" Liam is nothing like Natalie. Natalie never went through draws or cabinets. She was always so good. LIAM is a bit more adventurous. And he always picks the cabinets that are the hardest to put back together. Hubby just started Nutrisystem and he has his own little section of the kitchen. Well, Liam doesn't like the order of it all and trashes my set up at least 10 times a day. YES, I need to buy one of those locks for the doors. We have one for the chemicals. But none on the food. My mistake for SURE!In the meantime, I better document it because before I know it this boy will be in college and I will be missing cleaning up after him.Yeah.. that's not me. But I still decided that I wanted to start doing Yoga. I've been thinking about it for quite some time. So, this weekend I bought a pair of work out shorts and a tank and off I went. The only class that was close to me was Birkham Yoga, the hot one. The 100 degree sweaty room one.I. Almost. Died. The Yoga itself was wonderful. I will continue that for sure. But the HEAT of that room was unbearable. The best part is, the teacher specifically came up to me and said,""Hmmm.. I really didn't wanna update my blog till my results were out. But Figured I might as well blog about something I've been wanting to for quite a while. But before i begin- heres wishin u a happy new year! I was waiting for a bus and Getting pretty restless, I started twirling my cellphone between my thumb and middle finger. I almost dropped my cellphone in shock as I heard a voice to my right yell, ""o*** dei! Cellphone vechirundha periya m***** nee?""  Completely nonplussed, I turned around to see a pretty decently dressed chap on a bike looking straight at me with a furious look on his face. I didn't quite get it. The person standing in front of me seemed startled too. Guess he felt the guy was looking at him. That only confused me further. I couldn't quite make out who he was staring at! (Random note to self: Fury adds a squint to ur eye!!)  The-guy-in-front-of-me, let's jus call him X for my aching fingers' sake(!), was visibly offended. ""Excuse me?"" he said, his voice quavering lightly. He seemed guarded and didn't turn around to face the Biker dude (gotta make do with this name for the time being!) straight on. But nothing in the world could have prepared me for what followed next. My jaw almost hit the floor in bewilderment when the Biker dude retorted, ""Enna da English-la peela vudarae? English-la pesina nee periya p******-ya?""  I could feel every eye in the bus stop trained on the three of us. What was happening? Why was he picking up a fight for no reason? And all of a sudden, a silly thought crossed my mind. Silly, but every inch possible. Was this some show like Candid Camera or MTV Bakra? Did I actually have a camera zooming in on me? Am I on TV?!? I absently ran my fingers through my hair. I was feeling extremely self-conscious! I just wanted to get the hell outta the place! (Random notes of enlightenment: My brain goes off into tangents in the opposite direction just when I want it to stay focussed.)  Perhaps Mr. X was too numb with shock to have such crazy ideas floating around in his head. he Biker dude wasn't done with the expletives. He mouthed yet another string of well-chosen obscenities. Even passers-by stopped to gawk at the scene. I really wanted to get outta that place!!  Mr.X had had enough. He spluttered in indignation, pulled himself up to full height and started to approach the Biker dude. Aaah, now this was gonna get interesting! :)  But things took yet another crazy twist as the manic look on the Biker dude's face flickered off. To be replaced by a slight hint of confusion. And then, full-blooded horror!  Mr. X seemed puzzled at the reaction too. Things fell into place when the Biker dude slapped his forehead and exclaimed ""phone-a vei da naaye. unaala en maaname pochu!"".  And even as he revved up his bike, and fled the scene, face red with embarassment, I caught a glimpse of the ear-piece of his Hands-free mobile set peep out from under his collar! :)""We watch movies. And we see what the camera intends to show us. Other things remaining stable, it is sometimes the camera that provides the movement. So is the case with the human eye. When I chose to isolate myself from the plethora of activities happening around, from the mundane action that surrounds me each day, there was a mild discovery I made. Ironically, irrespective of their mildness, these discoveries make me feel stronger every time they happen to me.  Getting back to the discovery I was talking about: I used my eyes as the video camera. I saw the panning, tilting, dollying and trollying movements as I strolled across my house. I noticed that the objects around me were stable only till my eyes cooperated, any non cooperation on their part brought about a movement in the world around me. And the secret that hit me was: stability is a state of the human eye, which responds to any stimulus provided by the ¡®thoughting¡¯ of the human brain.Then, must I always complain about the changing surroundings! The environment, thoughts, people, situations: they are often a part of the thoughts that stimulate my mind.""Cooking!  May be the title of the blog is a give away - I love cooking. Even though I am not very frequently doing so I love the act of conjuring mouth watering, aromatic delicacies :)I love chopping onions and chillies with the precision of millimeters (only if you have the right knife and technique) and the adventure of flash frying. I have spent a good part of my telly watching years savouring exotic dishes being made 'too simple to believe' from all over the world. All that and more for my love of cooking later. What made me write this post was the fact whenever I am struggling with high pressure studies my mind tend to wander away to recipes for those after assignment parties (fictional of course!).I am in midst of writing a very crucial piece of my dissertation and thinking about shahi toasts (deep fried bread dipped in fragrant sugar syrup) and sewaiya (vermicilli in sweet milk) :) Some day I will post if I get to make any of these..for now I should go back to the dissertation. PS: I do cook occasional special dishes, strangely never thought of blogging about it. May be I can post some pics soon :)""The jhhhhaaakkkaaaasss DSN...Do It Now !!!  We all have personal barriers, old habits, or inhibitions that hold us back and keep us from fully participating in life. DSN Course is a rigorous and transformational course, designed by Sri Sri Ravi Shankar. Dropping whatever does not serve your best interests is a completely liberating experience¡ªit makes you so strong that nothing in this world can shake you.  When you are ready for true liberation, true freedom and personal empowerment, then you are ready for the power of DSN!Last week I did DSN course for the second time and believe me,it was a life transforming experience. The dynamic,energetic teacher reaching out to every participant,bringing joy and enthusiasm to all was really min blowing....or should i say, JHHHAKKKKAS !!!! Yeah,you guessed it right...the teacher was none other than Anand Rajenderan...he had promised that all the sheep joining the course will go back as lions by the end of three days...and so it happened !!!The padmsadhna sessions,meditations,Om namo shivay chantings....it was so blissful....and what we looked forward to the most was knowledge sessions by Anandji.Guruji's teachings were explained in such fun-filled manner and the best part used to be when Anandji used to point out the 'Pappus' from the crowd and they had to stand before the crowd till the time they started participating whole-heartedly.The processes were amazing as usual.We had so much fun when guys were dressed like gals and vice-versa.Bhanu and me had so much fun eve-teasing...at the end of the process,all the men vowed that they will never ever tease a woman again :) Criticism process was an eye-opener in so many ways.Every process taught something new and helped in connecting with others as if they were my own.The charisma of Anandji was witnessed in full throttle on the last day.Everyone was so over-whelmed by the Guru stories he told.That day i learnt the importance of 'giving'.Donations were raised for constructing a temple of knowldge in our city beautiful.Our dsn group raised almost 20 lakhs.there were tears of gratitude in everyone's eyes.till date we'd been living for ourselves but that day we realised what satisfaction one gets when we do something for the society we live in.The course ended with a rocking satsang...we danced nonstop to the beats of the dhol....followed by rocking bhajans...and the award of the best dancer goes to...Anandji again...who set the floor on fire by his energetic dance.he danced with each and every participant and everyone was so excited to geta chance to shake a leg with their jhakkas teacher.So, ladies and gentlemen ? if there is a DSN course with Anandji nearby you, it is a must attend course. Do it to make a difference in your lives, in your families¡¯ lives and for making the world a more positive and spiritual place!!"" The scenery in Library at night. That's all I managed to capture before the Flaming Lamborghini came.Ahhh where do I begin with the Flaming Lamborghini? How about the recipe? The ingredients are a combination of blue curacao, coffee liqueur (Bailey's and Kahlua's) and erm, yeah. It doesn't sound too bad, but drinking THAT was an adventure in itself.What happens is the blue curacao is lighted up and goes up in flames. Then they pour the blue liquid through a chute of sorts, and into a small shot of Kahlua's and Bailey's at the end. Once the coffee liqueur has flames on it's surface, you drink it through a straw, all in one gulp.Goddamn delicious. Hur hur hur. Really, really nice because I love Bailey's. (In other circumstances that would have sounded dirty.)"" The schedule is bananas and I haven't had time to do ANYTHING yet! I'm hoping to catch a break tonight or tomorrow afternoon to get on my computer, clean out my email inbox and upload a few pics. So exciting! The kids are having a blast and the tour we are on is SICK.It's a tour you can't BUY - It's only available through the CEO of Disney. We are being brought in through exits of rides and they are closing down stuff for us to eat in at night. They are supplying snacks and taking us into shows without having to wait on lines. It is incredible!! Oh and we can go on rides a few times - not just once. We get off and then hop right on again. People are very confused watching us!They have this purple card that they show which is like SUPER DUPER VIP - they said it's how the celebs go through the park. I swear - it is SICK!!Will update more later.""Faith - The other day someone remarked that I have too much faith in my Guru. Such remarks/comments do keep flying around me all the time. However, this time it set me thinking. Do I have faith in my Guru? And if so and if not, what is 'faith'?  H H Sri Sri Ravishankar, founder of The Art Of Living says ""Faith in the divine and faith in one's faith. You know everything is being protected, and everything is being taken care of.""Osho said ""Faith is a leap into the unknown"".Both these conceptualizations I could agree with. After all they have been given by spiritual masters ! But conceptualizations are done merely for the benefit of intellect driven humans trying to fathom truth through their cognitive abilities. My agreeing with them or disagreeing with them does not take me any closer or any farther from truth. As truth stands beyond what I agree with or do not agree with. So, do I have faith? Faith in whom, faith in what? Do I have faith in my Guru? Do I have faith in Him? Do I feel that He is with me? I am protected? Or better still do I feel that I am with Him? Both don't seem to be absolutely true. It is neither. Where is He? Who is He? If He is there then He doesn't seem to be with me and it doesn't seem as though I am with Him. He seems so distant. Yet He is!I stand there shorn of His proximity or distance. I am and He is! He is a part of me, an integral part of me, He is me !! Is it blasphemy to say He is me? I don't know. He is me.I am also shorn of all protection............ protection from whom, from what. All that is there is a part of me, it is me!Is this faith ??"" So that wasn't so bad. Have had already 5 glasses (small) of beer and feeling supremely woozy. World was all fuzzy, glasses came off (so I don't break it) and face was hot as heck. Things were suddenly really, really niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice.I was talking a fair bit of crap too. Can't remember what I said but judging from the delighted faces of my colleagues, it must have been awesome blackmail material.And so there I was, singing off-key, swaying to the music (I was swaying anyway from the alcohol) and having shit-loads of fun.Then the Black Russian came. He took the rest of me to the toilet. In a good way. (Yeah, that sounds dirty NOW.)But make no mistake. It was DAMN tasty too. (At this point, JA kidnapped my phone to update my Twitter in a most drunken manner, IT WASN'T ME.)"" Chile Earthquake and Spiritual PromptingsOn the LDS Church News website last week there was an article about the earthquake in Chile and how the mission there had already been preparing for an earthquake in the weeks leading up to the quake. The article is an e-mail written by Sister Lisa Laycock, wife of Chile Santiago East Mission President Larry Laycock, and originally sent to her friends and family after the quake. Here is an excerpt:""When we were set apart for this calling, Elder [Richard G.] Scott of the [Council] of the Twelve Apostles taught us many important lessons. He spoke from personal experience when he was a mission president in Argentina. One message that he shared with us is this: 'At times, during your mission, you will be awakened in the middle of the night or the early morning hours with thoughts of specific things you should do for certain missionaries. Do not ignore these thoughts. They are promptings from the Holy Ghost who will communicate with you in the stillness of the night or the peace of the early morning hours. He will speak to you then because that is when you are still enough to hear.' Elder Scott further instructed us to keep a notebook beside our bed so that we could record these precious promptings. He said that by the next morning, we would be likely to forget the promptings if we didn't write them down.""We have been astonished at the fulfillment of Elder Scott's prophetic words. We have received many promptings in the exact manner that Elder Scott described. We are so thankful that Elder Scott taught us how to recognize and act upon these precious promptings. Had he not taught us, we may not have given these promptings the attention they require.""Nearly two and one half weeks [before the earthquake], I was awakened at around 4 a.m. by just such a prompting. I did not hear a voice, but the thought was as clear as if it had been in the form of spoken words: 'There is going to be an earthquake. Prepare your missionaries.' I sat up in bed and immediately remembered Elder Scott's counsel. That morning I told Larry what had happened. He immediately set to work organizing our missionaries to prepare for an earthquake.""In talking with our office missionaries to arrange for them to put together a list of everything we would need to prepare...in both Spanish and English...we discovered that the Lord had also let two of our office missionaries know of the possibility of an earthquake (in the form of dreams) and the need to prepare our mission. We set a goal and arranged our schedule so that we could visit every apartment in the mission to check for safety and to review with our missionaries what to do in case of an earthquake. What a wonderful experience we have had as we have met with them and shared scriptures with them about being spiritually and physically prepared. '...if ye are prepared, ye shall not fear' (D&C 38:30). We instructed every missionary to have a ""go-bag"" (36 hour kit). We reviewed our emergency action plan with them of where to go and what to do if they had phone service and in case they did not. We gave everyone a paper with all instructions in English and Spanish, and we reminded them that 'this life is the time to prepare to meet God' (Alma 34:32-34). We shared with them our thoughts and feelings about the need for spiritual and physical safety. Some of them became frightened and asked us if we knew something they didn't know. We smiled and repeated '...if ye are prepared, ye shall not fear.' We didn't want to unduly alarm them, but we did want to impress upon them the need to be prepared. We tearfully reminded them of our recent transfer conference where we had shared our feelings about our dear Elder McKay Burrows who was unexpectedly called home in January while serving his mission in Romania...how he was prepared in every way to meet God. We reissued our challenge to 'be prepared' in every way. Then we knelt with them in their apartment and dedicated each apartment, asking for a blessing of safety and security to be upon every apartment.""When the earthquake came, we were prepared. We did not experience the panic that many felt. We knew we were prepared. Because of the words of the Lord's chosen apostle, Elder Scott, we had listened and heeded the quiet, but clear promptings of the Holy Ghost. We were blessed with peace in the midst of chaos. We learned an important lesson: our preparation helped us to avoid panic and fear, but the Lord, in His wisdom, allowed us to experience enough discomfort to know that He has all power. He is in charge. We are nothing without Him. We are dependent upon Him for every breath we take. Only He can save us from death and destruction. He is the way, the truth, and the life. He is our perfect example. If we follow Him, we will be saved through obedience to the laws and ordinances of His Gospel.""As the earthquake became more violent, the mission home groaned and wailed. The power died, so the whole city was black. The windows made a hideous screeching sound, and flying objects banged against swaying walls. The printer/fax machine, books, book ends, and fifty-pound television burst from the entertainment center and crashed to the floor, cabinets emptied, drawers flew open, the refrigerator moved, water sloshed out of the toilets, the floor jolted up and down as we ran across it trying to hold onto the walls to keep from falling down, and the piano toppled over like a small toy. As we made our way to the back yard, I remember thinking, 'God is all-powerful. He is our only refuge from this horrible mess.' I prayed and prayed for Him to still the earth. When we reached the back yard, we watched in terror. By the light of the moon we could see the swimming pool water form giant waves and crash out onto the rocks. House and car alarms screamed into the night...some from being crushed by falling debris and others I guess from the bizarre movement of the earth. I am not sure if the intense rumbling sounds came from the earth itself or from everything else that was shaking so violently. Finally, it stopped. When the calm came, we had to sit down because our legs were weak and unstable. My legs stayed wobbly all day and night yesterday. Today (Feb. 28) the muscles in my legs hurt like I ran a marathon. The aftershocks have been extremely unsettling. Each one begins like the one last night started. We just close our eyes and wait to see if it escalates or dies down. I have never experienced anything like this!""Wow! The description of the earthquake was pretty cool to read, I don't think I would ever want to experience that myself. But the description of how the mission was already preparing for the earthquake was even more amazing. Heavenly Father really cares about us and he does provide us with spiritual promptings if we care to listen. What would have happened if this sister and the other missionaries had decided to ignore the prompting they received? I'm sure all the missionaries and their families are grateful that the three individuals who received promptings to prepare for an earthquake were in tune enough with the Holy Ghost to realize that it was a warning and take action."One of India¡¯s six largest IT outsourcing companies. Counts such Fortune 500 companies as Sony among its customers. The biggest corporate scandal in India. More than $ 1.5bn of investors¡¯ money dwindled thanks to one family. Rather, one man who famously said, ¡°It was like riding a tiger, not knowing how to get off without being eaten¡±. Ya, right. Its my !@#$%^ money, you moron! But guess what¡¯s new? The man is happy, leading the life of a King, though he¡¯s still a B-class prisoner. A B-class prisoner is a habitual offender or a professional crime-doer. Someone who can harm the society in a greater way. He is expected to share his cell with another prisoner. And the well known rule, is that NO electronic gadgets are allowed inside the cell. Our Constitution happens to be the longest and our country, the biggest democracy in the world. ¡°All Men Are Equal Before Law¡±, did they say?  Some equality, I tell you. A man died in custody after being brutally beaten in the Neelankarai Police Station day before yesterday. For a silly domestic issue. And here¡¯s Mr.SmartyPants who gobbled up MY bloody money, eating a 5 course dinner." As a blogger of only a few weeks, I'm learning there is a certain etiquette for blogging. (I just scratched my head trying to invent a word like blogiquette, but it didn't quite work as it turns the G into a soft G.) In my surely deluded mind, I'd get hundreds of followers and comments alike, full of praise for my irreverant (am I deluded again?) style of blogging. As I said, this was in my mind. What I have learned is this: You won't get followers if you don't follow others. That actually sounds like a life lesson as well doesn't it? Same for comments. So I started following and commenting, and guess what, yay, I got followers and comments. This may be obviously to you lot reading this, but it wasn't to me. I'd previously been used to blogging on my own website for my 4 year old son, full of pictures of what he'd been up to. My readers were my family and friends, living too far away to see us regularly, able to catch up on the blog. But I'd not had to earn readers. I am slowly appreciating that I now have to."Hot,hotter and hottest Chennai has finally turned into a better place.Thanks to the showers! But despite the rare downpours in Chennai, a few people still despise the rain. I¡¯ve always wondered why people don¡¯t like the rain. Rain enlivens the lifeless earth, gives a fresh look to the otherwise dry leaves, ensures a free supply of  ¡®water-the elixir of life¡¯ throughout the year and above all isn¡¯t it beautiful ? Rain has served as an inspiration for many poets independent of the language in which they write. Rain songs have become a part and parcel of every movie just like the item numbers.And, invariably the Rain song is a definite hit! Not just a hit, most rain songs are beautiful too.Is it just the music that brings the beauty ? Definitely not.. Its the rain itself which adds beauty to the song.The rhythm of the rain drops falling, the crystal showers filling the place, the beautiful heroine dancing in the rain.. (does she dance to the song or to the rhythm of the rain ?? .. I¡¯ve always wondered! ) Isn¡¯t it magical ?" When I look back at who I was and how green and naive I was when I entered seminary and first approached the ordination process in the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts, I am astonished that I made it through the selection process. I believe it was only because the Church's discernment process at that time was rather loose and lacking in rigor (and also rather still functioning as the ""old boys' network"" now having to figure out what to do with women).There was still plenty of confusion, mixed messages, and what might, at least in retrospect, seem like warning signals that I did my best to ignore.The discernment committee suggested that I do a year's internship in a church (five years in a non-church job might have been more appropriate!), because, they judged, that I was ""too sweet and inexperience, at least in appearance"". While the bishop in charge of the ordination process told me to ""go on being your own sweet self""!"" When shooting outside at or around twilight, it¡¯s pretty important to know where the sun¡¯s going to go down (or where it¡¯s going to come up). It¡¯s easy enough to look up sunrise/sunset times, but the sunset/rise moves across the horizon throughout the year.This took some digging to find, but it¡¯s actually very easy to figure this out. You¡¯ll need:This link to the NOAA Solar CalculatorA compass, which you can get pretty much anywhere.Then do this:Find your location (the location where you¡¯ll be at sunse) on the map in that linkEnter the date you¡¯re interested inNote the sunset time. Under ¡°AZ/EI¡± you¡¯re getting a degree measurement, which is what we need eventually; but it¡¯s actually showing the current azimuth instead of the azimuth at sunset.Enter the sunset time in the time fields next to the date fields. The AZ/EI field will update. That¡¯s the number you¡¯ll need.The number you¡¯ve just found should be a degree measurement, between 0 and 360. This is the solar azimuth angle at sunset. Generically, an azimuth is an angular measurement in a spherical coordinate system. The solar azimuth is calculated (by the application at that link, anyway) as the number of degrees clockwise from true north that corresponds to the position on the horizon that the sun is directly above. If that seems confusing, it¡¯s because it is. On the bright side: it¡¯s really easy to work with when you get to where you want to shoot:When you get to your location, take out your trusty compass and:Align the compass with magnetic northFind the degree measurement on the compass that matches the number you got earlerThat direction is pointing toward where the sun will go down.There¡¯s definitely a margin of error here. First, this doesn¡¯t account for topography getting in the way (if you¡¯re next to a mountain, the sun will go behind it long before it¡¯s ¡°down¡±, so the angle will be off). Second, the compass is reading magnetic north instead of due north, and the reported azimuth is measured from due north. But: it¡¯s free, it¡¯s pretty easy, and for my purposes, it¡¯s good enough."The other day a random thought crossed my mind while scanning through some photos of a friendÿWhen was the last time i opened a album ? (i mean the paperback ones) God,it¡¯s been so long ago..I can¡¯t even remember now..Digital camera¡¯s just spoilt us crazy..  I remember when we would just click pictures with our Minolta camera and wait desperately to receive the photos from the studio just to see how they turned outÿThat excitement is dead now..No curiosity ..nothing   Forget the inquisitiveness,that is an attribute long dead anywayÿbut the fact that you can sit on your favourite chair with a photo album and a cup of tea to remember the funny and happy times on a rainy evening..is just pricelessÿ  I am not against digital camera¡¯sÿI love them! But the feeling when you can open  an album and reminisce is extraordinaryÿ   Now for the smart ones out there..yeah yeah..just print the photo outÿ(i know that!) ÿbut really how many of us do that? we just keep gaping at the photos on our laptops ÿ!!!   I miss having pictures adorning my wall!  Pictures of youÿand me  Yes, there¡¯s a pattern in the plots of all his books. But that¡¯s how it is for 90% of writers across the globe. The bad ones included. We¡¯re all people who wish to express ourselves and that shines through our words. Have you ever noticed that you use a limited set of words in your life. This even if you might have mastered your copy of Barron¡¯s to flog the US consulate later. You think he¡¯s all fascinated about the IIT/IIM atmosphere? Welcome to the world of Indian Chick-lit. India is one crazy nation churning out engineers mindlessly. Parents throw their kids into IIT/PMPD coaching centres in 7th grade. Why, it starts with Abacus classes in 1st grade these days. So why not? We¡¯re talking of a sizeable target audience here. And besides, if we could lap up Miss.Kaavya Vishwanath¡¯s stolen tale simply because A.She¡¯s an ABCD and B.She¡¯s from Harvard, I don¡¯t see a reason not to love Chetan Bhagat. My personal favorite. I adore his female lead characters. They¡¯re not silly nitwits (there are other women to make up for it) but are bold, career driven and they know exactly what they want out of life. Which, is the reality today." Holiday Sneer It's always funny to me when people wish me a merry Christmas. I mean, I can understand the whole holiday spirit and cheer and whatever, but the whole thing means nil to me. However, I did watch so many hours on the Discovery Channel about the life of Jesus, Mary, and everything else surrounding the New Testament that the Disocovery Channel could muster. I watched so many hours, in fact, that I had a dream last night that I was Mary, Noah (of the Arc), and Jesus rolled into one. For Xmas eve I went over to my friend Ridge's house in Queens. We watched Peanuts cartoons, Edward Scissorhands, and ate Jumbalya or whatever it's called/spelled. Afterwards I headed back into the city a little earlier than planned and had a quick drink with Marc. I also tried to climb into his suitcase so he could take me to Australia with him for when he goes to interview the Vines. As I was heading back home, my brother Lawrence called me just as I was driving past him on the street in my cab. I jumped out and joined him for a drink at some cheesy club that was hosting a Matzoh Ball. It was so incredibly lame (I yelled out ""Sausage Fest!"" as i walked in and got shot with dirty looks all around) that we left after 20 minutes. He headed off to the new Crobar and I went home. Apparently the Lubuvatch Organization were in their Mitzvah Mobile outside of Crobar trying to recruit new followers of the ultra-orthodox jewish cult-like group. When I was little my mom used to take me to visit Rabbi Schneerson (sp?) who is the person the Lubuvatch's look up to as a sort of profit. We'd wait in a long line in Brooklyn for hours and hours and walk up to him, hand him a dollar, he'd give us a blessed dollar in return, mumble something or another, and then we'd go off on our way. I was about 8 years old when we did this, so my memory is a bit cloudy... however, I'm sure he brought happiness to a lot of people. I'm just confused by what the Lubuvatch community is trying to do with their Mitzvah Mobiles... i should do some research. Speaking of Lawrence, he changed his friendster photo to images from high school. He was so fucking cute and new wave. Look!. Yesterday, for Xmas Day, Nate the fabulous Roommate, cooked an amazing meal for his bandmates. It looked amazing... I couldn't eat it cause it wasn't kosher, but basically it was chicken rolled with ricotta and feta cheese, mashed potatoes, and asparagus. Nate cooks! He's like the best boy in the whole world. He also got a Christmas tree for the apartment which he decorated with white lights and blue balls (to pay respect to Hannukah), and we made an angle for the top using an image of Thom Yorke i found in Blender magazine. After dinner I went to the movies with Karen and Jordan to see ""Big Fish"" (I was crying like a pms-ing girl who has just watched a Sally Struthers ""kids in africa need your money"" commercial at the end... not to mention squealing everytime Ewan came on screen). We all noticed Drew and Fab in line for popcorn behind us and so this prompted Jordan to ask quite loudly while we were sitting down ""I THOUGHT DREW AND FAB WERE OVER?"" not noticing them sitting two rows directly in front of us. God Bless Jordan for delivering the quote of the night. So Drew and Fab are back on!  When I got home, after going to Lit, I watched the World Idol competition that i had taped while at the movies. I'm totally in love with Kurt from Norway's performance. He was so utterly amazing. He sounded a lot like the singer of Kent. I think i'm gonna buy his album.  Free Jack White items are for sale just in time for belated holiday gifts. Incase anyone is interested, i'm a women's medium. Thanks to Rachel for that link. Finally -- I'm DJing at Don Hills on New Years Eve. The party is apparently gonna be really great, so if anyone reading this needs something to do that night, you should go. Come and say hi to me if you do! I will probably be very drunk and possibly try to make out with you and then you'll also discover my inability to remember anything and total need to document everything with my digital camera as a result. I promise to also play ""Ice Ice Baby."""It has become a common sight to see children as young as 5 years old in the spotlight singing and dancing to the latest film songs, dolled up in fancy clothes and layers of makeup, trying to behave very much like adults- tinsel town adults at that. While the tremendous talent demonstrated by most children is truly amazing and applaudable, it is debatable whether it is ethical of us to push children into a commercial world of make believe, where their talents are being harnessed into making money. Also on the downside, the children are being subjected to stress beyond their years and maturity levels and also, in some cases, to abuse. It comes down to us to sort through the goods and evils of reality shows and come up with some very necessary decisions ? should reality shows for children be encouraged or banned? Should we come up with stricter measures to ensure the well being of the child participants? "the place is Residency...that is where this picture is shot. in 1857, when India fought against the British, the Indian Army attacked the Residency in Lucknow, where the British forces luxuriously resided. this particular grave is of a man called M. V. Nazareth who died on 5th August,1890 and was one of the defenders of residency during the seige of 1857.he was 75 years 8 months and 26 days, when he died...he was survived by his daughter who mourned him deeply. He lost his wife, Eliza Carina in the seige of 1857, who was 36 years 2 months and 8 days when she died.  Moving on to read the epitaph of Late Mr. M. V. Nazareth...""ONE JUST SHALL REJOICE IN THE LORD, AND SHALL HOPE IN HIM,AND ALL THE UPRIGHT IN THE HEART SHALL BE PRAISED.""Now reading the epitaph of Mrs. Eliza Carina...""THOU HAST PROTECTED ME FROM THE ASSEMBLY OF THE MALIGNANT,FROM THE MULTITUDE OF WORKERS OF INEQUITY.""There are profound thoughts that this post can leave to you...i do not know if the ones that come to me are justified or not. Do bother to leave your thoughts here and share them with me."I am sure a lot of people attending training would have posted about the nature of training, some maybe even about training especially at Haldia. The very reason I started to blog from our training premises is because I wanted to get over my frustration. So I¡¯ll stick to the positives. Food, Learning and Entertainment is definitely not going to be a part of it. Sorry guys, the less said the better. Being at Haldia,I¡¯ve learnt to manage things myself,manage finances et all.But, I would have done that anywhere.Whats specially positive about Haldia ? Right,It is a village, but its not all that pollution-free or clean-green.Thanks to the industries.They spew fire 24¡Á7 and contribute to more holes in the already hollow ozonosphere.Nothing positive yet ? Wait for it! The people are the asset of this village (teenage guys excluded).Innocence personified.Their life is simple and they have no reason to complain.Born and brought up in a city for 22 years, our life looks so complicated when compared to theirs."Forgiven not Forgotten 1The meeting of the Indian Council of Textile Owners had just dispersed. The lounge of the hotel ¡®Grandeur¡¯ was filled with rich businessmen, old and young alike; the young entrepreneurs were being introduced to the elder members by the Chairman, Mr. Ashok Sahai.At the centre of the lounge stood Mr.Ryan, Ryan Jindal, surrounded by a group, consisting of the richest members of the council. He needed no introduction. The Jindal Textile Corporation had been the most powerful and successful industry in India for the past 15 years and had only doubled in its value ever since Mr.Ryan inherited it after his father five years back. Ryan had been an MBA fresher when he took up the responsibility; everybody knew there was something else in the man that made him what he was- the king of the Jindal empire. He had the strong and slender build of an athlete and was dressed in a black suit tailored to perfection. His body looked chiselled, with not a single vestigial muscle. His face was angular with a sharp, pointed nose.he had black curls that fell over his broad forehead. And his eyesÿ people who conversed with him rarely looked at his eyes, they made one uncomfortable. They played a huge contrast to the sophistication and aristocracy his clothes displayed. On the surface, they were insolent and impersonal, but anyone with a little more insight could see that they were only a screen to something more savage and terrifying, like the fores of nature bottled up in human form. At present, he was completely bored of the flattery he was being entitled to by a group of businessmen around him. They were saying something about him being the responsible son and the future badshah of the textile world. He smiled and nodded appropriately to all the comments, but his eyes were shifting, scrutinising the groups of people around the room. Suddenly they fixed onto someone, someone standing with Mr. Ashok, being introduced to some others. His eyes never lost sight of her for a moment. He stared at her as she stood there- tall, slender- a picture of elegance. Her face wore a smile- a smile that reflected beauty and self- confidence, but more than everything, they deepened her eyes and the colour on her cheeks. A simple sari of blue silk adorned her, but she looked like she would hardly have looked less elegant in a pair of jeans or trousers.For a few moments, Ryan looked at her and then turned back to the conversation immediately around.After a quarter of an hour, he heard Mr.Ashok¡¯s voice, ¡°Mr.Ryan, may I introduce to you Miss.Tamanna, and Ms...¡±. ¡°Mr.Ryan, Ryan Jindal, I know him quite well, Mr.Ashok.¡± ¡°That¡¯s my pleasure, Ms.Tamanna.¡± Ryan stretched out his hand, his eyes looking straight at her as if he were challenging her. She met his eyes with defiance and took his hands coolly. Even as their fingers touched, his palm enclosed hers. The warmth from him seemed to spread all through her. Her eyes wavered just an instant and she was the first one to withdraw her hands. For a moment there was troubled silence, and then Tamanna composed herself and managed a weak smile, ¡°Nice to meet you Mr.Ryan¡±.¡°Of course, Ms.Tamanna, looking forward to see more of you.¡±In sometime, Ryan took leave. He never stayed back for the Council dinners. As he walked back towards his car, he thought of her again. There was something about her, in her poise, but she had wavered from that at his touch. The thought made him happy, though no girl had ever resisted his touch. But he knew this had been different. She had been genuinely surprised, perhaps troubled, at her own response. He would find out more soon.Thinking so, he directed his remote at his car. Something was wrong, it refused to open. He pressed again, no response. ¡°Is anything the matter, Mr.Ryan? That¡¯s my car.¡± Tamanna stood loking at him, hands folded, a smug smile on her face. Now it was his turn to be genuinely surprised. ¡°This is your car?¡± He had every reason to be surprised. The car was the first of its kind in India and he had been the first Indian to get it. He loved cars, especially, huge, black ones. He would never have imagined anyone elseat the Council to have ever owned one like that. She broke into his reverie, ¡°If you¡¯ll please excuse me,¡± and she pressed the button on her remote. The car dutifully opened its door for the rightful owner. As she walked past him to get into the car, he involuntarily shifted aside, and saw his car parked some 100m away. ¡°Good night, Mr. Ryan¡±, she said and just sped off.For one moment he stood dumbfound and then a smile crossed his lips, a cold, cruel smile. He had discovered what was different about her. After a long time, he had been challenged. He felt a gush of adrenaline. She was an independent will, a tigress. He would possess her, he decided, ¡°Very soonÿ¡±, were the only words that came out of his mouth."Music - The fact that we have something called music to appreciate is utterly amazingÿI consider it one of the ingenious things we discovered(mind you..not invented).The right music just lightens up your day! It still amazes me as to how we react emotionally to different frequency of soundsÿhow do we do that ? hmmm..I am no scientist so won¡¯t delve any deeper :)  I know that the genre of music is a touchy subject for someÿfor example: i am not a fan (at all) of heavy metalÿI detest it..but doesn¡¯t mean i wont allow anyone else to decide for themselves.  Personally i have no particular genre to call ¡®my kind of music¡¯,it all depends on my moodÿwhen i am up for it..I enjoy mostly romantic and soulful music..but i also enjoy R&B,Bollywood and Pop a lot too..Of late..soft rock and punk rock have caught my eye(Green day :) )  Anyway that¡¯s a lot about meÿjust one questionÿhow many of you out there listen to a particular song a million times till you are fed up? (that is my exact story..yeah i am quite boring! :p)  Coming to favorites I have way too manyÿso many that they can¡¯t even be called favorites anymore.. :) Music can REALLY heal..it¡¯s just a matter of listening to the right songs  so go pick up your i-pod,phone,laptop(or any other instrument that plays music) and get happy!" Calling all MomsI know it's been awhile since I've blogged. Things have been a little crazy lately. More on that later.Now, I have two questions for all you moms out there. Eli is turning 1 next month (how did that happen?!?) and so I need to start looking for a new car seat for him. I don't know much about the next size. I've heard things about 3-in-1 and booster-convertible or whatever, but I really know nothing. So, rather than researching like I should, I thought I would just ask:1) What kind of a carseat do you recommend for a 1+ year-old?I don't really want to spend a fortune, but at the same time, I know it will get used through the years, so I don't mind investing in something that will last.Next, I need ideas on food. I seem to be a little stumped on what to feed Eli lately. I know there are probably lots of things I'm not thinking of. He LOVES to feed himself and is not so keen on the purees anymore (mostly because I have to feed him), but he only has 4 teeth, and he's not a year old yet, so there are things he can't eat yet, so I need ideas. His favorite things lately (finger foods) are avocados, bananas, crackers, cheerios, and peas. I'm still breastfeeding, so he gets a lot of his nutrition from me, but we are nearing the weaning phase, so I need to find more balanced things to give him. So, the next question:2) What foods (finger foods mostly) do you recommend for a 10+ month-old?Okay, I'm ready for the suggestions now. :) I've seen other people do things like this on their blog, and I'm always amazed at the awesome responses, so I'm counting on you! Any and all comments are welcome (even if you don't have children). Thank you! :)"" The Kitchen CureA couple of years ago, my husband and I received a trip to a spa as an anniversary gift. This is not the kind of place where you lie a reclining chair and get a gentle massage, a pedicure and a facial. We arrived at this place at 7 o'clock in the morning and became inmates. They locked up our things. We each talked to a medical doctor. After we received a personalized schedule of treatments, we were nudged into the labyrinth. The inmates, stripped of our belongings, were shuffling around in matching slippers and white bathrobes. No one spoke. It was Fellini-esque. The experience was jarring and liberating at the same time, since we were subjected to being pummeled with streaming jets of water at fire-hose velocity, dipped in vats of bubbling clay, massaged with compounds, stretched with weird machines, closed up in rooms of various degrees of heat and coldness, scraped, kneaded, and otherwise indelicately handled. Loic and I were separated at arrival and raised our eyebrows at each other in passing down the halls throughout the day. We were then left to silently bake together in a cloistered courtyard, exhausted, draped over reclining chairs overlooking the Mediterranean sea, drinking cups of healing water that were refilled by nurses. It was all we could do to make our hands touch each other across the great divide between our wooden recliners while we watched the sun set. We left that place completely drained of all energy but in the weeks to come, wow! The difference was amazing.Fast forward to today. Since we bought the country place a bit over a year ago, our apartment in Lyon has entered a sort of Feng Shui limbo. Especially the kitchen. We didn't put much thought into how to establish the new kitchen in the mountains, nor did we give furnishing it a line in the household budget. Instead, we shuffled and shuttled things from one place to another in boxes and bags for awhile, then hit the brocantes and doubled certain small things like corkscrews, knife sharpeners and silverware. But since this wasn't thought out or planned in any way, things settled the way they fell. Add to that the arrival of our son, Ian, last spring, adding baby accoutrements and products that never found their places and a vast cut in spare time even to consider the issue, and we've got ourselves a nice big mess. I've been trailing along behind in the wake of all of this. I haven't had the courage to even address the general dysfunction, I just feel more and more like I need a helping hand. This was why, when I came across the 2010 Kitchen Cure at Apartment Therapy, I took the plunge.They told me I had to dispose of my lovely olives.Our kitchen is extremely small, and I like it that way. For years, it was a very efficient one. But now it feels like an abandoned rats nest, for all the things I've stolen from it to nourish the kitchen in the mountains. All the bits and scraps of useless junk that remain tucked into every corner have lost their meaning. In addition to problems with clogged energy, I really am going to have to replenish the spirit of my kitchen. I want it to be a place that nourishes my creativity again.The first assignment at the Kitchen Cure is to tackle the refrigerator and the pantry, removing everything that's expired, inedible, or no longer useful. One shelf at a time, we purge things that no longer belong there, and brush the dust off of that which we will keep. We have a week to do this. This is a task that just takes time. In my house, the kitchen and pantry have begun to spill out into our living space. This first step will make space and find places for the many things that seem to never have had a place to begin with. It will give me a chance also to replenish the essentials.""Haappie haapie new year - ;) well u kno there is an old sayin "" Whatever u begin on the new year flourishes"" ;) in t same hope, well i m blogging today in the hope that i ll blog regularly ;P yu c i m very buzzzy ma....don get much of tym! :P lolsNeways,I wanted to write on a long promised post, The child in u....Well, i m still nt findin t ryt mood for it....for wen i write it i want it t be in my flow, n its a post tat i hold v close to my heart, that i cant write it without the ryt mood....So i m gonna skip tat post for nw n write about sumthin tat everyone needs in their lyf..Hope...Well, i guess i m pretty obsessed with the law of attraction, that it is featurin in every other post! :) Lets dig a bit deeper on this old sayin, y ppl insist v start on new yr, new beginnin et al...well hidden beneath all this is a basic and primal instinct...Hope,Enthusiasm and Agape...ny1 who ve read paulo cohelo will kno all about agape...well agape is an extended form of enthusiasm, a feeling of joy hope and belief......Lemme quote a truth that is true in all cases..Faith is the burning force behind everything...Anyone, ryt frum agnostics to atheists to deep believers one thing is common..Faith..Faith needn be on lord..For us weak beings, who cant focus on a singlke point, we need an idol, a place of worship, a point to focus on called god..A superior power who we need to c n feel..In my opinion atheists and agnostics are more deep believers, for they can focus without seeing and feeling..They trust..in themselves and keep pushin themselves..They are more stronger mentally..Denyin the existence of god doesn mean He doesn exist...He is there..In faith..The belief..Explorin more on faith, havent v heard stories of healing and belief, of extrordinary circumstances, jus based on belief?? Kamalahasan, who s well known t be an atheist, is he nt successful!!? he is...cos he has faith in himself and his profession...Where faith is, there is excellence..One may wonder y i m goin on n on about faith n belief..For on this nw yr,all i wanna share with u is that wonderful feeling called belief...faith...Jus believe in whatever u want...Close ur eyes, visualize and feel it..never give up and never lose hope...Be happy for all u have and believe u ll get whatevr u want..this is nt philosophy...it is t underlyin truth behind all relegions..Jus believe, take lyf in its stride and trust...Enjoy every moment..This is not jus for t new yr...U follo this everyday will be a new yr to u... Stay Young @ heart for that is t most important thing in lyf!! Havve fun.. A happy happy new year to all :)Cheers!""Monday, June 29, 2009New BeginningsMy contract says I start on July 1st...but today, I found the familiar dance beginning. Checking with this person, that person, writing notes here, there....wondering...what implications for doing this, that... Back in the swing of things. But in a new place.My new position. Hmmmm.....due to start in a couple days, but already, this whole thing has started. ""What time will you be in?"" my secretary to-be-asks. ""Uh, I'll see you tomorrow....9 a.m."" I say. And I mean it. Work is waiting.I met the person who held my new post today. He had served for 17 years...the equivalent of a high school junior's lifetime...so hard to believe. I knew how I had felt, leaving Greenville after one year; Central Montcalm after 5....so how could I really know his story? Leaving after all those years. It had to be hard. He said he has plans to do ""other things"", yet, I know it had to about kill him. To leave things in my hands. And now, all the things he worked so hard for...will they continue, or not? I appreciate all he did for me. He went beyond really, what he needed to do. I don't take all that lightly. He seemed non-affected, but he had to feel a little void. And I can't blame him."" Amy ButlerI was able to meet designer Amy Butler at a local quilting shop. She was vey nice and gave me a signed pattern for her cute Butterfly and Lady bug pillows.http://www.amybutlerdesign.com/mainmenu.phpToo bad Lydia had to miss the fun since she was getting ready for her cruise. :)POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 5:39 PM 1 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTVocabulary Lesson: RistraRistra -n.A string on which foodstuffs, such as chilies, onions, or garlic, are threaded or tied for storage.This is common sight in New Mexico but rare in Ohio.POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 5:24 PM 6 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTSUNDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2009Trunk or Treat 2009POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 8:42 PM 5 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTSUNDAY, OCTOBER 25, 2009Bradford's in GhanaWell, we sent off our first missionary. Bradford left Thursday for Ghana.It's very exciting. All missions are wonderful. The service you give, the growth you make, the testimonies grown, the life changes made, the truths learned and the covenants accepted. He will have challenges but we expect it to be a wonderful time for him.I made a new blog for his mission. missionarychambers.blogspot.com I just put his addresses up there. I was having trouble up loading photos so that will have to wait until another day.POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 7:42 PM 0 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTSUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 2009Primary Temple TripOur Primary had a great temple activity in September. It is the 10th anniversary of the Columbus Ohio Temple.Here's the whole crowd, the Powell Ward Primary. Ellery and the other 11 year old boys were at a campout. Too bad They missed it this was a very special.Patrick loves the temple. He was very excited to go and learn about the temple.Here's my handsome Owen. He was so reverent.We toured around the temple and learned new things on each side of the temple. We enjoyed the gardens and heard the former Temple President and his wife speak too.POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 2:11 PM 4 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTPatrick's broken legPatrick broke his leg early in September. He and Owen were jump ing off the back porch. It didn't really slow him down too much.Thanks Quinn for letting Patrick use your wheelchair!He has this spiffy new cast for the next three weeks.POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 12:03 PM 2 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTLittle Zoo TripPatrick and Owen at the zooPatrick has been waiting and waiting for a trip to the zoo. Yesterday we went for a couple of hours.We rode the train. They have never done that before. It was fun!""Let's Talk About Food And HealthDavid Jesse's recent article at annarbor.com about a Mitchell Elementary School program to provide weekend ""food backpacks,"" made me think it is time to say something more about food, and health. Different schools and school districts have different feelings about how much they should help provide a safety net for students. Some schools have stepped up to the plate--for instance, Bryant/Pattengill in Ann Arbor runs a clothes closet, and the Ypsilanti Public Schools run one for the whole district. Other schools have been reluctant to jump into providing services, because the need is so great, and they don't want to be seen as a giant social service agency.On the other hand--kids who are hungry, cold, or sick don't do very well in school. I think that those schools that try to support students' other needs are doing the right things. But remember, knowledge is power, and a lot of people who are eligible for programs don't know they are eligible. So here are a few resources. Please share them!1. Free and Reduced Price Lunch Program (which includes breakfast): you can register for this at any time during the school year. If, for instance, you had work at the beginning of the year and wouldn't qualify, you might find that you qualify now. Ask for an application at the front office of the school your child attends. Some schools use this as a way to identify kids who qualify for other benefits/scholarships. (I've written about school lunch here.)2. The Food Stamp application is now online. This is new, and it is great news. Spread the word. A lot of people are surprised to find out that they qualify. If you want an estimate as to whether your family will qualify, here is the link to a food stamp calculator. And here is the link to the application. 3. Similarly, you can now enroll your kids in the MIChild/Healthy Kids program with an online application. (Women 19-44 can be enrolled in the Plan First family planning program through the same application.)4. The Regional Alliance for Healthy Schools has clinics in several local schools, including schools in Ann Arbor, Ypsilanti, and Willow Run. Check them out here.5. Pregnant women and kids up to age 5 can be served by WIC (Women, Infants, and Children)--and that can help stretch the overall food budget. WIC also has some satellite clinics, which is helpful for people living on the edges of the county."¡°Rich and creamy New York-style cheesecake swirled with pureed fresh strawberries and a hint of lime juice, all nestled in a buttery graham crust¡± beamed the lunch special menu. S was wowed. Well who wouldn¡¯t be, look at the picture! She changed her order from bread and Earl Grey tea  to just the dessert. The waitress gave an understanding nod, openly feeling sorry for S¡¯ state, the lonely vegetarian with meager choices and magnanimously approved S¡¯ desperate attempt to fill her grumbling stomach with something. The cake looked big and S considered that she might be overestimating her appetite. ¡°Big deal! It¡¯s a piece of cake , how filling can it be?¡±  she thought, brushing such preposterous thoughts away. The waitress  brought the cheesecake ceremoniously and with a wink and a patronizing pat, left it on the table and busied herself with the arduous task  of filling the giant glasses with sparkling water and a slice of lemon.  The ambrosial aroma of freshly pulverized luscious strawberries blending with the citric tanginess and the curdled creaminess of the cold cheese tingled S¡¯ nostrils and her pleasantly awoken taste buds without fail began their task of salivating. She took in the deliciously beautiful pink, white and brown on the swanky porcelain plate for a minute. Choosing the spoon was a feat of unimaginable controversies. All the high-society spoons made her uncomfortable for they resembled normal spoons in their design and dimensions save one or two tweaks in the whole shape of the spoon; and it looked more like the spoons were mutilated in an uncanny manner rather than made chic to reflect the sophistication of the place. Sighing , she picked the one that seemed closest to the fork family and dug right in.  In her first mouthful, she couldn¡¯t help let out a low moan. It was THAT good. The strawberries were so fresh that it appeared like they were picked right then from the invisible fields behind the ¡°Only Authorized Personnel¡± door and the corporate glass and plastics. The cheese was so creamy that she had to wonder what good deeds she had done over her different lifetimes and merits she had earned from the guy above that such a palatable pleasure was bestowed upon her. The cheese was so rich that she had to wonder what good deeds she had done over different lifetimes and merits she had earned from the guy above that such a palatable pleasure was bestowed upon her. The crust was light as air and the mocking hint of lemon danced lightly between spoonfuls. Her tongue had seen paradise.  The cake actually slipped from her mouth to the foodpipe, it was that flawlessly smooth. For the next few minutes, nothing in the physical world was actually perceivable except the wonderous dessert. Then suddenly her taste buds grumbled. They were saturated with the sweetness, they complained. Come on, S pushed. But she knew she was wearing herself out, she was exhausted from the creaminess of the cheese. Every mouthful introduced a fresh blast of the thin crust and the rich creamy cheese that felt like a blow and knocked her out. She tried everything , drinking sips of ice cold water, making conversation with the people sitting around her, interspersed with a million tongue clicks to free it of the sultry sweetness and the heavy aftertaste. It was impossible. All right, she decided. It¡¯s you against me. The cake smiled back peacefully. She took a deep breath in and downed 3 spoonfuls blindly. Then drank water at once. Whew! She opened her eyes to see that the cake was hardly half done. Oh no! Her colleagues had started their main course already, after soup and starters. And she was still stuck with this royal cake which she had received even before the others¡¯  starters had arrived. It was then when her stomach grunted. ¡°I¡¯m full! Stop stuffing me¡±, it instructed. She knew she had to ,but she couldn¡¯t stop.  She had to finish what she had started. ¡± I cannot be defeated by a cake, and a cheesy one at it.¡± she declared. But she revamped her strategy and decided to tackle it one spoonful at a time, chanting ¡®I can do this¡¯ every time. The cake smiled back ruefully. After an hour, she looked proudly at the pink -white-brown crumbs sticking on the plate. And even though her motor skills were temporarily incapacitated and she couln¡¯t move, she had finished the Colossal Strawberry Daiquiri Cheesecake for good. ¡°Big deal! It¡¯s a piece of cake , how filling can it be?¡± She shook her head and took out her red wallet."golden era What life had got for me was the greatest tension wen i finished my high school. Engineering was for sure but which college was like picking one chocolate out of a 100. I was always in the lost world as to where to go,and who will accept me..hmmmpf finally i'm here in this place which i have hated at times but the place i said hi to real life... The first day of college was a real confusion to me.It was a whole new place with total strangers.But it didn't take time to get to know people. The first day I talked to 2 girls in my class and it was very strange how we became very close in a very short period of time. i was the naughtiest of the 3 and yet both of them were caught always. everybody thought i was the very silent and quiet type..lol...all the teachers thought we were naughtier than the boys(they were actually the silent type though.)Was ragged by seniors,time passed. it was time we had to split to different departments. we had a farewell in the class. We had fun everybody had to do a task. All of them made me do aerobics in class(was quite embarrassing to do it in front of the whole class). Then we entered the second year. life became busy and we saw less of each other. I met new people.it was quite tuff to cope up with new syllabus new teachers, totally new people but as we got to know each other it was fun. exams, symposiums,friends...i really donno if time flew or i lost track of it.. Now i am in the final year and i really miss college and hostel when i go home. i always wait to come back. i find it really strange how these people totally unknown to me became a very special part of my life. All these days were fun filled totally. Who will know what sorrows are when u have friends like mine.It is very hard for to believe that there are only six months for the golden moments. no more last benches, no more bunking classes, no more canteen, no more teasing,no more birthday treats,no more commenting on teachers. Just can't explain how much fun all this was. amidst all these there were petty fights, after which we kept our egos at bay and hugged each other and cried. all of us had a shoulder and ear to lend for each other always. Hey guys who have influenced my life so much this is for you.... Thanx for being with me in sun and storm... every little thing you do means a lot to me. And yes i will miss all of you and all of this when i am graduated. tears fill my eyes when i even think of the day.There is so much u have taught me.dedicated to all my frens:preethi , abirami & anusha - the people who taught me to stay cool. life is short enjoy life to the max.sharmila,subashree, viji,krithika,Ramya,Aarathi -people who taught me that life was practical.Sundari and Surya-two people who make my day by fytng wid me. jus cant stay widout fytng wid them silly fights though..deepika,sirisha,pooja,geethanjali-people who taught me to take life as it comes.ravi-the person who never lets me down,always keeps me cheerful.and there are other people who have influenced me. they are too many to pen.hey guys the amount of encouragement and support you have given me is what makes me feel the way i am today. Its you people along with my family who have stood by me as a strong support during my hard times... Thanx once again and love you all.""Stuck in Legal Marketing Limbo? Here are Answers.Imagine the scene ÿ members of the law firm¡¯s Executive Committee sitting around a conference table, unable to reach agreement on which legal marketing programs to implement. There are so many choices now, from Google AdWords to Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and other forms of social media. Legal marketing used to be simple. The Yellow Pages served as a leading advertising channel for personal injury attorneys, while a basic website and nice brochure met the marketing needs of most plaintiff or defense law firms. Add in a strong referral network, and the average law firm of 20 years ago was able to keep the phones ringing without too much work. How times have changed! Effective legal marketing now involves many specialists, from search engine optimizers to video technicians and website analytics experts. Of course, you still need copywriters, graphic designers, and event coordinators. Today¡¯s competitive marketplace frequently delivers business to the law firms that can master marketing, rather than the best law firms. Does all this sound familiar? Avoid Inaction in the Face of UncertaintyConfusion is a common response I see among lawyers struggling to select the best marketing approach. A natural tendency under these circumstances is for the law firm to either do nothing, or to continue with the same tired marketing techniques that deliver unsatisfactory results. Marketing your law firm is a critical issue, and the economic downturn has left many firms scrambling to fill their pipeline. There is no time to wait. The good news is that there is a silver lining in the rapid changes of technology and promotional techniques. Let the Market Guide your Promotional CampaignsRather than fighting with your law partners over who has the best marketing ideas, turn to the marketplace for answers. Marketing is both art and science, where only actual response rates can truly determine the best promotional campaigns for your law firm. Develop a plan to systematically test new or modified marketing strategies, keeping those that work and discarding the rest. Internet marketing offers an unprecedented ability to monitor campaign performance on an almost real-time basis, so you will be able to compare response rates and client acquisition costs across multiple promotions. Smart Choices in Budget AllocationsYour marketing budget should be spread across an integrated set of marketing channels (i.e., Internet, sponsorships, events, and advertising) and scheduled against a written timeline with specific goals. Remember that current clients are your best source of new revenue, so be sure to earmark funds for client retention. Take advantage also of the many free or low cost legal directories offered by firms like Avvo, Justia and HG.org to easily increase your online visibility. Remember, never stop marketing! The author invites your questions and comments. You can reach her at 1-866-417-7025"Jeeves wouldnt eat on time. He wont play with me. He spent all his time with that big black dog. Things were working out well for both of them until Jeeves's girl started seeing someone else . A big light brown handsome dog. Jeeves was furious and ended up fighting with that dog all the time. It took sometime for Jeeves to get over the pain of losing his love. ( Seriously LOL.. How much drama involved in a dog's life! ) Anyways he is happy with his new girl now :) With the passage of time i observed too many changes in Jeeves' behaviour . He grew from a mature , poised dog into a naughty and playful dog. ( How cool is that!) He plays like a kid. Drags doormats , hides under the bed , chases cats around (that is so like a dog) and so on . He used to be this BIG foodie who lived for eating and all of sudden he became damn stubborn and choosy. He acquired a habit of running away from food and i had to follow him all the way to make him eat. Whew! that was a quite a chase!!" And luckily I did not use plurals to describe them both. Or I would have died from an alcohol overdose. HAHAHAHA - okay, not funny actually. Ahem.Yesterday, 5th of March, 2 days post-birthday: Colleagues JA, Ivn, Rchd, LJS and CK conspired to intoxicate me to the extent I start dancing on poles. KR was designated 'drive P-chan home once she is drunk'.BUT ahaha. I did not dance on poles. In fact, I am frickin' good at drinking. I WAS drunk, yes, make no mistake. And I did puke, yes, make no mistake.BUT I WAS IN CONTROL. Muahahahaha.So now I sit before my laptop, feeling kinda heady and giddy and sleepy. As I sms-ed my colleague, I am no worse for wear - the hangover is not so much a hangover as it is a kind of loopy feeling. Which is kind of unpleasant but not unbearable.BUT by God's good name. NEVER AGAIN. I solemnly vow to not touch beer for AT LEAST A MONTH. Serious. I've had enough alcohol to last me for at least ten years.So here is what happened. (Pictures are terrible, but it was very dark.)""bangalore trip feb 20-23 - I went to Bangalore to meet friends.. let me say i rather started to meet a friend whom i m longing to see for the past so many years.. a really valuable friend of mine but missing every time.... but rather this time i made it.. went to mcD's as soon as i got down my bus :P... trip on the whole was really beautiful and as usual over budget :P... planned for a day and made it 3 days.. had real fun... have seen leader thrice :P.. its rather another movie of sekhar kammula genre.. neatly woven.. heroine s amazing... rana looks handsome... a single beautiful dialog has covered the expressionless action of rana... cant expect more frm d first movie frm his part.. background music in d movie s super cool... some dialogs r so captivating.. n i appreciate sekhar's guts in showing the movie to the present day politicians where he has directly shown up the corruption in politicians... had a day out wid my school friends.. away frm gtalk n laptop after a long time for the whole 4 days.. journey one way was great and the other i slept like a log.. had a good time wit my bro and an open talk about lots of general stuff... i dont rem leavin my lap even for a day in d past 3 years... kids are really fun stuff i think i m nt as anti as i think to d kids.. :P...P.S.:1. WANNA HAV ANOTHER TRIP TO CHENNAI AS SOON AS POSSIBLE...2. HAVE TO WATCH LEADER AGAIN ATLEAST FOR THAT BACKGROUND MUSIC AND RANA IN THE THEATRE HOPE IT LL MAKE A GOOD NUMBER OF DAYS AT THEATRES.. 3. I M NT GONNA WASTE ANY DAY OF MY LIFE FRM NW TILL MAY 21st. :P"If you have one of these A-Frame studio easels you are also probably familiar with the tendency for the easel tray/support to wobble when you are painting. For years I tried all kinds of fixes, putting in way too much thought and creativity into something that continued to frustrate me. And then came an idea so easy a caveman could have thought of it: I used wood shims. Now it's easy to adjust my height and get a stable work support each time. Duh... For years I had been working on a 12 x 16 glass palette. It fit nicely in my work area and I had an old cookie sheet that I inverted over the wet paint to retard drying. Then I discovered a large piece of glass packed in with some old sketches and decided - why not? It's 18 x 28 (probably came from an old watercolor). I cut a piece of medium gray mat board to size and taped the glass and mat together with painter's tape. I could not believe the difference this made. I was so afraid it was too large and I would hate it - but quite the opposite.A few weeks ago Bonnie, the more exciteable of the two puppies, charged at me in all her enthusiasm and bashed me in the nose. It bloody hurt. Enough that for the past few weeks I have been taking pain killers and nursing a very sore and tender nose. However, me being me, I thought, "it can't possibly be Bonnie's fault" and so I decided I had sinusitis! Stop laughing at the back.  Having never had it before I scoured the Internet for symptoms of which pretty much boiled down to the ones I had. Except today I couldn't stand it any longer and thought it best to see the doctor. So off I trudged, to his little TARDIS in the next village, and let him have a right good look up my hooter. Prodding and pressing, feeling and caressing, asking me about snot and things on my hankie, he confirmed that my sinuses are absolutely fine. "Have you knocked it recently?" he asked. "Oh, well one of my puppies did a bit since," I answered.  Some more feeling took place before he gave his final diagnosis. "You've broken your nose," he said. He explained how the bones and bits inside work and everything started making sense. " Sleep - I've missed youThe past few weeks have been a little crazy with our little guy. For some reason he all of a sudden decided to loathe going to bed. He used to be so easy to put down. Give him his pacifier - he starts playing with his hair - and zonk. He's out.Well he started refusing his pacifier, which I at first thought was great because I didn't want him to have it forever anyway. But then a few days later he started with this bed-hating thing and that has been going on for quite some time now. We decided it was time to just let him cry it out. We've never really had to decide whether or not to let him cry it out because nap time and bed time had never been an issue before, but things changed and we knew he needed to learn to go to sleep and stay asleep by himself.So...long story short, I've heard a LOT of crying in the past couple weeks but we're finally about there. The past 3-4 nights he's gone to bed at night with less than a minute or two of crying and he's stayed asleep until about 5 am, at which point I feed him and he goes back to bed until about 7 - 7:30. I don't think he's quite ready for all night yet, but we are making progress! We're still figuring out nap time, but we seem to be getting back on track there too - much less crying, much more sleeping.It's just crazy how all of sudden he can change like that. Of course it always happens right as things are going well and stabilizing. I even took him to the doctor last week. We just didn't seem to be making any progress and I wanted to make sure nothing was wrong with him (I would've felt really bad about making him cry it out if he had an ear infection or something). But, nothing was wrong. I think it was just a combination of teething, growing, wanting our constant attention, and going through some new developments - crawling, standing, etc.So anyway, this week has been much happier. He wakes up happy now and is much happier during the day too. Babies really do need their sleep and they get pretty miserable when the don't get it. (By the way - he hasn't ever had his pacifier again, so I guess that's good. Some days I miss it, especially at nap time, but I'm glad it's gone).On another note, we've been enjoying some amazing weather! Eli and I have spent a lot of time outside and it has been wonderful. We go on walks, go to the playground nearby and watch the bigger kids play, sit on the lawn, and eat grass and dirt - oh wait, that's just Eli. Anyway, he's a cutie. I bought him a new toy last week at Kid to Kid (have you ever been there? It's second hand stuff, but it's in great condition). Most of his toys are hand-me-downs (I think I've only ever bought him one other toy; poor kid) and he was getting pretty sick of them , so we picked up this cool ""new"" toy last week (along with a really cute pair of shoes). He really likes it and it holds his attention for more than 10 seconds. Woohoo!So that's probably why my blogging has suffered a bit lately. We've all been tired and cranky, but we're coming out of the fog now. Hooray! It sure feels good to sleep. It's been a long time since I've slept all night, so even though he's not making it all the way until 7, he's doing a lot better than he was, and I sure feel a difference. So that's what's new!We have some exciting things coming up. Jeremy's brother is coming in town this weekend and he and his fiancee are coming for dinner on Saturday. Then my mom comes into town on Monday and my sister Amy and her 4 kids come into town on Wednesday! It'll be an adventure! We're excited.Oh, and Happy St. Patrick's Day (whatever - not a holiday I get excited about) and sorry this is the longest post ever...POSTED BY SARAH AT 2:14 PM 4 COMMENTSThank you!Thank you everyone for your comments/suggestions on car seats and food. It was very much appreciated and Eli is enjoying many new foods lately and is eating a TON (growth spurt? yes). We still need to find a car seat (we haven't really gone shopping yet) but I've been looking online at ones you have suggested, so thanks! I plan on blogging more and putting up pictures later today or tomorrow, but for now, that's all! Thanks again."" When did I eat algae?I swear to you, about all I have accomplished lately with any regularity is being sick. Straight up, pukey, green, gross, sick to my stomach. I feel like I ate algae - even though I'm not entirely sure it would make me feel this sick to eat algae, It's an educated guess.I'm supposed to go to Arizona this week for another Midlife Road Trip adventure. Because of this general state of putrid pukiness, I'm starting to be concerned. What if I am inclined to want to puke off the side of the hot air balloon or throw up when I am  rock climbing or shooting a big ass gun in the desert? I don't care how good the editor is, you can't make vomiting look good.That's why in the 50's Colonel Tom would yell, ""Chew it back, Elvis,"" and then he would.I found out today I am not flying this trip but instead am driving all the mother trucking way there with two of the Midlife Road Trip crew - JD (Executive Producer~ left) & the one known only in this country as The Dude (camera god ~ right). Why I'm driving and not in an airplane this time is a long story that's not interesting in the least. All you need to know is that it's entirely OK to feel sorry for me.In fact, I wish you would start right this minute.I'm an excellent car-tripper. Love it. That's not really the issue. What is getting all up in my business is that me and my algae stomach are going to be trapped on four wheels with two men who will probably spend the whole trip talking about three things that will make me want to spew even more:Sports (football, baseball, basketball & synchronized pudding wrestling.)Women (tall ones, short ones, young ones, young ones, young ones, young ones.)Gross things they have at one time or another thrown up after drinking too much. (Roasted lamb intestines, Doritos they found in their foot locker from college, and for reasons I'm sure I never want to know, an entire package of pink erasers.)Dammit. I just made myself feel even worse. I think I am about to burp a green bubble. "" Drunk Girls Yesterday the fine people at Red Stripe sent me a case of their finest imported Jamaican beer. So I brought it home, called my friend Andy, and invited him over to enjoy the lager before heading out to meet up with Brian for some Kareoke at Lolita Tavern. Andy came over with his med school friend Jared. We sat around drinking, smoking, and talking about the Olsen Twins. Jared's family is born-again Christian and I learned that he kept Kosher and celebrates Passover. Like me, he thinks that Hannukah isn't as important of a holiday as the media would like us to think. Whatever, the festival of lights was important, but in the grand scheme of things, the holiday gets more attention than it should because it falls in the same month of Christmas. I think that in my 23 years of living, I got about 3 gifts on Hannukah, and it was all coincedental because my mom just likes to shop. Last weekend she bought me a new comforter and Ralph Lauren sheets... but only because she loves to shop, not because she was posing as Hannukah Harry. Anyway... on to the important stuff: After the three of us had a few drinks we headed over to Lolita Tavern to meet up with Brian and participate in some Sid and Buddy Kareoke. [By the way, i think S&B will be hosting the Aquarius Birthday Kareoke Bash that i'm having with Laura and Dan -- everyone is invited, of course]. Good times as usual. Jared joined me on stage to sing ""Ziggy Stardust"" ... I tried to serenade a drunk girl who was passed out, but even my off-key singing didnt wake her. So everyone posed with her. Eventually I woke her up (which took a lot of shaking, prodding, etc), helped her up, and told her that she had to go. Andy brought her some water, she drank it and ran out. We tried to find her to put her in a taxi, but she literally disappeared into the night. Vanished.    0 different opinions from people other than me 12/22/2003 06:11:00 PM erratically written by Ultragrrrl  Dear The Flu Dear The Flu, Thanks for coming just in time for the holiday party season. I know that you and God had to do it to prevent me from drinking too much and dying from alcohol posioning at the holiday party. That's cool. I can live with that. Instead I sat in bed thinking that all i needed were drops of zinc to cure me until I woke up on friday afternoon and texted Lizzy to come into my room to see if I had a fever since I couldn't move. Determining that I was burning up, she brought me some NyQuil and Orange Juice. Then Damon came over to give me Theraflu. At about 2am, Marc jumped into my bed and found me heating up and sweaty. The next morning I woke up healthy! See ya next year! Love, Sarah.""MEN""O""PAUSE - Just don't freak out its just not another biology lecture. Not even the agony aunt section nether i am trying to tell you the psychological and vital stats of middle aged women... ( I know the title will force you to think so)"" Aurat ko pav ki jhooti samajhna chod do""(Its a dialog from some yesteryear movie)Yes indeed I am talking about our very much prevalent ""PATRIARCHAL SOCIETY"" male dominance, power and superiority complex. It all started to monitor families more over it was about the family tree that followed which is why the oldest male member had the power to take major decisions to make life simple and methodical. Rules were different for different families. Its basic objective was to follow a routine and have discipline in life.But as lifestyle got more pacey homo sapiens, typical to there behavior are champions in escaping things. Like the rituals nowadays have become more simplistic even more are celebrated twice in just one year! Moreover this modifying trend and escapist behaviors is now seen everywhere even in are daily mundane chores. This is what we women have been the victim of ...First place a woman is a symbol of power, force,love and affection. We worship her in many forms like 'Durga', 'Kali' , even when we want wealth and prosperity its Goddess 'Laxmi' whose worshiped before Lord 'Kuber comes in the picture. Then why do have such hypocritical society with double standards, where at one place we give her status of the Almighty and also keep the odacity to harass, abuse and molest her.I might not be the one give the absolute decision, neither have I researched enough but I chose to speak my mind with perception and knowledge of my own. Patriarchal Society was just pictured and coined not to objectify women or manhandle them. It was just to protect them and allow them to do chores suited for them not because they are weak, but its a proven fact that physically they are not meant to do certain things. As men they are totally misinterpreted it and we have purda-system, female fetuscide and infanticide.Many conventional writers will freak out at the boldness of my statement but I think its time to say it and face it. other than eve's teasing, lecherous gaze,just being felt in public are the most humiliating experiences experienced by almost every women. But whats most humiliating is when that same women whose your mother, wife and sister is completely shunned for five days of the month.( Its just a situation I am mentioning have been among the luckiest one by not facing it) Now my logic to it is that those five days are for her to rest even the body purges itself. Its like giving her a small vacation from her daily chores. But again the theory of misinterpretation comes in, we absolutely shun her to be in complete isolation not even allowed to worship, why would God have a problem with it when he himself created it. :)One more dominant characteristic of this kind of society is they die for a son to carry on the lineage and the heir to the property. The most hilarious concept I have ever understood. What will the son do with the million and zillion of sperms when he will not the a women to bore it. After God its the immortal women are the ones who gives life and birth and ironically still seen as the fairer sex or the suppressed one.So men 'o' pause and together with the support of both the genders we can practice equality and not just talk equality."" I LOVE to read and I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE books. So much so that my entire career has been about selling books!I started off selling Bibles at the Bible Society Bookshop that used to be on Bathurst St in the city. Let's just say that working in the city wasn't dull, even in a bible shop!, then went from there to managing a particular chains bookstores(I decline to name the chain on this blog), an interesting experience in itself, and what lead to my burn-out at only age 25 in the retail industry! Never again, unless I OWN the shop.Which leads me to my current position as Special Sales Manager for a book importer and distributor. Special Sales basically covers any stores that want to sell books to compliment their existing range of goods. I sell to everyone, from military enthusiasts, to auto nuts, crafters, woodworkers, hobbyists, miniature dolls house makers, sex shops, dvd shops, dog schools, antique stores, equestrian shops...you name em, we sell to em. It's a pretty interesting job and pretty full-on at the moment since the former Special Sales Manager left to have her baby and decided not to come back. Still waiting for someone to replace me...until then I do it all!"" A Commercial Break: Whole Foods and AustraliaMarch 04, 2010I received a press release yesterday from Whole Foods about a promotion they're doing with Australia.+'In just the past few years, Australia has earned a solid reputation for producing some of the finest varietals in the world. Whole Foods Market will be taking shoppers on a wine 'walkabout' starting today and running through May 5th, highlighting the value and quality of Australian wines with selections from Australia's diverse wine-growing regions.From an organically grown Chardonnay and a spritzy, bright, aromatic Verdelho-Viognier blend to a dark chocolate cherry Pinot Noir and the continent's best Cabernet Sauvignon, we will have styles for everyone.'+Like many others in the wine world, I've been puzzled by Whole Food's lack of commitment to the natural wine world, as if what goes into wine is not as important as what goes into food. Okay, it's not. Food is nourishment of another kind, but if WF is going to get into the wine biz, shouldn't they have some principles?So, I wrote a letter. It was strong, hard-nosed, I didn't sugar coat. Perhaps I should have but the gist was basically==shouldn't Whole Foods step up to the plate?I'll share the response I received.Alice,Thank you for the interest and input. We are confident that the products we support meet our quality standards and our support of family wine making traditions in Australia. Additionally, we feel great about promoting a wine trade devastated by fires a year ago.AshleyDuly noted. And duly noted that there was nothing about the fires in her press release.The fires of February 2009 were awful. There were too many deaths. Per reportage in the Wine Spectator in May, 2009, over 200. Yarra Yarra was destroyed. Roundstone was destroyed and about 5 % if the Yarra Valley vineyards were affected. But it is anticipated that the vineyards will come back over the next couple of years.++I trust Ashley did some quick spin on this, as there was nothing about fires in the release. Never the less, am happy for WF's charitable attitude, but why not showcase some of the rare organic wines from the area? Or also sponsor a natural wine week? Or learn the differences in certification?I didn't mean for this to turn into an editorial, but I'm staring out my window with Detroit in the distance, hoping there are no bed bugs in that bed behind me, and it just came on.""H1N1-Popularly known as Swine  Its weird the kind of 'Publicity' these pigs r getting these days (No Offense..Swine being piggy)..no but seriously...this disease..it has a technical name (school ka naam) H1N1 2009 and also a pet name (Ghar ka naam...bole to pyar wala) Swine Flu :-D that is funny :):) Heeheehee..my PJ sense is improving..am I proud of that or what ;-)No but on a serious note, I wasnt too sure that the situation actually is so grave..not until I learnt that a kid from my school (Can't get over the fact that I have left it ages back now, still have the connections there!!) has caught on the virus..this is real, as are the 'precautionary advices' coming from all sources..esp from home...let me pass on a few...esp when people are so closely following the whole thing..with the PMO officially saying that they would follow the Swine Flu cases on a daily basis!* Stay away from crowded places: Please shut the offices for sometime and give everyone paid holidays! *Stay away from firangs/Desi Firangs: Firangs categorising the originals and desi Firangs the 'I am an Indian with an American Passport'*Use Tissues and NOT cotton 'Hanky':Am sure all the 'Ba's and Parvati's' are in for a shock!A few more.. But I guess, I just love this 1:*Cover your nose/mouth, as you sneeze/cough: Get your basic etiquettes right boss and there will be no more swine :DLong live pigs...and Humans...in a 'virus free' world :)P.S: Jokes apart, it is a grave situations and we must all take the precautions..Just take care!""The END?? but how? -  When i first gave a thought for my second post... my ideas mapped to a world of possibilities continuing ad infinitum. So right they say ""A finite world with infinite possibilities""....The world has become so finite that its very end is being speculated by infinite possibilities.By now u must have rightly guessed(..aha that was easy!) what im talking about... ya ... the ""End of the world"" or the ""Doomsday"" or the ""Apocalypse"" or watever zillion names it has... the most intriguing, controversial, happening topic in recent times. I initially became aware of such thing some 3 yrs ago through a friend. Back then, it was hardly 1 or 2 possibilities i knew of... the main one being the collision of earth with some Planet X(also called the Nibiru). As time passed by, some websites and the media realised the immense potential of this topic with the amount of curiousity it generated in people and started fuelling their content with fabricated rumours, misinterpreted facts and incomplete analysis of events. The result? An amazing increase in the number of hits - a chance for these people to cash in. The effect? The already insecure people to buy in all the stuff and become more insecure.My knowledge till few days back was limited to little awareness of certain prophecies and celestial events that i gained through mail fwds ,occasional browsing and discussion with friends(especially during exam time ;)) about the topic. With that incomplete knowledge, it was easy for certain people to almost come to a conclusion that 'the world is coming to an end'(""A little knowledge is a dangerous thing"" applies right here) though not me, i was trying to be optimistic( arey sirf 20% life ko jiyi ab thak...poori 80% baki padi hain! :P ;) ). Then, i started kind of getting deep into this stuff( atleast to write something substantial in my blog :P) . From one wiki article to another, from that wesbite to this website, from this video to that video... my god! the amount of space they occupy in the internet area is truly mind boggling and so is the content!A liitle research into the topic n u can know that the date, the doomsday 'Dec 21, 2012' was very cleverly chosen. It almost coincides with the end of 'Mayan Calender'. But is it really an end? The Maya, a pre-Columbian civilization well known for their religious and spiritual culture, was also noted for its developed art ,architecture, mathematical and astronomical systems. Their concept of time was different from us. They developed 3 calenders and the last one called the 'Long Count Calender' is used to calculate longer periods of time. The Mayans are particularly fascinated by cycles and this calender worked around various cycles of time from lower order to higher order. The doomsday is simply the end of 13th b'ak'tun, a higher order cycle.There was no much evidence that it points to the end of the world. ""The higher b'ak'tuns are yet to come"" say some notable Mayan researchers. .Now y did they chose to end the cycle on that day?  Well as i told Mayans are religious and spiritual people. They celebrated certain celestial events with end of cycles... for them it was a change influenced by one cycle on another... the beginning of a new era. So,wat important celestial event is to take place at that tym...?Well folks, even im beginnin to realise the immense potential of this topic! ;) ... looks like its gonna go for pages(n may be a book :P) . Im gonna take a break( n u 2 ...huh wat a relief! :P) for now... n continue it in my next post... till then have fun! live more! n get more curious! :P"" The Spice RackSome people collect spices as souvenirs of their travels, with exotic specimens indexed and stored in pristine condition like inventories from archeological digs. Others deck out their kitchens like pharmacological laboratories, with powders, plants, and roots displayed in glass jars.  Some tuck theirs into a special box and dig through when they need them. Some people like mixes and rubs, and fix up a big batch every now and then. Many fabulous cooks I know keep a special coffee grinder reserved for spices. Every cook's spice collection reflects their favorite kind of cooking. Food enthusiasts can compile enormous collections that can go stale if they're not careful. How's your spice rack doing, by the way?Spices don't last forever. They should be purchased in reasonable amounts and replenished often. In taking my kitchen cure, I am replacing old with fresh.  Since we're not millionaires, I have to approach this with reason and a dose of parsimony. But that does not stop me from feeling great about the possibilities for my spice rack at the moment.The first task is to take out my kitchen notebook and list the spices in my favorite recipes. Repeat appearances will make the list, and if I am planning a dish anytime in the future, I'll mark whatever I need as well.Second, browse through the cookbooks for the international cooking I love most. I think the best thing, in building my spice rack up again, will be the opportunity to make a list of new recipes to try and take on some that I realistically would like to add to my cooking repertoire.Third, rely on my friends. My friend Francine, for instance, comes from the West Indies and has a stash of freshly dried mace, collected from the nutmeg tree of her aunt, and cinnamon local to her home. I will give her a call and hit her up for some of that!There are also some spices that I have to wait to collect. For example, the anise seed. There is a producer down at the Wednesday night market that harvests wild anise and during a certain window of the year, you can get branches of it laden with the seed. I bought some last year and it was heavenly. The taste was so much better than what you could buy in a shop. So I am going to wait for that.Some spices just have to come from far away places, but many herbs can be grown. I am not very big on store bought dried herbs, and don't keep them much because I don't think the ones that have been ground to a powder, stored, shipped and traded by the metric ton taste as good as the ones you can get fresh from the market or garden and dry or freeze yourself.Which brings me to another project altogether: An herb drying rack - one made specifically for that, which can put an end to my having to fight my way through a tangle of twigs and brambles to get to a spoon to stir my soup with."A recent experience my friends and I had while traveling in a popular weekend train made me realizeÿ the sorry state of affairs that our country operates in. It just somehow runs. My friend lost her purse containing a bit of cash and a lot of cards ? atm cards, corporate travel cards, credit cards during our train journey ? it accidentally fell out of the train- and my two friends and I decided to place a complaint in the Police Station just so that we have a complaint number to block any of the cards, we weren¡¯t anyway expecting them to find her purse ? that would be too much of an ask. Three girls enter the police station at the wee hours of the morning: there¡¯s a lady cop sitting in one of the rooms and two constables ? it¡¯s a dungeon like damp smelling dimly lit place. This is what transpired there."Master-piece  I stare at the canvas in front of me. This large painting sheet in front of me. All filled with colors. Some bright, some dull, some stark and loud, some mellow and somber. Colors carefully put in by me, and some splashed recklessly.   I am breathing hard, at wits end, on a mindless mission to color some more. The parts I like, I touch them not. While feverishly trying to add some sense to the spaces that make me not so happy anymore.And as much as I try, the colors just run, and mix up with others to make all look as one. I gasp for breath and cry for a pause, and then I see the top right corner on the canvas wall.There in the corner was a whiteness I had never seen. Where did that come from, that glossy sheen? Staring at it, such beauty I saw. All innocently and in awe.Oh! it actually was left all alone. Untouched by colors, untouched by me, this little section was the ""Master""-piece."What do you say to them when you realise that whatever you do say might not be understood.  Or will be, more times than not, a waste of time, and will make you feel worse than you probably do already.  Those beautiful malteser eyes stare up at me with huge great tears just bursting with volcanic resemblence, and I am supposed to decide in a split second whether this is an age issue, or one of autistic trait. Last week I lost the plot.  I guess sometimes even mums are allowed to have a tantrum, and that was what I did. The door took most of it, but I must have looked like a mad woman; completely crazed by a child's rudeness.  I couldn't cry.  Tears wouldn't come to the surface even though I was sobbing inside.  I knew having a tantrum in front of my autistic daughter was the worst thing I could have done, and I'm still reliving it seven days later, when she tells me how crazy I was.  But then the inevitable happened; word from elsewhere that Amy had been telling her friends about our little tete-a-tete. "Is it all really for everyone else?Sometimes at University, we discuss about modern society. It's a Journalism course, so we tend to have classes about Sociology, Midia and Antropology as well.And often, there is a moment where I am let to think that everything we do, all the stuff we buy and the way we want our bodies to look is not for us, it is not something only for our good. It is for everyone else.Our personality, what we own and how we look only really means something when the other person notices those things. We live in a society; it's where we interact, share moments, live. And how we are seen by everyone else matters. It really does.We want to feel part of the whole group. The last thing we want is to feel left out. So we behave, buy and aim the same goals in life. We all want a job that will make us all earn good money, we all want to look good.We all want to be accepted.Is that a good thing? Those who go the opposite way tend to be belong to the groups most people wouldn't want to be part of: the poor, the fat, the insane.Is it really like that? I would like to think we are better than that. We want to belong and feel welcome, that is true. But do we really need to consume and feel like the way we look always need improvement?Sometimes, wouldn't you just like to not care?""A Letter to Life! Dear Life,I know you will always do well unless a more treacherous thing than you ditches you. Keep up the game you play every day. The video game of my life is very exciting with each door leading to more pitfalls and just one real door(that is hidden) ;)Wow, you are awesome! you have a different and new game set everyday for each breathing creature alive! I wonder as to how do you do this. Ambidextrous are you and reminds me of Goddess Durga. Are you really her?Would like to know more about your multitasking programs and algorithms written since time unknown. Do let me know. Will keep the secret well hidden! Kudos :)Last but not the least, the list of your fan following is huge. The fans are sort of freaked out in the video games you designed for them so they could not convey their love for you. Some of them are lost in transition through the Bermuda Triangles created in their games by you.With much enthusiam to see much more,LoveNupur (a lover of the video game of my life)"The minute somebody says "desi", what's the first thing that comes to mind? It used to be Indians for me. And I thought it was the same for everybody. Until I met somebody from Pakistan, who had moved here to the US and lived here for quite a few years. She said, "Its so nice to meet desi people!". The association for "desi" people here includes Nepalis and Pakistanis (yet to spot any Sri Lankans)...  And it hit me...  Differences in nationality, religion etc seem so petty when a group stand united to try and help each other settle into a new country. Suddenly, everything going on in the LOC seems like such a waste of precious resources. You learn to look beyond the military battles, beyond the politics, beyond the violence, and get to look into the eyes of a person, who wants peace as badly as you do, and is tired of being told to hate you, just like how you don't want to hate them...  At the end of the day, I just don't have words to describe the bond that keeps us desis here together...  But I sure am glad that love triumphs over hate."The Rest of the Story: AAPS Budget, Part III think I addressed the largest chunk of the budget with my recent post on personnel costs and my post on revenue enhancements, including a look at whether we can increase Medicaid reimbursement. Here are a few other thoughts.1. Efficiencies--Some of the reductions--for instance, finding efficiencies in ESL teaching and other ""split"" positions--seem like they should have been done long ago, if they are feasible. (Which makes me a little suspicious. Are they?)2. Transportation--I've written about my opposition to privatization. There is no reason at all to balance the budget on the backs of the lowest-paid staff in the district. But there were three other transportation issues raised in the budget forums:We should not eliminate Kindergarten midday bussing. That sure would make it hard for working parents to send their kids to district schools, unless they replaced it with full-day kindergarten (which I think probably costs more than the savings). When my oldest started kindergarten, I was considering a private school with a full-day kindergarten, and if I had started him there, and if I was satisfied. . . I doubt the public schools would have seen me for several years.  [At the forum, I was asked by my group's facilitator, ""Well where did your kids go then, at midday, if you were working?"" Answer: to their preschool, where my second child was enrolled all day.]We should be working with AATA. For my high school-aged kids, the walk to the AATA bus route is not any further for us than the walk to the AAPS bus stop, and it doesn't take any longer to get to school. I think many routes could be eliminated for high school students, if we can make it easy. UM students just show their student IDs. Can't high school students do the same thing? Then we would only need to bus those kids who are not reached by AATA.I question expanding the walk zone to two miles. It may come to this, but I'm not a big fan of my daughter walking two miles in the dark in a Michigan winter. I don't want my kids to have to drive to school. I don't want to encourage the culture of driving everywhere, and in any case, cars are expensive.3. Reducing high school noon hour staff. This seems impractical, if Pioneer and Huron are closing their campuses at lunch time, even to upper class students.  4. Reducing substitute expenses--can we do more? I understand this refers to changing the scheduling of professional meetings that take teachers out of classes, and that might be fine. In addition, though, I recently read a study that assessed teacher absenteeism. I have no idea if it is high or low in Ann Arbor, but probably that should be assessed--and if it is high, maybe there is a way to make it lower. I have also wondered if it would be less expensive to assign a building substitute in each elementary school building (and more in the middle/high schools). 5. Reducing administrators--can we do more? It is convenient for the district that Maggie Jewett and Michael White are both leaving high school principal positions, and it makes it easy to propose reducing one class principal at Huron and Pioneer. For mid-year reductions, it makes sense to stop there. But for next year, I believe that we could get by with 1 principal and 2 assistant principals at each high school. Before Skyline was established, there were 5 at each high school (or 10 total). Rather than saying that we now need 4 at each high school (for a total of 12), why not say that we can get by with 9? I'll bet that it can even be done by attrition. And is it possible that some of the higher-level departments can be consolidated, thus allowing us to eliminate some management positions?6. The high school cops. Susan Baskett raised this issue as a question at the budget forum I attended. Do we need them? I will add my confusion about them: What are they there for? What do they do? Can we do it for less? I don't know the entire costs, but I do often see an empty police car, just sitting there, even late at night, at Skyline, and it seems like a waste to me.""Every time I lose a phone (this happens a lot to me), I go through this immense confusion when deciding on the next one.  These are my usual choices. The good old Nokia basic models ? These are highly functional, dexterous, full of no-nonsense and your trusted friend. Mainly because they are resilient to all kinds of mishandling and continue to serve you faithfully.  They still have your favorite snake games, and let you type SMSes at lightning speed. Of course, they can mean three things about you: either you are super-bogged by too many features and want to keep it simple, or you do not want to move on to newer technology no-matter-what, or just that you can¡¯t afford a high-end phone. Be wary of these judgments and make sure you know your slot.  :) The latest on the menu ? iPhones, Nexus Ones, HTCs and Blackberries of the world. Hmmm. I am not a fan of these phones. Mainly because the features are so many and so distracting that you don¡¯t feel like doing simple things -  like checking your email on your laptop and replying at your own snail-ish and convenient pace, after  giving a thought about how and what to write. I remember, in my primary school, we were taught by our IT teacher that the main advantage of an email is: ¡°An email service doesn¡¯t have the dangling urgency of a telephone call¡±. So why change the way nature (errÿ ) used to work, and get hooked to replying to emails at lightning speed? Why obliviate all those expensive MP3 players, IPods, Cameras and Laptops that you invested in? Use them too fellas! Don¡¯t give it all to your mobile communicating device."Something amazing happened yesterday.  I knew at the beginning of the week that I was nearing the end of my novel, the one I have been writing on and off for the past two years.  The one in which I have fictionalised my own paranormal experiences, seeing them through Camilla's eyes.  I have lived her life, thought her thoughts, created her from my own imagination.  I have felt as if I owned her, as if she answered only to me.  I have visualised actors playing the parts of characters, Martin Shaw as the Reverand Oakley, Robson Green as Michael all verging on a complete fantasy of which I have seen played out before my eyes. But yesterday I realised that I had reached the light which marked the end of my work in progress.  I had said everything that needed to be said, got to the point where stretching out the novel for the sake of length would have been wrong and most likely spoilt the whole effect.  And so I closed the file and finished it.  I haven't typed the words, "The End" because I am sure there will be much to add, and too much to subtract.  I have put my little memory sticks on which the book is saved, into a drawer and locked it."Monday, February 02, 2009Feels like a monthly blog!It dawns on me that it was just about a month ago that I updated this thing! Being in a musical melodrama in addition to work just about did me in! So, the thoughts for today:To have someone change their behavior, the person must THINK differently. This was an idea I heard of about 8 years ago when I listened to Dennis Sparks (National Staff Development Council) speak to the MAS/FPS board during one of our summer retreats. I never forgot his ideas. One of our assignments was to read an online book: ""Designing Effective Professional Development,"" and the ideas hit home then, and they hit home now.So why haven't things changed?I guess I've changed. I've changed jobs (school districts) twice since then, and each time I entered into these new cultures, I first had to assimilate myself into this new ground, before I could start to embark on any change. That is the hardest thing for me right now. Being in my new district merely 6 months, but having ideas that could potentially be employed in an instant, yet knowing that IMPOSING those ideas will not create real change is frustrating. People need to THINK differently. The training that I'm attending during these first two school days in Februrary and two days in March involves increasing skills in ""Coaching for Results."" The idea is to use conversations to stimulate thinking, and to effect change. This kind of thinking is a type that elicits emotion, and allows connections to be made. From this intense emotional change comes change. And it ain't easy, and it isn't timely. But it lasts...and therefore it is important."" Rather than wonder if there had been something lacking or unclear in the discernment process, I bore that sense of unfitness like a shameful wound, blaming myself for being inadequate in one way or another (too introverted, too insecure, too self-centered--you get the idea), all because I believed I was under the holiest of obligations to fulfill the commitment I had made to God, the Church, and a couple hundred assorted parishioners, and everyone else I chose to lump into the picture.What never seemed to enter the conversation and never occurred to me to ask was what kind of holy obligation I owed to myself. And for most of those years I found it hard to affirm, not for others but for myself, that the holiest obligation each of us has (whether understood as being an obligation to God or to the world or simply to ourselves) is to be as fully and wholly and unabashedly ourselves as possible. To express fully and robustly the unique and unrepeatable version of life that we are and that we have been given to embody and to carry forth."The most irritating yet adorable characteristic of Billiken is the way he keeps us up all night with his antics. This incident happened a few weeks back . To complete my usual day , i went to bed and dozed off. I suddenly felt the presence of a living object near me . I felt it . No it wasnt a pillow. I opened my eyes and guess who! Mr. Naughty (Billiken) . I was damn sleepy , i just ignored him and kicked him out of my bed. The next morning i wasnt even sure if Billiken's coming to my room was real or just my crazy dream. I mentioned this to my mom and she was positive that it was my dream , cause "billiken will never walk into our rooms at night". He repeated himself the following night too , but this time i was wide awake. I shoved him away a couple of times , to be exact 6! But he was relentless. Oh! Dash it ! it was already one thirty at night! But he wasnt planning to give up. Later that night , when my dad walked in to check on us , he found Billiken sleeping between my sister and me. Things like this are pardonable once in a while , but not everyday."Saturday, November 07, 2009Missin' MusicMy piano is in a warehouse, but two guitars are leaned up against the wall of my living room. I listen to music, but I haven't played in so long. The strings on my guitars glare at me, and dare me to tune them. I stopped in the music store across from my office, and walked through.""Feel free to try anything you like out..."" the guy running the place said. So I wandered about, and tried a Fender or or two. Wandered out again, and drove home. Looked at my guitars, and tuned one and strummed a bit. Later this evening, I stopped at the Blues Benefit for the Delta County Humane Society. And wow...I sat through some good tunes. I was only there for about an hour and a half, but my toes tapped the whole time. I wish I knew someone who'd come with me...but I don't know anyone here yet that likes that sort of thing, so I went solo. Course, when there's live music, I'm rarely lonely!posted by Michele Burley @ 9:12 PM 0 comments links to this post Thursday, November 05, 2009November 2009I rode my bike on November 1 in Escanaba, MI! The wind ripped into every nearly-open article of clothing I wore...and I wore MANY layers. However, it was sunny, not snowing, and I was a bit stir crazy. So off I went!To be honest, it was the first bike ride I'd taken since moving here a little over a month ago. Biking is a great way to really make sense of neighborhoods, and so as each weekend approached, I thought I'd get the chance to go...but then it would rain, or I'd have to run somewhere. So on Sunday afternoon, I had my big chance. I had great aspirations, and took off toward the lake, but the wind intensified. I coasted as long as I could, and was thankful when it was time to turn around. However, I did it, and it was a pretty good ride. My bike is parked along the side of the wall in the garage...next to the snow shovel. However this weekend is supposed to be warmer than normal, so it might get more road time in a couple of days. Yea!""forgiven not forgotten 2Tamanna sped into the night. She would never have figured out the way to her house, had it not been for years of experience on those roads. Her mind was in an unsettling chaos. Scenes kept flipping in flashes across her mind; most of them carried Ryan as their subject. She felt unrest of the kind, which people felt only when they realised that their worst dreams were coming true. She turned a few corners and finally jammed into the driveway of her private residence. Within moments, she had found her way into her bedroom. She locked herself in and dropped on her bed. The scenes still played and replayed in her head. The touch of his hands on hers lingered. Her deepest desires that she had kept locked away, had been stirred. She could not bear herself to think that all that had taken him was a glance and a simple handshake to break the imaginary wall she had taken seven years to build around herself. She resented herself more than she had ever done before.No one person had ever occupied Ryan¡¯s thoughts completely since his mother¡¯s death fifteen years back, at least not until tonight. He had always been used to being waited upon- the servants who cooked and served his food, the security who held the door open for him, the employees at his office, why, even successful entrepreneurs and big businessmen used to wait upon him. But today, a mere girl, in the infancy of her business career had made him wait upon her even as she drove past with formal courtesies, each of which had resonated with insult. She had attracted his attention in the crowd; all this had only made him want her even more. Want her, not so that he could impose his will on her, want her so that she would bend her will to attune to his. At any point, he would not command her to do anything, but he would reduce her to a position where she would succumb to his wishes without the need of him even expressing those.But the moment he had thought of winning over her, he knew he had fallen into a trap. She had taken complete control of his thoughts and, he realised, very soon his actions too.Inspite of this, he felt alive after a long time. A drive to achieve what he wanted had aroused the force within him. It gave a new sense of life, renewed in its vigour, virile in the challenge it posed.For an instant, he closed his eyes; his face suddenly became solemn and he uttered one single word from his lips ¡°Sorry.¡± And then he drowned himself in thoughts of her, again.""Saga of the Golconda Fort!! ""Everything that goes up comes down"" said someone. The famous saying resonates in my mind each time I visit a fort. There are 2 reasons for it.1) The glory of the once glamorous fort becomes the memories of the bygone days where as the fort is a new example of gloom in the present.2)We climb a fort (panting) and come down (refreshed).The above thoughts revisited me today when I was at Golconda. It is a famous fort in Hyderabad. I visited it with a friend who is a history maniac :) so effortlessly I got to know about the Golconda without a real guide. He told me that he has been to Golconda 6 times before. In one of those times the guides to the fort thought he is a new guide and questioned him......Sometimes knowledge can land you in unforeseen circumstances.It was too hot in Hyderabad today as May is one of the hottest months here. The temperature and the staircase to the fort almost took my breathe. I was panting and my face all red. The brain demanding for more oxygen......Why I chose May to be here and why not some other cooler months...Huh! My dream to save myself was close now as I reached the top of the fort and there was a cold drink shop I can see vaguely. My friend Saptarshi climbed without much effort; would have become a habit.....how can I forget he has been here 6 times already.I sat down and requested him to get cold drink.....Drank...What a relief...Phew! :) After that we saw the whole Hyderabad from above the fort. It was beautiful. After all pain it was worth it. Captured the view in my eyes as we did not take Camera and we came down the fort........and hey I was running down the fort......""I hope you do not want your medical reimbursement tomorrow"" he chuckled.There was a light and sound show in the eve which depicts the complete history of the Golconda fort in the voice of the Big B. We thought to go there before time so that we can get the front seats. Alas! we are late but not too late we got seats in the second row along with a Cat sitting beside me on a chair. I was fumbled when I saw that the cat`s fur, cat`s eyes and the chair colour matched. It was light brown.We two were waiting for the show to begin. Ahead of us was a gang of 5 people from a company and they were waiting for 3 girls who would join them. We never talked to them but since they talked loudly.......so I have ears people. The 3 beauties stepped in and one of them OMG I know her...............or may be I dont.....may be we both do not....or may be just me....""Thanks to orkut"" I smirked and thought. She is the girlfriend of my school senior and I saw her in his photo album.After a long time thinking should I or should I not ask her I decided to ask her....I enquired ""Hi ! Do you know ______? "". I felt her heart pounded and she asked who are you. I was his junior in school and blah blah explanation. I found her good. Good choice senior :)The show began finally.......It was awesome with voice of Amitabh Bachchan as a guide explaning to visitors. In between we had ghazals and bhajans sung by Jagjeet Singh and Kavita Krishnamoorthy(only the audio). The Golconda Fort came back to life with the lights specifying the stories narrated in the background. I could actually imagine the king , the queens, the soldiers, the plots, the plays. I got an Idea these people should include real actors as well to give more realistic images. May be I should send them this idea. All in all the SAGA of the Golconda fort came to an end with Aurangzeb the merciless ruler who destroyed the the prosperous regime of the Golconda empire. What a fantastic day for me! :D I came to know so many stories today. The rocks of the fort have seen them all but they stay calm and quite as ever.We returned the saga was over and now the butterflies of hunger were hurting my stomach. We had prawns and chicken and I came back home after that............and here I am writing down the experience.THE MIGHTY SAGA OF THE GOLCONDA FORT WILL LIVE FOREVER.......as the fort will never die."Living with roommates is a very unique experience. However it is up to you how you go about it. Your house can be like a hotel with different people staying in it, minding their own business, cooking for themselves or it can be a wonderful, funny place. A real home away from home. That happens when you make an effort to connect with your roomies and make it a point to do some things together. My seniors have always managed to cheer me up every time I felt down. Life here for me has been filled with moments of homesickness. Disappointments. Depression. Hunger. Financial crunch... And yet I laugh at most times and bury myself in work at the other times. A bunch of seniors who have helped me out since the day i landed are...  Life is fast right now. I wake up each day and by the time I crash down again, all is a blur. I still can't digest that it has been two whole months since I boarded that flight from Muscat and arrived at Chicago- not knowing a soul here! Life gets tough once in a while but i find myself laughing more than ever thanks to these people :)  As the song goes- its the climb!" The Cavewoman Cometh!By Sara on February 8, 2010 8:38 PM | 4 Comments | No TrackBacksI promise, I swear, I'm going to introduce myself to you.  I wrote it in my head on the drive home and then I got home.  Yup...home..to the sound of Niagara Falls, well okay maybe the Humber River. I admit it.  There are certain times when I really, really wish I had a boyfriend or a husband.  It's not Valentine's Day or on my birthday.  It's not when I'm lying around on a leisurely weekend morning (what the hell is that again??).  It's when something breaks down.  Let me set women's lib back here.  I don't have a clue how things work or how to fix them...and I have no desire in knowing!  I'm brutal!!! My mother could build a radio out of paperclips, some toothpaste and an old Readers Digest or something.  Not me.  Nope. So here were Will and I were a few hours ago.  Hot water pouring out of my hot water heater; sopping into my crappy yet functioning carpet; Will clinging to me because of course I let out a string of profanities when I realized what was happening. I ran over to my next door neighbours, you know to ask her husband how to get the hot water off because of course - I didn't know and it never crosssed my mind that she would know.  But with Jo's support...I figured it out and got the hot water off!   Her husband was probably hiding because in the last two months I've had him try to open the gas tank of my bbq that I thought was stuck when it was actually all the way open; and to try and open my car hood because I couldn't for some reason (neither could he thank GOD).To top it off though - poor Will.  He was not himself when he got home.  We got upstairs and he started to wail and just wanted to lie on top of me and point at things on the tv.  He still wanted to eat something but as soon as that was done, he assumed the position - wailing and clutching at me.  I start to troubleshoot.  Teeth?  Constipated?  Strange alien living in his stomach about to burst forward?  What was it and how can I fix it????  I decide I must get him naked and check him out from top to bottom.  BOTTOM.  His poor bottom.  Red as a firetruck.  A pound of zincofax later and some tylenol and Will is back - dancing and laughing.  CRISIS ADVERTED.  Do I care about how to fix my furnace?  Nope don't give a rats ass.  Do I want a medical degree so I can figure out what's wrong with my boy?? Bring me the text books now.      Oh and now I wait.  Will has gone for a sleepover at his aunt's house and I wait for the contractor who may be here before 11 or may not be.  So...totally...irritating.  Good thing I washed the old hair this morning or I'd be baseball hatting it to work tomorrow.  WOO HOO!  They just called and are coming!!!""Prologue - Colin returns from the groceries store...opens his apartment door...and what does he see?Dignam waiting with a suppressed pistol all geared up for a perfect kill. He raises his pistol and points at Colin.Colin,who takes a moment to register the situation, reacts with ""OK""(accepting it, sort of).Dignam fires...Wat was the reason for Colin's indifferent reaction?1-->He was pissed off with his damn life2-->He thought he deserved (with a sense of guilt) to die...3-->He knows there is no way out of it......................................................okay folks... you can stop scratching your heads now coz this is definitely not some cat compre question! ;PIts the final scene from the movie 'The Departed'(...rings a bell?) and if u haven't watched the movie, i suggest u do (one of Martin Scorsese's best). So, you might wonder, what has it got to do with what im about to write? n what the heck is genoesis?!? (atleast i got you wondering now :P)Well, it all started with one of those regular ""debates""(u can substitute ""combats"" :P)with a friend of mine. Being big time movie analysers(what to do...gotta find some work! ;P), we were arguing about Matt Damon's(Colin's) reaction in the final scene of the movie . ""Colin accepted his fate with remorse(ready to die) for all that he has done n happened..."" was my fren's side of the argument..in contrast to mine that he(Colin) accepted his fate coz he knows thers no escape under the circumstance. Each of us tried to convince the other but only in vain.The argument, of course ended up with no conclusion..Now you may have your own version(i wonder what the original version is if there is one) of this depending on what you infer and all of us may feel correct at our own reasons . The reasons which are the psychological result of learning and perception ....the perception of one's mind which involves one's life in the making.. n life which varies from person to person(deep huh?). This very insight gives an insight into how distinct the psychology of a homosapien can be from a  fellow homosapien..So, here i am, coming up with the name GENOESIS(GEet(a)+ NOESIS)...unique n me, on a journey...where im not only the player, exploring and exploiting the 'noesis' part of me, but also a spectator just watching the way it leads to."" Possums Will Eat Anything. I'm in such a weird place in my life right now. I'd love to say I'm at a crossroads, but that implies I have some very clear direction to either side of me and that's not the case. I'm more inclined to want to say I'm at a roundabout.I can choose to make an exit at some point in the circle and see how that works for me or I can keep going round and round and round.At the moment, let's just say I feel sort of dizzy. As I write, I'm at my daughter's house sitting in the baby's room. I should specify there is no actual baby in this room yet. He is currently living at 100 SW. Uterus with an estimated arrival date of July 3. He's a pistol, this one. Kitten's tiny 5'2"" body has had a heck of a time trying to accommodate this fella. Today we found out she has hydronephrosis, which is no damn fun. She's in pain and she pees roughly every 1.3 seconds.I made her banana pudding - cause that's what Southern mommas do when they don't know what else to do. I took her to IHOP and bought her a man-sized breakfast at 3 in the afternoon. When the waitress asked ""bacon or sausage"" Kitten said ""BOTH!"" I just drank my coffee, ate my French Toast and tried to keep my fingers away from the consumption zone.The only other time I've ever heard noises like I heard coming from my baby girl was when I was married to my second husband living large in rural Hell and I found a possum eating something one of the farm cat's had thrown up.You're welcome.Right now, at this very moment, I can hear Kitten & Dog (my son) laughing hysterically from the other room. They each have such distinct laughs, but they share an insane sense of humor, which I like to believe they got at least in part, from me. I adore them so much. They know I love them, of course. I'm just not sure they understand I'd totally make them banana pudding for breakfast from now until forever if it made them happy. That's probably a good thing. So round and round I continue go. But right now, in this blue room, listening to the most beautiful sound on Earth, it's OK. I'm OK.I may even try it with my eyes closed.  "A Walk to Remember - When i started my Blog I swore to myself  I wouldn¡¯t write a review for a movie ever..ever..  I broke that promise todayÿShit!  Anyway while my conscience in in remission,I might as well talk about this movie and mind you ..The book too..  I read ¡°A walk to remember¡± by Nicholas Sparks when i was in 11th gradeÿNow being the typical die hard romantic that i am ,I absolutely loved this bookÿFor me there exist very few books that move me ÿemotionally..  I cried while reading this bookÿnot many people can do that to youÿI must say stirring emotions on celluloid is comparatively easierÿ.  By far I have seen very few movies that  have perfectly adapted a bookÿ For all those LOTR fans,they would agree the movie  adaptation was one of the best(though i can¡¯t comment as i haven¡¯t read the book..I knowÿShame on me..!)  I also remember reading ¡°Man,Woman and child¡± by Eric Segalÿlater realizing the storyline was used in tons of movies in various languagesÿ(remember ¡°masoom¡±??)  ¡°A walk to remember¡± too was beautifully adaptedÿ  Even After watching the movie more than 10  times now..i always cry ..  By far one of my favorite movies..  watch the movie for the book,for Nicholas Sparks ,Mandy Moore and of course for Shane west!!!  :)The last working day of last week turned out to be a rather bareÿ oops I mean sourÿ Hey I can actually say bare considering the fact that I realized the hard way how difficult it is being bare-foot in a country like ours. It was around 6:15 Friday evening. I usually have this devilish pleasure in getting up from my place only after 6: 25 for the 6 30 bus , fleeing down the stairs and catching the bus right in the nick of time but yesterday by some strange coincidence I decided to get up at 6 17 itself. I bade my good bye and made a balle-ish turn when suddenly SNAPP! The thin black strap of my even thinner black sandal had decided to popp out of its holder and leave me one slipper less. Oh no! wat to I do now??!! was my immediate reaction. Nothing much considering the fact there was noo way I could get another pair of slippers in an 8000 strong office built in some god forsaken place off city limits unless it rained shoes or I shamelessly stole it from one of my sweet colleagues. " When March comes in like a lamb it goes out like a lion. I am not looking foward to the lion part, but we are enjoying the lamb days. After the worst winter in recorded history, literally, we are grateful that a taste of spring has arrived. One of the benefits of living with another stay at home mom is the babysitting trade. This particular morning my sister had taken three of the kids down to the creek while I had some downtime (which included a 20 minute nap). Then I took 3 kids to the park while she had some quiet time. We took Lucy's tea set and had a tea party with snacks before they hit the equipment.Some of those kids logged 5 hours of outside time that day! Forecast for the next 4 days, rain! How does that saying go, spring showers bring...?Posted by Mimi Nowland at 5:30 PM 3 commentsWEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 2010Strange CompetitionsWhat is the strangest competition you have ever been involved in? BE HONEST!! I will tell you one of mine, my family was competing to see who could have the lowest blood pressure. A while ago I was put on some new medication for my blood pressure and in order to monitor the medication's effectiveness I was to take my blood pressure often. I left the cuff downstairs for easy access (I try to minimize trips up the stairs). One day I was checking it while everyone was sitting around the table and my family wanted to know my numbers. You might be thinking, ah how sweet, they were concerned about me. Well you would be wrong, they just wanted to know what numbers they had to beat! My sister, my mother, my dad, my husband, and my brother all had to have a turn. You probably want to know the scores, well...I lost, even on medication I had the highest score (not a good thing with blood pressure). I love my family even if they do come up with some wacky competitions. Your turn!""looking backÿ  It's been a year since my life changed for the better...since i joined Art of living...Life has never been the same...Life has been a celebration ever since...I did my basic course last May.Still remember the last day of the course.it was drizzling whn i was returning home.I kept singing 'Jai jai radha raman' on may back...the raindrops falling on my face...the world never seemed more beautiful!!! The very next month i was lucky enough to do advance course with Meghal bhaiya. those days of silence are amongst the most beautiful days of my life.Also i met some really wonderful people there who have become real good friends now.There's no looking back since then.so many courses with so many amazing teachers....new experiences,new learnings...and with each course,life takes a new turn.It's been a wonderful journey so far which has enriched me in terms of knowledge,spirituality and even my daily interactions with others.One year of bliss and what better way to celebrate the anniversary than an advance course with Guruji himself !!! Am on my way to ashram next week for advance course in the divine presence of Guruji.It's my first visit to ashram and am so excited about it :)P.S -Life is nothing to be very serious about. Life is a ball in your hands to play with. Don't hold on to the ball. ¡ªSri Sri Ravi Shankar"Saturday the 10th of May 2008, turned out to be a pleasant and sunny surprise. I got up in the morning, quite early for Saturday standards, and decided to get geeky. So I went around the libraries of the Uni, finally found the books I wanted, and borrowed them. But somehow I was not happy about studying in the serious and studious atmosphere of the library. So I decided to get back to Insterburg (my hostel) and have lunch, and think about it. As I was cooking, I asked my corridor mates, who were lunching, where they studied usually.. And Christian Boese, (the 30 year old guy whose daughter¡¯s name is Salomi) told me that his favorite place is the Schlossgarten (the garden behind the castle of Karlsruhe). I got interested in the idea of studying out in the open, and asked him for more details. He was like ¡± I am going there today, to study with a couple of friends. You can join us  ¡°. So after getting ready with my books and everything, we set off. Since I dint have a bike, Christian offered a ride on his, and we rode through the forest. It was brilliant, cause the flowers were just popping out, and the afternoon was hot and cool at the same time! We reached, and lo! I discovered that there is a lake behind the castle, which is (even though dirty) quite a great supplement to the green grass of the summer. So we chose a nice place under the trees, half-shadowy, lest we fall asleep due to the cosiness of the shades. And there was this bunch of Spaniards from my hostel, who were chilling, hogging sandwiches, playing different types of drums, listening to music and stuff. There was this group of guys who tied slack lines between the trees, and were trying to walk on them from one end to another. And trust me, after trying it, I realized how little balance I had..  Anyway, after 3 hours of studying, or maybe a bit more, we went to the Marktplatz to have an icecream, and walked around a bit, and finally rode back. For me, the entire aspect of studying outside was refreshing, after realizing that I am a computer addict, crouched all day on my laptop. And all the nature and the sun did do us all good, and in my case, shook me out of my room finally"How to Market a Litigation Support PracticeMarketing to attorneys was on the mind of a document imaging executive when he called recently to talk about appropriate business development campaigns. This small firm has a limited budget and a definite need to sell more services to lawyers. Here are some suggestions we offered on how to market a litigation practice:Market to existing law firm clients. Current clients are almost always your best source of immediate new revenue. You already enjoy a trusting relationship with them, and they need you to stay in touch.E-newsletters are an inexpensive, effective way to stay in touch with your current list. Constant Contact or other similar services work very nicely.Attend local bar association meetings, with an emphasis on groups that focus on plaintiff or defense litigators.Write articles about your litigation support topics for bar association newsletters.Keep your referral network primed, for favorable word-of-mouth referrals.Try Google AdWords for online advertising.There are many other ways to market a litigation support practice also. Call to discuss your marketing needs.Posted by Margaret Grisdela at 5:28 PM 0 comments Links to this post  Labels: litigation support, marketing to attorneysFRIDAY, FEBRUARY 05, 2010Super Lawyers Acquired by Thomson ReutersSuper Lawyers will become part of the ""Legal, Business of Law"" group, which offers lawyer marketing and client development tools, and includes the FindLaw and Hubbard One businesses. The Super Lawyers business will be led by Vice President and General Manager Barb McGivern.Read the announcement. Congratulations and best wishes to all!"How could God deal with all His billions and billions of children at a time?? We find it difficult to multitask few of our activities... How can God possibly be noting us evvvery millisecond.. and decide what we deserve .. the law of Karma as they call it.. Whom will he watch!! How many eyes could He have!! Then i started thinking- ok, if God can make such complicated human beings, each having different DNA.. and hence different characters , write unique algorithms for each individual.. how easily he would have made a dummy box called the computer!! the sooper computer.. artificial intelligence et al!! and servers with giga tera square memory .. He probabaly would have a random number generator (RNG) continuously stirring out numers.. and each of us would be assigned one. Then there would be an algo which randomly assigns each of us a time of birth ( that would be linked to another 2 numbers dad n mom immediatly - these three will be our primary key :) - )" Recently in my mummy group, all the kids have been asking about death. I have to admit that with my Elf, it's more a case of Mum, why does Darth Vader die? than What happened to your nana and grandad? I heard two funny stories this week from my group and just had to blog them for your amusement.The great fish tank in the skyElf's best friend, Woody, had a fish tank for Christmas. Woody's mum said he hadn't noticed that three fish had already died in the last few weeks, but when the fourth one had the misfortune to go belly-up, she thought she'd approach the subject with Woody. In the meantime, Woody's dad had, he thought discretely, flushed it down the loo.She tried to console him by explaining that his fishie had been poorly. Woody was in floods of tears at this point, being a sensitive soul. Wondering why she'd gone down the route of trying to explain death to Woody, his mum said yes his little fishie did die, but he was going to the Great Fish Tank in the Sky and that he would be happier there. "This year I had the opportunity to create and donate several paintings to Christmas Auctions that benefit local charities. The challenge was to paint a "Christmas Card" image. I haven't heard yet about the opening night but I am hopeful that all the cards sell. The various approaches in different mediums was very inspiring - these could really make great gifts any time of the year. My studio is in a spare bedroom in my house - a common situation for many painters - and the standard ceiling lighting is inadequate. A few years ago I replaced the ceiling fixture with a florescent fixture, which flooded the room with bright light but made it difficult to accurately judge color. I added a fixture above the west-facing window and used a floor lamp in one corner, but these fixes still did not give me the lighting I desired."To Die For...Tic Tac Tic !!!Well!!! its not the clock I am talking about, neither its that silly game of cross and zeros.I am talking about those sexy heels which make a women look seductive and adds to that omph... factorSilly thought I know... but its quite enticing as well (in men's perspective of course it is ;))First thing that pops in my mind is the sex diva 'MERLIN MONROE ' her white halter dress with a visibly evident cleavage accessoried with those great pair of jimmy choo pencil heels. Is so avid in my mind :) and just a wild thought but in my opinion it was the heels that made her look so stunning and suggestive. It was only that heels that accentuated her very shapely calves and made them look so desirous . Had she been in a normal peep toe or wedge heel she would have looked so ordinary. But the whole ensemble with her luscious red lips and a pout to die for and halter backless dress and don't forget those heels in my opinion has been the most seductive and orgasmic female ever. ( Just her mere glimpse can make a man hard)Lets not restrict ourselves to yesteryear ladies we will explore nut before that talking of celluloid and 70 mm silver screen it was Hollywood that gave sex to the film industry worldwide and were the first to make it so buyable ... with not just raunchy explicit and hot scenes but otherwise... And heels played an integral part in this even classics like ""sound of music"" and ""my fair lady"" it was out an out a heely affair with those drappy gowns well covered necklines very elegantly put accessories was indeed a fine mix but it used to be the pointed pencil shoes in those shiny colors wine red and ebony black that made the entire look so grand.Heels are commodity every women craves for and its makes the men to crave for her ;) Thanks to Versace and Armani that they widened their horizons and went beyond just designing outfits. Thanks to Gucci for those lovely boots and every well known designer who now dabbles in shoes. From flats to wedge heels, from block to pencil heels and kitten heels to peep toe there is a wide range for girls and ladies to satiate their thirst to look and feel sexy.Now you not just need a sexy or a lacy lingerie to impress your man even heels could do wonders... :)so...to woo a man it's not silk and ooze its simple ' JUST STILETTOS' ;)"" A month ago I decided to research studio lighting and discovered that many experts suggest a variety of lighting sources and types. I've included links to some of those sites at the end of this post. I understood the obstacles to lighting that I had: West and North facing windows, a ceiling fixture, a room about 11 x 11, and not wanting a major lighting project that would make it difficult to convert the space back into a bedroom if the need arose.The research I did led me to conclude that I needed multiple light sources that I could control, a way to avoid glare and, conversely, shadows by diffusing the light. I needed task lighting that I could direct down on my work space, and I needed lighting that could work for me both in daylight and at night.I ended up with a compromise in what I could do. First, I replaced the ceiling florescent fixture with one from the home improvement store that allows me to direct the light. This fixture uses 50 watt GU10 bulbs and the light does have a yellow cast."" Bad mood? Don't make me fight you.Me to Tanner, the tiny Yorkie: I feel you are not hearing me lately, Tan. I am feeling like when I talk, it's as though you don't understand a word I'm saying. When you choose to lick the spot where your balls used to be rather than engaging with me in a meaningful way, it makes me feel like I'm not valuable as a person.Mr. Man: Why are you talking to the dog like you two are in therapy?Me:  Because the dog is being a douche. By the way, I left all the laundry in the dryer except for my personal stuff. Mr. Man: That's just like you. You always leave the laundry in the dryer. And how is it a dog can be a douche? I don't think you are even using that word correctly.Me: Just like me? Listen Jackson, I pulled ten years hard time in this institution doing YOUR laundry. I mean HARD time. You were a cop, for godsake. Have you ANY idea how hard it is to clean the underwear of The Law after a night of fighting crime? Laundry is your thing now, Mister Man. Suck on that. The dog is being douchey, by the way, with his whining and his nails clicking across the floor and whatnot. It's a perfectly appropriate word to use when a dog is fulfilling all the requirements of douchedom. Mr. Man: You should go to bed.Me: I will fight you. I mean it. Right here. Put 'em up. I will flat mess you up in ways you have only heard about in childhood stories told by your drunken uncles as a means of taking their minds off their utterly miserable and completely uninteresting existence as husbands to some of the ugliest women in the state of Kansas. I will open up a can of legendary Hillbilly Whoopass right up on you until you beg me to turn you loose and let you participate in the sweet release that is the doing of laundry.  Mr. Man: You're going to Kitten's this weekend, right? Maybe you should get a head start. I think we have weather coming. Me: That's right. Walk away, old man. And take the little dog with you.""The peace = Happiness formula! I think I finally found it...no not a Eureka moment, cause it had been there always...ALWAYS..just that sometimes, it takes sometime to really understand how 'true' the whole concept is!Lately I have been too out of my elements...too many things keeping me occupied..too many things to think about...too many things to make a mental note of..too many things to cope up with..too many things hanging off the cliff it seems! BUT..finally I have sorted it out! Even though the things are exactly same as they were 'bout a week..rather mayb even 1 month back..but now there is a difference!I think over years the way I had groomed myself, I had made it a point not to get into the expectation web and managed to stay relatively calm and composed and happy (in the public eye atleast!)..and I think I need to get back to the same me!Expectations are a killer...if things are not right..expecting anything from anyone won't better things, in fact if and when the expectations fail..the misery is worse!Hence...I am calm...I am composed...and I am saintly ;-)"" From Millesime Bio to Galicia! (Part 1)February 27, 2010When I was in MB, otherwise known as Millesime Bio, Frederik Kolderup, the energetic Norwegian wine importer, coffee fanatic who travels with his own grinder, and lover of the more nat'l the better, ordered me to check an American making albarino in Rias Biaxis.Hell, you know me, good 'ole skeptic.But it was Frederik, so I did.What I found was Albarino that wasn't: 1) sweet 2) tropical 3) sauvignon blancish 3) creamy.Not only that but the winemaker and part owner of Benito Santos--Todd Blomberg-- an American who fell in love with a Galician and has lived there for a decade--is working naturally, with a brain that keeps on ticking. He's intent on eliminating S02 usage. His method involved a butter churner.Blomberg only makes albarino and is working on single vineyards. Two elements that drew me to his wines were: a lovely bitterness and a fresh, attention grabbing acidity. You see, acidity is something that I've found lacking in albarino of late as trying to appeal to a mass palate, too many winemakers are deacidifying, capturing sweetness in the wine, and basically reconfiguring nature, reasons I stopped drinking the stuff.According to Todd, the Benito Santos vines have never used chemicals and the wines had never been yeasted or whatevered.Impressed, I contacted Todd and asked him when I was in town to be on a panel about wine homogenization, could I visit? He in turn offered to take me around. An offer I could not refuse."A calm.. sunday eveningÿ me and grandma walk along the dusty roads and reach the destination two streets away..It was my first time to an astrologer¡¯s! Boy! I was excited! I have never really believed in it and was eager to see what it was all aboutÿ  We reached the place and aunty led us to the room where my friend¡¯s thatha who is the astrologer was sitting. The 92 year old smiling man led us in. He was all of five feet, occupying 1/5th of his huge bed. Wasting no time, he took the horoscope from me. He had told us not to tell him what we had come for. He said he would find out! Hmm! Loves challenges I supposeÿ ! He casually flipped to the page where the boxes were drawn. Then started the intense calculationsÿ His frail tiny hands jumped from one box to another ÿ his hands ran along the boxes the way we used to do when we used to play snakes and ladderÿ He then erupted into a smileÿ HE is the reason for you coming here he announced pointing to ¡°Venus¡±.!!! LOL! " Well, as you might have picked up from my front page, I'm a late-20's missus living in the gorgeous Hawkesbury region of North-West Sydney with the lovely Mr.P, my hubby of just over a year.I've been living out here for about 6 years after growing up in the 'Macarthur Region'...which is a nice way of saying Campbelltown! I didn't technically live IN Campbelltown, I lived about 10 mins outside (the Sydney-side...smug much....lol!)...in the lovely suburb of St. Andrews.I grew up there with 3 sisters and a brother, the greatest siblings a gal could ask for (although my sibling-in-laws...2 sisters, 2 brothers...are pretty damn cool too!).I love lots of different things and always have some obsession going...be it knitting, scrapbooking, a tv show, painting, colouring-in (I LOVE colouring-in, most relaxing thing), blogging, tweeting, facebook-ing, Sims 3, Wii, a book series, I can't help myself. I tend to get really into something and let it go after a while, then pick it up again, but one thing I can't stop doing, is reading.""DESPAIRA social worker friend of mine who works with low-income families wrote recently on Facebook,Today was a bad day. There is so much despair out there. I think I need a new career.Another social worker commented to her,I know what you mean. This is the worst I've seen it in 30 years. And a friend who is a principal of a school in southeastern Michigan, a school with a high number of children living in poverty, told me,The economic stresses on these families are unbelievable. Their instability in housing and jobs keeps them moving all the time. We enroll new kids in the school, and have kids leave the school, every week because of the instability.And if a school has 30% turnover from the beginning to the end of the year, is it fair to measure kids' progress the way that we do in a school with 5% turnover?When I was teaching, I remember kids coming up to me and saying, ""There is too much chaos in my house (housing issues, immigration fears, lack of employment, etc.) and I just can't do my homework."" For some kids, just making it to school is the miracle.I know a lot of people are worried about those families. We think less often about the front-line workers--by which I mean, in this case, social workers and school staff--who confront increasing need and decreasing resources. I worry about the front-line staff. It is really hard to hear the public discussions around education and social services, to hear that teachers or social workers ""get paid too much,"" to have pay and benefits rolled back, and not to acknowledge that it is hard to be the social worker or teacher working with the kids or families who need so much more, who deserve so much more, and who don't get what they need.Sure, in our area there is a surfeit of teachers and social workers--so maybe they are replaceable, but is it a good thing to set up a system where teachers and social workers get burned out because there is so much need for their services and so little value placed upon them?My friend was writing about the despair among her clients, but what I hear from her is the despair that things will get better. We alone cannot control the economy (of course, we can each do our small part), but when we value the work of front-line staff, we can improve their feelings about their work.POSTED BY RUTH AT 2:14 PM 1 COMMENTS  LABELS: EDUCATIONAL PHILOSOPHY, FIRST THOUGHTS, POVERTY, RESOURCESTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2010Googlewashing?Over at Electric Educator (linked to on the right), blogger and teacher John Sowash had a post recently about the advantages of using iGoogle to replace school planners. It makes me feel queasy.Full disclosure: Blogspot (the platform for this blog) is Google-owned and yes, I have a gmail account. Sharing documents on googledocs can make life easy. I ""google"" questions several times a day. Google creates a lot of wonderful products. But. Google is also a huge corporation, trading today at $531 per share.I have no problem with individuals using Google, but that seems different to me from having teachers require students to put their work into systems that are owned by a huge, for-profit corporation. Are we in danger of Googlewashing?What do you think? What are the benefits? What are the issues? If we had to pay for it, what would it be worth?""Goonj~ ek unsuni cheekh !!Goonj an echo I heard within me when I saw the most nervewracking cliping of my life...Two ladies came to aur old campus fondly called the (VKC) from a NGO called goonj. Due to torrential rains my spirits were equally dampened as the roads of our city. My step grew heavy as I entered our studio and saw two ladies, one salt and papper hair and the other a lovely damsel made the ambience very mirthful and informal with their spontaneous chutzpah...Like all other lectures they had the usualy projector and had something to show. But inside it they had something which I never sensed or see.Though a very bizzare way of telling what this organization dose but was a relevation of a kind.Goonj worked on the concept of ""Kapda, Roti, Makkan"" and focus on primarily on Kapda.The gooseflesh story began when the head of goonj came in forefront to address the crowd.""I know I am discussing a topic which in the 21st century is still considered a taboo and I want it to a dining table issue"" He talked about how the rural female survives those five days evry month. Yes I am talking about the mensuration cycle. Well you will be surprized to know that they use the same cloth repeatedly for days or pices of rags. The terror is hear to come when I heard that a women dies of titnis they also use sand and due to different cycles in a family women use the same cloth.I know its awful, I would never have gathered enough courage to out it on my blog but this is where we as human beings need to be aware.Everybody tallks of education, sanitaion, health and literacy but we never ponder about the taboo subjects. Now the owner of this NGO says that "" we have so many festivals like diwali, dushera and other but there should be a giving festival where we give"". So Goonj has started a nation wide drive from 27th september to 4th october. So give and celebrate. Collect material from clothing to paper. Goonj is now working for 2 decades and have done immense work acrooss india. Be it Bihar or Tsunami hot victims down south. The NGO is working endlessly making rugs out of audio tapes, skipping ropes from duppattas, Under garments so on and so forth. School bags from discarded demins and many other things.This Goonj within me will never fade. My soul will always burn since I envision to make this unheard goonj heard.""We had such a fun weekend! It started Friday night when I went out for a lingerie shower/bachelorette party. We went out to Northgate, the big college bar area. I've never been and I realized why Friday night. The bride to be is in her early 20's as were most of her friends. After drinks and gifts, we went to a few bars. At one bar the guy at the door actually looked at my ID and asked if it was really my ID!?!? Really, if I was a college kid using a fake ID to get into a bar, it would not say I'm 30! I just felt old, but I had a good time!Saturday, we went to Nathan and Mandi's wedding. It was smack in the middle of Alex's nap time so we put her down for an early nap and crossed our fingers that she wouldn't melt down during the festivities. She was super antsy at the ceremony so Josh took her to the atrium to run around so she didn't disrupt the wedding. Alex had a BLAST at the reception. She loved being on the dance floor. We had to hold her so she wouldn't interrupt the first dances. There was another little girl a couple of years older that Alex loved playing and dancing with. She totally hammed it up. At one point, the photographer bent down to take a picture of them together, Alex noticed it, pushed the other girl away so she wouldn't be in the pic and smiled for the camera. Total cheese ball! When they started the dollar dance, Alex walked up to Nathan and put her hands up so he could pick her up to dance. It was the cutest thing ever! We went to dinner with Mark and Veronica when we left. Alex wouldn't eat any shrimp until we gave her cocktail sauce to dip them in. She eats soooo much better if she can dip her food in stuff.We all slept in Sunday morning, thank you time change, then had a late breakfast. After breakfast, we went to Lowes. Alex loves looking at all the flowers. We picked out some flowers for the beds in the front. We literally spent an hour digging out bulbs that I planted 2 years ago. They don't bloom anymore, but they still sprout grass like leaves all year long. I swear, I planted like 20 and they multiplied. I promised to never plant bulbs again! Alex had so much fun outside. She was such a busy body moving dirt from pot to pot, picking up leaves, playing with mulch and smelling the flowers. She learned how to open the front door and decided to let Cooper out, then she kept going in and out and in and out.I didn't take one picture all weekend, but we spent more time outside today and I took a ton of pics. Alex and I picked up Subway, then picked up Josh and went to the park for lunch. Since I already know my kiddo hates lunch meat, I got her a pizza from Subway. She loved it...Josh and I thought it was kinda gross, but oh well, she ate a 1/4 of it!After she woke up from her nap, we went out front to play some more! Alex decided it was sooo much more fun to have Coopie outside with us!""Work has been pretty exhausting lately due to the fact that lots of my students have horrid home lives, which eats me up. I think about them 24/7 and haven't even been sleeping well lately because I feel so burdened with all this. It's just not fair, and the worst part is that the system is faulty, so even when the correct people are notified, nothing changes. It's tragic. We just love on them as much as we can while they are with us, and then pray for them when they get on that bus in the afternoon. It's heart breaking. Needless to say, I am so pumped for Spring Break and I'm ready for the fun and stress-free activities. We aren't doing anything near as cool as we did last year, but we do have some good local stuff planned...Saturday-going out to eat and downtown (Ft. Worth) with a big group of friends. FUN!!!Sunday-headed to Ray Roberts Lake State Park to meet my cousins and Uncle for a day of nature and relaxing.Zac has track practice each morning Monday-Wednesday, but I plan on sleeping late! ;)Tuesday night we are taking the distance runners (the athletes Zac coaches) out to eat and to bowl. It will be lots of fun and the kids have already been asking about it.Thursday night Liz, Andy, Madeline and Owen will arrive to stay for the weekend. We are going to hang out and have fun around here Friday, and then Saturday the McKinney cousins and their families are coming down for the day. Yay!Anyways, doesn't sound like much, but I know the week will FLY by!!""Health officials have been tackling the difficult question of how to apportion mechanical ventilators in a severe influenza pandemic when the demand far exceeds the availability of the treatment. Yesterday, a prestigious group of advisors to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention moved closer to delivering their guidance.A subcommittee of independent ethicists approved, with minor changes, what it terms a draft ethical framework to help federal, state, and local policymakers develop guidelines about which patients should receive ventilators. The document, prepared by a group of CDC and non-CDC employees that met for more than two years, will now go to the full advisory committee to the CDC for approval. At yesterday's meeting, the subcommittee agreed to a request from CDC leadership that the document state it would not apply to the current H1N1 or ""swine flu"" pandemic unless a significantly more severe or widespread strain appeared.As we reported yesterday, the guidance suggests that health care workers dealing with a pandemic assign patients a score based on several factors, such as their need for ventilators, their likelihood of survival, and their years of expected life. The document also suggested that maximizing the health of the public in a disaster by directing ventilators to those with the best chance of recovery be weighed against giving all patients with a reasonable prognosis ""a fair chance at survival."" The group advised against factoring an individual's perceived contributions to society into decisions about allocating scarce ventilators.The subcommittee embraced the controversial idea that hospitals could remove from ventilators patients whose prognosis had significantly worsened, regardless of their wishes, and provide those ventilators to those with a better prognosis. However, the document advises policymakers to include the public in ""frank dialogue and genuine deliberation"" about the various tradeoffs among the ethical principles.The public was able to listen to the subcommittee's teleconference yesterday by calling a toll free number. The vote to approve the document, which was unanimous among subcommittee members who attended the meeting, took place before the scheduled public comment period.A CDC official who helped run the meeting said, ""there are a lot of members of the public on the call today."" The exact number and their identities were unclear. They were invited to make comments, but only two chose to do so.A caller who identified herself as Marcia Baker argued that the government should ""build for the peak of a severe pandemic"" rather than focusing on categorizing patients into what she referred to as ""polite terms for lives not worthy to live.""Harvard University ethics professor Norman Daniels responded that he was ""very puzzled"" by Baker's comments. ""It seems you're suggesting we could purchase ventilators to meet any crisis,"" he said. ""I'd like to know whether you want to pay the taxes.""Baker said, ""Yes, and not pay the bailout.""Daniels countered. ""You don't want a functioning economy but you want all these ventilators?""Drue Barrett, chair of the CDC's public health ethics committee, said that the ethics guidance discusses ""the importance of building our infrastructure to meet public health needs."" She said the full advisory committee to the CDC director will meet within the next two months to consider the ventilator guidance.Politico's Josh Gerstein offers more details on the discussion, and Christopher Weaver of Kaiser Health News has this interesting take on NPR's Health Blog. ""If i were to use the word ""give up"", it doesn't seems to apply on me.I don't exactly know what to do because at this moment, i can't solve this problem alone.I need you God.Please help me to overcome all these barriers for making me to feel this way.When i get to see him, i feel all messed up.My feelings go all ways, i don't feel good.When i don't get to see him, you know, the feelings when you yearn to see someone so badly?Wanting to know how is he doing and all.But what about if the person is opposing you in everything you do?I wanted to tell him that i hate him yesterday.Because i'm lost for words.I don't know what can i do to describe him anymore.Maybe it's a good thing for him, but definitely a no for me.God, you need to help me to persevere till the very end.Realized something odd?Yep, i've changed my blogskin. Something was wrong with the font from my previous blogskin.And if you're a constant reader, you'd know this is the one i used before my previous's.Anyway, i removed the chatbox. And dear friends, if you feel like commenting, sorry that i've to trouble you guys.Please do comment below each posts i made.Thank you.:)I need a getaway."Lenovo's quietly unleashed three new 1080p resolution-boasting monitors. Up first, the 21.5-inch L2261 Wide LCD, a pretty basic affair with VGA and DVI inputs. The L2361p Wide is 23-inches, with a more stylized look than the L2261, with integrated speakers and microphone, a webcam, and three USB 2.0 ports. Finally, the real star of the show, the L2461X Wide is a 23.6-inch, multitouch  display. It also has integrated speakers and microphone, a 2 megapixel webcam. There is no official pricing or availability information for any of these bad boys yet, but there are two more images after the break. "I know its been forever and I keep saying I'll update soon...ahhh!Anyway, this new year has definietly been better for the Rast Family. I was happy to see 2009 go and welcome in 2010. Which we did with my BFF and her family. It was a blast, and I loved having them here with us:)Baby S did not go home as planned, that has been put on hold until May now. In the meantime we received 3 busy, busy, blue eyed, blond children, that are keeping us hopping. They are 4, 3, and 8 months. Whew! Lots of fun but lots of work too.My big kids are doing awesome, with school, TKD, and dance. They are a HUGE help to me at home with the littles. They take them out to play, ride bikes with them and go to the park.We have a few fun trips planned this year. Summer we will go with our ""group"" to Boulder Beach in Idaho. The fall we will head to San Diego to celebrate our youngest as a teenager, wow!So thats the update for now.""I am done for the month! No more freaking exams until april. But then, I am still constantly tortured by never ending homework and assignments and of course, the one and only true love, professional exams! Ugh! I wonder when it can end.... It would be so nice to not needing to wake up in the morning and go like ""professional exams again"". No no, it would be nice to not needing an alarm clock to make you get up from bed.Owh well,"on't, let this be a lesson to you! Hair Removal... (I don't have a clue as to who wrote this, but.....WHAT A RIOT!) All hair removal methods have tricked women with their promises of easy, painless removal - The Epilady, scissors, razors, Nair and now...the wax. Read on......... My night began as any other normal weeknight. Come home, fix dinner, play with the kids. I then had the thought that would ring painfully in my mind for the next few hours: 'Maybe I should pull the waxing kit out of the medicine cabinet.' So I headed to the site of my demise: the bathroom. It was one of those 'cold wax' kits. No melting a clump of hot wax, you just rub the strips together in your hand, they get warm and you peel them apart and press them to your (or wherever else) and you pull the hair right off. No muss, no fuss. How hard can it be? I mean, I'm not a genius, but I am mechanically inclined enough to figure this out. (YA THINK!?!) So I pull one of the thin strips out. Its two strips facing each other stuck together. Instead of rubbing them together, my genius kicks in so I get out the hair dryer and heat it to 1000 degrees. ('Cold wax,' yeah...right!) I lay the strip across my thigh. Hold the skin around it tight and pull. It works! OK, so it wasn't the best feeling, but it wasn't too bad. I can do this! Hair removal no longer eludes me! I am She-rah, fighter of all wayward body hair and maker of smooth skin extraordinaire. With my next wax strip I move north. After checking on the kids, I sneak back into the bathroom, for the ultimate hair fighting championship. I drop my panties and place one foot on the toilet. Using the same procedure, I apply the wax strip across the right side of my bikini line, covering the right half of my hoo-ha and stretching down to the inside of my butt cheek (it *was* a long strip) I inhale deeply and brace myself....RRRRIIIPPP!!!! I'm blind!!! Blinded from pain!!!!....OH MY GAWD!!!!!!!!! Vision returning, I notice that I've only managed to pull off half the strip. CRAP! Another deep breath and RIPP! Everything is spinning and spotted. I think I may pass out...must stay conscious...must stay conscious. Do I hear crashing drums??? Breathe, breathe...OK, back to normal. I want to see my trophy - a wax covered strip, the one that has caused me so much pain, with my hairy pelt sticking to it. I want to revel in the glory that is my triumph over body hair. I hold up the strip. There's no hair on it. Where is the hair??? WHERE IS THE WAX??? Slowly I ease my head down, foot still perched on the toilet. I see the hair. The hair that should be on the strip...it's not! I touch. I am touching wax. I run my fingers over the most sensitive part of my body, which is now covered in cold wax and matted hair. Then I make the next BIG mistake...remember my foot is still propped upon the toilet? I know I need to do something. So I put my foot down. Sealed shut! My butt is sealed shut. Sealed shut! I penguin walk around the bathroom trying to figure out what to do and think to myself 'Please don't let me get the urge to poop. My head may pop off!' What can I do to melt the wax? Hot water!! Hot water melts wax!! I'll run the hottest water I can stand into the bathtub, get in, immerse the wax-covered bits and the wax should melt and I can gently wipe it off, right??? *WRONG!!!!!!!* I get in the tub - the water is slightly hotter than that used to torture prisoners of war or sterilize surgical equipment - I sit. Now, the only thing worse than having your nether regions glued together, is having them glued together and then glued to the bottom of the tub...in scalding hot water. Which, by the way, doesn't melt cold wax.So, now I'm stuck to the bottom of the tub as though I had cemented myself to the porcelain!! God bless the man who had convinced me a few months ago to have a phone put in the bathroom!!!!! I call my friend, thinking surely she has waxed before and has some secret of how to get me undone. It's a very good conversation starter 'So, my butt and hoo-ha are glued together to the bottom of the tub!' There is a slight pause. She doesn't know any secret tricks for removal but she does try to hide her laughter from me. She wants to know exactly where the wax is located, 'Are we talking cheeks or hole or hoo-ha?' She's laughing out loud by now...I can hear her. I give her the rundown and she suggests I call the number on the side of the box. YEAH!!!!! Right!! I should be the joke of someone else's night. While we go through various solutions. I resort to trying to scrape the wax off with a razor. Nothing feels better than to have your girlie goodies covered in hot wax, glued shut, stuck to the tub in super hot water and then dry-shaving the sticky wax off!! By now the brain is not working, dignity has taken a major hike and I'm pretty sure I'm going to need Post-Traumatic Stress counseling for this event. My friend is still talking with me when I finally see my saving grace....the lotion they give you to remove the excess wax. What do I really have to lose at this point? I rub some on and OH MY GOD!!!!!!! The scream probably woke the kids and scared the dickens out of my friend. It's sooo painful, but I really don't care. 'IT WORKS!! It works!!' I get a hearty congratulation from my friend and she hangs up. I successfully remove the remainder of the wax and then notice to my grief and despair....THE HAIR IS STILL THERE.......ALL OF IT! So I recklessly shave it off. Heck, I'm numb by now. Nothing hurts. I could have amputated my own leg at this point."Last weekend we went off to Swansea for my brother-in-law's wedding. As Scott was working before the wedding, that meant that he would travel from Surrey to Swansea and I was left with the delightful (ahem!) job of driving to Swansea with the kids. Oh that was fun!I drove in tandem with Scott's Uncle, so I wasn't completely alone and we stopped off on the way down for a picnic in the services car park, which the kids thought was great! By the time we EVENTUALLY made it to Swansea, we had about half an hour left to go before we made it to the hotel, but it was in the middle of nowhere and it was pitch black. I'm just so grateful for sat nav, because I didn't have a clue where I was, couldn't see a thing, windy narrow country lanes and Charlotte in the back of the car shouting that we were lost!But, we made it! Woo hoo!The wedding was an early one - they got married at 10.30 am (erm great - I have me and 3 kids to get ready!), and Charlotte was a bridesmaid, so I had to make sure she was looking especially gorgeous.The hotel was right by the beach and they chose to have some pictures on the beach (did I mention they're mental?!), it was a lovely sunny day, beautiful in fact, but it was FREEEEEEEZING!After the wedding breakfast, they showed the rugby match between England and Wales. In fact rugby was the theme of the day and that is why they specifically picked 6th Feb to get married as the groom (Kev) is English and the bride (Nici) is Welsh.The whole day was fantastic, and we made it through relatively tantrum free (Charlotte did have a slight diva moment).So I leave you with a few little pictures. Please excuse any with me on - I hate having my photo taken.Cameron looking very smart in his suit - but not sure what is going on with his expression. He seems to have forgotten how to smile!""First off I was finally convinced to no longer us IE and now I am using chrome and everything is weird and off and the fonts are all screwing with me. Yes, I am late to the party on this .. one of those, I don't like change and I like fire fox even less. So here we are. Not that I ever claimed to know anything about computers, technology or fonts. All I know is that everyone seems to hate comic sans, I now get made fun of for talking pictures with an actual camera and not an i-phone and I am still freaked out by using skype.Secondly I am finally getting around to reading Julie and Julia. I love her (Julie), I and I am terribly sad I didn't read it before I saw the movie. But whats done is done. The thing is that it does not make me want to blog more but it makes me what to get rid of this entirely. Which leads me to thirdly.Thirdly I am really started to get irritated with my addiction..errr, facebook. So maybe I should come over here and say all the status I want to have because I am no longer comfortable over there. Mostly because at how angry some people make me. Defriending is not an option. Well, its always an option but I don't need more drama in this area then is already there. And now ""hide"" isn't working for one person in particular. They creep into my day, UN WELCOMED, and make me all pissy and unhappy and negative. And I am sick of being that person.Fourth, fourthly? ..... look, I am sorry for those people in Haiti, really sorry, I have donated what I can to the Red Cross, I have sat in horror of seeing those images on the tv. But people comparing the generosity of us giving to charities over this to the health care debacle in congress is a stretch at the very least. The two are in no way comparable. Moving on, I just wanted to get my feelings out on that.Fifth, the weather is beautiful here. I refuse to fight my child to get him outside. Perhaps we'd all be better with some sun in our faces. I for one am ready for sitting out on the patio with a beer, with something cooking on the grill. But, I am not yet ready for this nice weather. I would appreciate if it went away till the end of February ... there was something comforting about the cold and being stuck inside during this particular time for our household. I am sure that only makes sense to me."" miss her so.A week prior the trip, I was advised by frds to inform the princess that ""mama & papa is gg away"" and she needs to stay with popo & yeye. I talk to her abt it many times a day, and each time, she will choose to pretend not to hear and give me smiley faces.She plays ignorant and it irks me becoz I know she understand what I am talking abt.2 days before the trip, she gotten really really sticky to us and was such a baby. She started throwing little tantrums and wakes up at night crying. A couple of times, she cried so pitifully after she woke up from her nap that it was heart wrenching to watch.(I informed daddyhan abt it, and I guess it affected him as well, becoz he actually went to check out the SQ website wanting to purchase another ticket to bring her along! Too bad the flight is full.) I understand that she is trying to cope with the news and it hurts me so. The day befre the trip, we brought her to the toy store so she can choose some toys to bring over to popo's hse to play. On the way back in the car, I turned over and told her, ""ning, tonite you sleep with popo okie? Be good girl ya."" She immediately gave me a sad face and in that whiney tone, said ""I wanna sleep with mama""I cried.When daddyhan sent her to popo's place, I did not follow. I cannot handle that kinda emotional moments, so I choose to stay hm and kissed her goodbye. When daddyhan came home, he said ning was having so much fun there that she didnt even cy when he had to go. We had been calling back daily, and is glad to learn that she is having tons of fun, is behaving well and had not ask for us at all.My baby is all grown up now. She actually understands that we are going away and couldnt bring her along. I felt really really assured by her behaviour and is much more relaxed now. Now, if she understands that we are away and couldnt bring her along, then Im sure she understands what daddy meant when he promised to bring an elephant back for her.Where to find one now?""Or perhaps we should call this one the ""non-sick,non-fatigued, non-fat,non-crazy"" post. Ahh, honest writing. It's definitely not for everyone.So, we did something fun yesterday besides going to the Arboretum for the third time this week (the girls are loving it and keep asking to go back). I was sitting around with them after everyone was home for the evening and did a search on my flickr stream of each of the girl's names. What came up was a varied, non-sequential, virtual (Insert name here), This Is Your Life, ""baby book"" that was entirely delightful. I highly recommend it.Don't have a flickr account? Here, borrow mine (featuring Anna Sofia):""This blog will be short and totally not exciting or entertaining at all. It won't say silly or witty things either. It will simply say that I made my own tooth powder and deodorant today. I used simple ingredients and my new knitting friend showed me how, and even gave me the tools to do so. She also handed me a pamphlet that teaches me to make my own no-shampoo poo (because I don't shampoo my hair and if you have curly hair you shouldn't either - because it's evil and wrong and basically like putting satan in your mane). And really that's it. See, I told you. Totally not exciting or entertaining at all. But I just really wanted to get that out there.I love you all, except for those I don't know. Because that would be weird.""Obama confidante and senior adviser David Axelrod hit the trifecta Sunday talking health care, health care and lastly, health care on CNN.White House spokesman Robert Gibbs lent an assist on Fox: ÿ¡±we¡¯ll have the votes when the House votes.¡± The rough translation: We won¡¯t vote until we have the votes and/or we don¡¯t have the votes. Not yet anyway, according to the guy counting the noses. House Majority Whip James Clyburn (D-SC) says the will is there and the votes will be too. ¡°They (House Dems) have been looking to us to create a way to do it. I think we¡¯ve gotten to a place where we do have the way to do it.¡±No joy in Minorityville. House Republican leader John Boehner of Ohio vowed to ¡°ÿdo everything we can to make it difficult for them, if not impossible, to pass the bill.¡±Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN) warned Democrats about a kind of political Armageddon if the bill passes. ¡°There will be an instant, spontaneous campaign to repeal it all across the countryÿ and (in November) a political wipeout for the Democratic Party.Proving that there will be news after health care Boehner says he doesn¡¯t think Congress will approve funds to move terrorist suspects at Guantanamo Bay prison to a supermax facility on U.S. soil. Certainly you can count him out: ¡°I wouldn¡¯t vote for this if you put a gun to my head.¡±Boehner also said there¡¯s a chance Republicans could take over the house this November.""¡°These stories are what Washington does,¡± Axelrod, a former Chicago Tribune reporter, said in an interview that aired on CNN¡¯s State of the Union. ¡°When people think there are political challenges, then the ¡®palace intrigue¡¯ stories get written and so on. We are a tight group. We are all committed to the same thing and I would discount those stories.¡±On a more personal note, Axelrod also spoke favorably of Emanuel, who has a reputation for sometimes being rough around the edges in his political dealings with allies and foes.""This past Monday morning, I decided to just keep Abbey's diaper off after I changed her.  We have been down the potty training road before with her, but it just didn't work - at all!  We had a challenging weekend with her and I'm not sure why I decided to tackle this task, after a rough weekend and on a Monday morning no less, but I did!  I just thought, well, I'll give it a whirl!  I knew it was going to be different this time though, when she sat on the potty without screaming.  When she actually went, it was amazing.  She had a slip up during that first hour going commando, and she also had to realize that she can't stand up while she's still going, but after that, it just clicked! So here it is, Friday afternoon and she's had a week without diapers!  It's so exciting!!  We still have to work with her to keep it up while she's got pants on (since she's just been going commando this week mostly), but we're over that first major hurdle!  If she just has underwear on, she takes them off and goes, but for some reason it's different when she has underwear and pants on.  However, we went out this afternoon for a couple of hours and her pull up was dry when we got home!  I was so excited.  Our little girl is doing so well!  We are very proud of her!!Oh, and do you like her new bangs?  Jonathan tried to help and cut them while she was in the tub.  He forgets that hair gets shorter when it dries!  They're not straight and way too short, but somehow she keeps getting compliments on them.  I'm just thankful that hair grows! "" am pumped with my new program and my new eating schedule. The introduction to good fats from nuts is really helping me crave things that I am trying to avoid. It appears to be regulating my blood sugar levels. Yesterday workout was awesome and I burned over 360 calories in less than 55 minutes. Felt great to sweat it out and I feel strong. Today is HIIT and I that felt great!! I am hoping to get another HIIT workout in today. Maybe on the elliptical this time. Maybe another run on the treadmill. Still have not decided.What I do know is that I have this new found stable energy and that is what I want to focus on. I want to focus on getting to a leaner body and forgetting what the scale says. I will rely more on my measurements of course and how I feel. How my clothes fit and what this good nutrition will do to my skin and nails. Looking forward to it. Planning all my meals each and every night, so that I am ready to face a brand new day -- full of good wholesome stuff.""I'm still here and feeling great. I volunteer at a free medical clinic on Tuesday mornings. I draw blood and it is so gratifying. Today I had something happen that has never happened before. I was looking at a guy's arm for veins and noticed a lot of scarring. I asked him if he gave blood and he said ""no."" He admitted to being an IV drug user. My heart almost sunk to my stomach. He had used drugs just recently and still had bruises on his arm from it. He told me he was sober for 9 months and then started using again. He was in his twenty's. He was negative a year ago for Hepatitis C, but wants to be tested again for it. I could feel my heart beating faster as I stuck him and tapped into his vein. I was so nervous and did not want to get stuck by that needle. But here's the rub: I should be nervous every time I draw blood. People with Hepatitis C can look like anyone. I had it and never knew it. I never ""shot up"" or snorted cocaine. I can't believe I'm back to my ways of letting my guard down. Oh sure, I wear gloves, but to really respect someone's blood as if it could give me a life-threatening disease? I really needed to have this guy as a patient today. It was a gentle reminder to always be careful.""I write about an hour a day and recently broke into six-figure-a-year earnings. This money comes from running advertising on my websites and blogs, all content sites based on nothing more than articles I¡¯ve written. This is largely passive income that comes in whether I work or not (I choose to work so I can continue to grow my earnings).I got started back in early 2004 when, while going to college, I began having trouble with repetitive stress injuries (a bit like carpal tunnel syndrome, except it was my hands that were troubling me instead of my wrists). I started working with voice recognition software, but I realized that it was going to be hard to get a real job working 40+ hours a week at a keyboard. Everything from driving to mousing to opening jars hurt my hands, so I couldn¡¯t imagine what I could do for a living.Andÿ truth be told, I wasn¡¯t that keen on getting a ¡°real job.¡± I¡¯d done four years as an enlisted soldier in the army and experienced firsthand what it¡¯s like to be a powerless peon at the whims of superior officers, many of whom are only ¡°superior¡± because they¡¯ve been in the military longer. To this day, I have a great appreciation for those who enlist in the military and serve our country, but it just wasn¡¯t for me. And I had a feeling corporate America wasn¡¯t going to be for me either. I¡¯d always enjoyed writing and when I started my four-year degree, I had a vague notion of becoming a freelance writer (though, as a diehard introvert, the idea of interfacing with clients and touting my own horn to get contracts made me cringe), but the RSI issue threw a wrench in my plans.I started scouring the Internet for ideas on how I could make money from home. I tried eBay for a while, selling beef jerky of all things (the ¡°Oh Boy! Oberto¡± plant and factory outlets were in my town), but I quickly learned that competing with others who were into price gouging was difficult and hardly worth it for a dollar or two of profit.Eventually I found my way to various webmaster forums where people were talking about a relatively new (at the time) program: Google Adsense. All over the world, people with little hobby websites were making great money. And interestingly enough, the sites that were text-based?writing!?were doing the best.That was perfect! The only problem? I didn¡¯t have any websitesÿBut, you can¡¯t let the little things keep you down, right?Using Dragon Naturally Speaking (voice recognition software) to navigate the web, I set out to learn everything I could about creating websites, writing content, driving traffic, and optimizing ads. I also delved into the world of affiliate marketing, but I wasn¡¯t much for hardcore selling, so I tended to stick with growing sites I could monetize with Adsense, Chitika, text links, and various other forms of advertising.That first month I made a whopping $2.00.Well, not really, since you have to make at least $100 to get a payout from Adsense.""It is unfortunate that I have no time to take care of them right now.But I know that soon, I will have time, and I will eventually rare and love one again!Especially when I move and have my own place! :)I've been dinging and donging over what kind of dog I want.I've previously owned a huge and beautiful Golden Retriever, and although he was the bestest dog anyone could ever have, I think now I want to own a smaller sized dog.I've contemplated miniature poodles. Even miniature schnauzers!From the pretty to the ugliest! Like pugs or bulldogs :)The last Sunday, I went out to dinner with my family and I walked past a pet store as I was walking to the bank to get some moolah. I slowed down to see what was inside because the whole place was full and the sounds of baby dogs yelping was too adorable to ignore!Okay,So I was walking, right? And my eyes locked on to the most adorablest, most cutestestest, most incredible looking puppy in the world! It was curled up in a sleeping position, but it's little iddy biddy eyes were open, just observing everyone cooing over the other puppies at the place.I could not, for the life of me, take my eyes off that puppy!!!!It was just SO CUTE!SO!I think I've decided (I say ""think"" because, admittedly, I've decided on what kind of dog I want before)!I want.......""I know, I know. It's been about a year since I've last shared ""Deep Thoughts by Yours Truly."" I find that I am at my best when things are slow and calm. It is typically those times that my little head is able to process and turn events into crazy thoughts in my head. After what seems like a busy and crazy year I've decided to return to the daily grind and be better at updating. These next few entries will catch ya'll up on my life since Wednesday December 17, 2008, but, for now, I wanted to talk about my mid life purgatory.I don't think I will ever be a person who goes through a midlife crisis. I mean, I strongly believe that having an untraditionally tough childhood has led me to really, really, really appreciate the aging process. My life has increasingly gotten better and more fulfilling with age. But that absolutely does not stop me from having a mid-life purgatory.For those of you unfamiliar with such above mentioned illness it is when you are literally stuck between being a kid and being an adult. Some people look at this and think...yuck, purgatory stinks while others think its the perfect utopian life balance.I, on the other-hand, have no idea which one I am. Examples you ask???1- I walk into the school cafeteria and will shake my head in disgust at all the little children going to school in their pj's BUT find it difficult to leave with my cup of coffee because the TV is tuned into MTV's ""True Life""2. I want to go back to school BUT only if it A.) pays me to study like an adult job does B.) does not require additional work when I am done with class like an adult job does and C.) Gives me 25 vacation days of my choice like my job does (I mean on top of daily classtime)3. I love hosting dinner parties and throwing keggers and literally having a hoe-down every weekend, BUT the idea of strangers peeing and puking in my sparkly white toilet bowl isn't as glamorous as it was before4. I attend the ""young"" events and feel it's too loud, too obnoxious, too hipstery and too, well, young BUT I attend the ""adult"" events and have a hard time contributing to mortgages, children and climbing the corporate ladder. I mean all I want to do is ask, ""Can you believe Tamara in the Real Housewives last night??? I mean, for realz?""5. I still hate going to bed and will find myself making picture frames, playing Nintendo DS or watching TV til late at night, BUT still getting my purgatory ass out of bed by at least 9 am.6. On weekends I think about gardening, re-arranging the apartment or running errands BUT typically wake up hung over and wanting a greasy breakfast followed by a nap. (oh p.s. I don't know how to garden, am not too handy when it comes to decorating and really what are errands if not things that can be done tomorrow?)7. In the sense of cognitive awareness I know that I should be excercising more and eating healthier as I grow older BUT I continue to tell myself that Asians have an additional 5 year bump due to high metabolism and I live in a city that celebrates fine dining so I should never waste such opportunities.so there you have it dear avid readers. I have now bestowed upon you my deepest and most intimate thoughts. Trust me, more will be coming but, for now, I will leave you with this final thought.If you find yourself reading this and thinking ""yes, yes, yes, I agree"" then there is clearly only one solution for you. Move to Brooklyn (preferably as close to Metropolitan and Graham as possible) and let's start a club together where we we act like complete teenage fools with the dignitgy and experience of an adult in purgatory.""Now that I'm selling at three stores and involved in three forums I need to expand my Creative Team. For the most part I'll be selling the same kits at all three stores so creating the LO's is not really an issue. What I'm looking for is are few ladies to help spread the word. I have a lot of events going on at all three stores/forums and my own kit releases, contests, promotions as well.I am looking for someone to help with advertising, enabling, tweeting, giving RAKS, creating beautiful LO's, and leaving love in my forum galleries!In return you get full access to all three stores...and full use of any CU products! As well as admission to my private CT threads at my forums. And if I have enough volunteers you get to choose the kits you would like to  work with!If you are interested email me at aducharme@live.com with a link to your most active gallery, blog, a short bio, and a list of any Creative Teams you are on.BTW newbies welcome!!!Good Luck...This call will be open for a few weeks at least and every email will get a response towards the end of the call.... any help spreading the word of my CT call would be very appreciated!!!Here's a link to each of my stores so you can have a peek at my products... and what your in for!!""It's so hard to believe I am STILL writing about my trip to San Diego. It was over two weeks ago, people! Oh well. In between today and two weeks ago, I found myself completely overcome with a total lack of willpower of any sort, so I think it's kind of amazing that I even managed to get up in the morning these last few weeks. In case no one has ever said it, depression is totally debilitating, and it absolutely sucks.Luckily I'm feeling much better now! And I'm ready to wrap up my recap of our trip to San Diego.On Monday, Rob had to work, so Eric, Billy, and I directed ourselves to the beach, because west coast beaches are just WAY better than east coast beaches. It did not disappoint.Rob reintroduced me to the idea of the ""aerial"" jump shot in photography, so we gave it a try. I like how I totally bogarted the whole frame. Because that is just how I roll!After hitting the beach, we headed down to the San Diego Zoo. It was really fun. I'd been there years ago, but Billy and Eric had never been. I still like the Bronx Zoo better, but I will say the weather in San Diego was much better than the Bronx, at least while we were there, anyway.I put together a short video montage of the zoo, if you feel like seeing pictures and videos of some really amazing animals.And... that's it! We left for New York at about 4:30am on Tuesday morning and the rest is history. It was just what we needed, and it was great hanging out with the other half of the family. Can't wait to get back over there again. And I even got to check it off my list! This list is proving not to be the insurmountable mountain I thought it'd be, and it's actually keeping me focused on the good stuff in life. I totally need that, too.""it's been four nights here in Kawasaki, and i have to say, i am loving it. the feeling of being so far away from home, being so far away from everyting else. if only i don't have to wake up from this dream, and face the reality of life. if only all these could last a little longer, and perhaps i will be better.snow. beautiful.white. that was exactly what i experienced the first night i was here. although this is not my first time walking in the snow, it never failed to impress me how beautiful, pure, and yet cold it is. i guess my emotional manisfestation have even brought forward the love of being in the snow. anyway, i was informed that it rarely snows here, and i was lucky to have experienced the second snowfall this season (in fact, there was a third snow fall last night, but it wasn't just as heavy as the first night. am now praying for more tonight).shopping.eating.learning.culture. all these aspects have been mentioned so many times in my blog, and this is the first time where i really get to live the life. it is just so amazing to be in a place when there is so much happenings going on. what's more, being the adventurous person that i am, it is no surprise that i have discovered more charm in the city of kawasaki than the industrial estates. politics.friends.state.self : being on a same trip with one of the most seasoned politician of Penang has its pro and cons. in fact, i've come to learn of more things regarding politics, and also the thinking of the man behind one of the more important portfolios in Penang State Government. besides that, i've also managed to see a more down-to-earth human part for it, and probably did regain some of my trust to exercise my voting rights during the next election.diva.impressions.celebrity: i guess the water did affect some of my thinking here (or maybe it is just too cold), but i did one of the most amazing things that i wouldn't have done it in penang..taking self portraits. i know, the first thing i expect would be labelled vain. but don't judge me yet. look at the pictures on FB, and then tell me what you think. as to impressions, i didn't know that my presentation have left such a huge impression amongst the participants in the forum. in fact, i have been approached several times today, with people asking me to take pictures with them. besides that, being congratulated over and over again, and also being the subject of admiration (as i was told by a friend of shenyang) did inflate my ego a little. i promise i won't let it get to my head, but do cut me some slack so that i can enjoy my moment of glory. it is not surprising that my presentation is flawless, as i do enjoy being there in front..hehe.on separate matters, i know my previous post sounded bleak, but whatthe heck.. haha. it reflects my thoughts, emotions and opinions. hahah. but then, i do know how to become a better person, and i will not let [Q] get into the way of being Ben.sayonara.ai shiteru.Ben""I'm sitting here at home. Jake is playing a gig up in PC. Emmaus is asleep. I'm nervous to ""start"" anything for fear he may wake up. I know this is a normal feeling. It feels I'm a bit trapped in my own home. Don't get me wrong, I'm really enjoy this ""Mom"" thing. I feel needed/loved/blessed, and then some. It's just...different I guess is the word for it. I go back to work on Tuesday. Jake will be Mr. Mom or stay at home dad, or whatever you want to call it. I'm curious to see how my energy level is going to be while at work, and how sleeping and feedings will be when i have to be at work at 9am. I'm hoping that Emmaus will meld with my schedule as per when he's hungry. I know everything will work out, and I'm very grateful/greatful ( i never remember how to spell that silly word) that Jake gets to be at home with our son. I just want things to be the best they can be. I want our hospital bills to get paid off sooner than later. I want to buy some simple furniture so our house is comfy for us and guests. I want Jake to get the things he wants for his garden/yard. I want the pictures put up on the all in a way that I like and Jake doesn't feel that it looks ""cluttered."" I want time to visit friends and family and to fellowship with people over a meal. I hope people aren't put off because I have to stop and feed sometimes when we're playing games or hanging out. I want to travel to places near and far. God, I thank you for your provision as always. For the birth and health of Emmaus and Jake and myself. For the love of my family and friends near and far. I pray for peace and understanding knowing that you know the desires of my heart and that everything will be wonderful and we will enjoy this life to the fullest because we can and because you give us reason to live. Lord, you are my everything and thank you for ...everything. Amen.I better sign off before he wakes up and needs a diaper change. smiles. and as always. thanks for reading.""With his crackpot denial that HIV causes AIDS, his appointment of a health minister who recommended beets and garlic garlic as treatment for South Africa's more than 5 million HIV infected citizens, his corrupt government, his incomprehensible support of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and his refusal to use South Africa's leverage to halt the horrors in Zimbabwe, former South African President Thabo Mbeki's legacy is a disgraceful one.In Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, Mbeki now heads an African Union panel set up in January 2009. It's composed of current and former African officials and it is tasked with helping to bring peace to war ravaged Darfur. It is also charged with investigating the atrocities committed in Darfur and advising the African Union on how to deal with perpetrators. They will issue a report of their findings in July. Today Mbeki announced that the panel will not consider any of the evidence compiled by the International Criminal Court.On March 4 the ICC announced an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omer Al-Bashir for war crimes and crimes against humanity, including murder, rape, torture and the forced displacement of millions in the Darfur region of Sudan.""In just a few days, 2009-2010 school year officially ends! Yey!Bea will be grade 6, Sam grade 4 and Vin will start preparatory. As i write this it just dawned on me that by next year (2011) Bea will be moving up to High School .. scary. Scary not because of the lessons she will be encountering but the fact that she is growing up too fast. Before i know it she will be entering College, like a thief in the night time will makes its entrance. I asked Bea what she wants to be ... she has many choice and has not really pegged a specific thing. Luckily, by the time she enters College there will be a lot of new opportunties, even online courses that are already a good choice to go will still improve and have more courses of specializations like health related careers, medical coding training courses, teaching courses (where Bea is also showing some interest in) and many more. This young generation will be showered with vast choices on where to go ... i always believed that one should follow thier hearst and not where the money is ... you must love what you do to succeed and excel in what ever you do.I trust Bea to make the perfect choice for her when the time comes ... whatever it is we will support her all the way.""a long time coming? Spring! Luckily spring is in the air, blooms are all around and it has inspired me to finally finish this post! So, lets recap - Part 1 was about fun ways for all of us ladies to go green & stop contributing to the landfill. Part 2 was Charity for charity's sake & covered tons of opportunities we have to give back to our community without busting out our check books. So what's the topic of discussion today you ask? Making the world a lovelier place by any means necessary! Ready to get your hands dirty? Literally?Let me start off by admitting something... I have black thumbs. BUT this is something that I don't like about myself - that I CAN CHANGE! Do you have black thumbs too? Do things go from garden to graveyard in the blink of an eye? Lets make this change and grow together - pun intended! We all know that reading is the best way to learn about anything and I have to say that You Grow Girl by Gayla Trail has really opened my eyes as to where I've gone wrong in the past with my garden patches. You'll learn all about starting from seed, composting, irrigation, container gardens & more! She also has a new book that just came out - Grow Great Grub. I don't have a copy yet but you can bet your pretty pink garden shears that I'll be picking one up soon and you should too. If you are broke but ready to get growing check out her blog. Fun Fact: The National Gardening Association says that on average families can get up to a $500 return on their investment in gardening. For $500 me & my manfriend can spend a long weekend at the beach! Gardening here I come! So, maybe you want to see things spring up and grow.. but you don't have any dirt to dig in? Think again! Dirt is everywhere. Sure it may not belong to you but that doesn't mean it's off limits. Grow rogue! Look around your neighborhood. There are medians, patches of grass next to bus stops, unused space in local parks AND yes - vacant lots that are screaming for a little love & affection. There's plenty of fun and sneaky ways to spread that love. Get Fresh Cut put together this rad video that will teach you all about DIY seed bombing and inspire you to transform your neighborhood! *I will say that you may not want to plant veggies and herbs for consumption in these public places. You don't want to eat kale that was pee'd on by a drunk or fogged out by traffic exhaust. Just sayin'.. Okay - on with the show:Did that get you all riled up and ready for more guerrilla style beautification tactics? Yes? Fantastic! Let's talk graffiti! No, don't bust out the Krylon just yet.. You will need a beer & a blender though for this most amazing and gorgeously green way to decorate your hood. Mossgraffiti! Okay, this won't work perfectly in all climates - including my own. Not a lot of moss here in Austin, TX... but that doesn't mean I won't give it a shot. You can create any image you like with moss and adhere it to any surface. All you need is: *1 can of beer*1/2 teaspoon sugar*Several clumps garden moss*1 plastic container (with lid)*a blender &*a paintbrush""here again is lonely sunsetand that familiar emptiness growingeven as the light itself diminishes,like touching hands through a screen doorknowing that departure comes nexteven while wondering whyhow I feel each time you slipfrom the passenger seatinto the cool arms of the night,cold metal and glass suddenlya wall between me and youand your brisk steps away from me,the last look over your shoulderbefore you disappear behind the cornersome kind of ship that sinks nightlydrowning the tiny clutching handsof my attachments,spilling their contents into the seaof darkening night,longing and desire set adrift,flotsam on the currents of passing timeanother day has slipped like waterthrough my fingersand I have nothing to showfor the air and water andsunlight consumed,nothing but these aging hairsupon my head imperceptiblymarking timeand this calendar of heartbeatsI cannot readwhat will I do with the sunlightif given again tomorrow?when will I be infinitely awarethat every moment, each exhaled breathis sunset?and every next moment,each new rising of my chestan un-promised sunrise?when will I unflinchingly seethat time passes at the speed of light,and yet any moment, cuppedlike precious water in my hands,holds infinitely still?""Oh how I love this boy! Gordon is such a sweet boy. This morning when we were eating breakfast I told them that there was no fighting on Valentine's Day, only loving and kissing. Gordon immediately got off his chair and started kissing my arm. He is my little snuggle bug. Not a day goes by when he doesn't curl up on my lap and snuggle with me.If anyone comes to our house, Gordon will undoubtedly give them a hug. He likes to play house and is always the baby because ""the baby gets to be held and rocked and loved"". (I think it might also have something to do with the fact that babies don't really do anything.)Gordon has recently started reading and is so enthralled in letters. He likes to sound out words and his favorite word to spell is ""pop"". We were talking about the nice things we could do for the others in our family and Gordon whispered to me, ""Can I give them pop?"" I told him it would be fine and now we are all finding little papers with ""pop"" written on them from Gordon. I love finding those papers!We recently registered Gordon for Kindergarten. I know he is excited to go and I am sure he will be just fine. I also notice how different he is from the other boys his age. While they all want to play Star Wars or Batman, Gordon is happy to talk about Winnie the Pooh or play house and be the baby. Hopefully the law isn't so strict that my ""Touch Love Language"" little boy can get a few hugs from his teacher. If not, I will be handing them out before and after school.""A large number of today's cellphones are now equipped with GPS capabilities. Perhaps users disdain the idea of carrying a lot of gadgets so having GPS in a mobile phone makes sense.Service providers and carriers have recognized the demand for Global Positioning Systems in handsets and a currently offering the service to a number of consumers. Let's look at the AT&T cell phone GPS which provides one of the most reliable services in the country.It's obvious that AT&T has a solid strategy on providing location based services to its clients. The carrier has also recently launched the Garmin G60 Nuvifone, a Global Positioning System based handset.Let's get into the meat of AT&T cell phone GPS.The carrier offers two GPS services. The Navigator provides real-time turn-by-turn navigation on Smartphone or static navigation and Local Search on phones with no GPS capabilities. The Navigator Global Edition on the other hand offers mapping and Point of Interest content for three continents, including North America (U.S., Canada, and Mexico), Western Europe, and China.Other aspects of the AT&T cell phone GPS include:field force management asset trackingfield service automationproductivity tools like GPS timecards and wireless formsThe wireless service provider also offers the FamilyMap which offers peace of mind by allowing parents to conveniently locate a family member's wireless phone on a map from a mobile phone or PC. Other applications and location based services offered by AT&T include:MapQuest Navigator AAA MobileLoopt WhereSlifter GeoCache NavigatorCaddyHawk Allsport GPSThat's it for this post on the Global Positioning System based services offered by AT&T. Tune in to this blog to get more useful information on everything wireless.""You all know how I feel about saving money! I really LOVE it! It's my ""thing""! But, this week, I was feeling pretty cranky about the whole coupon thing. I hadn't been to the store in a few weeks, so it was taking a lot of time and brain cells to get this week's preparations done. Last night, I just quit and went to bed because my brain wasn't functioning and just couldn't organize anymore. This morning, I got up at 5 and finished, still not looking forward to whole shopping experience.You see, for the sales this week, they would take $5 off for every 10 of the special sale items you purchase, meaning that I had to keep track of everything while I shopped. It is a real headache sometimes. Today was no exception.I got to the store early, (to beat the snowbirds) and started in on it. About 1/2 way through my shopping, my pen (that I was keeping my 10 item tally with) ran out of ink. Did I have another pen in my purse? No. I was SO bugged! There was no amount of sucking or shaking that would make my pen write. Grrrr.. So I headed off to the office supply aisle to begrudgingly buy a pen.Standing there in front of the pens were 2 men having a indepth discussion about pens. So, I reached around them, grabbed a ""sale"" pen and started to head off. One of the men asked if I wouldn't mind helping his friend find a pen. That's when I noticed that one of the men was very mentally handicapped, and he was helping his blind friend try to find pens. The blind man said he wanted a ""Bic"" pen, so I told him about a few there, then grabbed a bag of the ""bulk"" pens from the bottom, which were what he was looking for. They were SO happy to get the pens! They thanked me over and over!""A more enduring battle than Me vs. Job Market has been Me vs. My Hair.Since I was four (I blame Florida water), I've had this mass of rebellious corkscrews on my head. And not the soft, bouncy Shirly Temple type, or the funky Lauryn Hill coiffe, but a frizzy mop that defies the blow dryer, good weather and any Japanese straightening system that wages war against genetics.When I was eight, I attempted to de-volumize and had it all chopped off to a couple of inches. The end result was a full on square-shaped 'fro that earned me nicknames like Don King, and plenty of bawling sessions in the lower bunk bed. Then when I was 12 I discovered a straightener and have since spent hours with 430 degrees applied to my scalp for parties, interviews, or any time I needed to feel, yes I am saying it, empowered.At age 13, an age when you will do anything that will make you look like everyone else, I succumbed to a $500 burning ointment that changed the chemistry of my locks, and continued to shell out atrocious amounts for just a few months of normalcy over the next eight years.But things change. I went through a couple more battles with Self, and then to college, where I watched this one guy in the Plaza of the Americas hang out in the grass with incredibly tangled and mangled blonde hair, sticking up and coagulating into dreadlocks and probably washed less than my car.And I met Lynsey, whose own hair liberation inspired me to question why I was constantly suppressing, straightening, stressing out what was rightfully my version of beauty. She called it ""going natural"", and while I touted going natural in all other aspects, I never considered how vital it could be for my hair.Fast forward to last weekend when I sat in the chair at the hairdressers. Every hairdresser except for one (who quit) tells me to straighten and relax my hair. Last Saturday was no different and I started my usual apologetic shpiel for the difficult situation I had burdened my stylist with.On her third insistence that I pay her hundreds to relax my hair, I got straight up angry. With a smile still on my face I said, ""I like my hair. I like it curly and I don't want to straighten it."" So she made a face, she shrugged, she kept cutting. At the end, she said, ""I'm glad you like your hair.""Sometimes I read articles about how straight hair is taken more seriously and how to buy the perfect straightening iron. And it's true that the click-clack of heels and a shiny blow-out helps me face an employer or potential date with more confidence. But on just any day, like a misty March Sunday, I've got my hair down and free and in absolute defiance of any glossy ad, and I'm reveling. Isn't that what it means to grow up?""For some reason I keep having dreams that someone breaks into my home and kidnaps Gage. I guess it's just my worst fear with all of the crazy people in this world. Then this morning I thought my worst fear had come true. Here's what happened ...Last week I had a photographer come to the house to take some pictures of Gage. I figured that would be a great Christmas present for the 4 sets of grandparents that Gage has. The girl came to the house and was really nice but came off like she might have been on something. After that night I started having bad dreams about someone breaking into the house and taking him. Then last night she came back to deliver the CD with all of the pictures. Only she brought her husband with her. They walked into the house and I caught a really odd vibe from her husband. First off he is a tattoo artist and I am sure a very nice guy but he had tattoo's on his face and they were alittle freaky. He didn't crack a single smile, although I am sure he was uncomfortable being in a strangers house. He hovered over her very closely as we stood over the computer looking at the prints. She kept asking to see Gage who was comfortably relaxing in his bouncer chair in the living room. So I brought her over to see him. She asked to hold him and I obliged then she walked over to her husband saying isn't he the cutest baby ever, he's my little buddy. I thought it was cute but this guy still didn't crack any sort of smile. He just looked angry/evil. Shortly after that they left. We locked up the house and went back to our normal routine put Gage to bed and then we went to sleep. Patrick and I have been switching off every other morning on getting up with Gage for his feeding. The routine is Gage usually wakes up between 5 a.m. and 7 a.m. eats a bottle and then goes back to bed in his bouncer. He would go back to bed in his crib but his window faces east so the sun shines in his window and since the window is over sized we had to custom order a black out curtain and well it's not here yet. So when we put him down after his feeding he goes into his bouncer and sleeps in the living room so that Patrick's snoring doesn't wake him. As a courtesy to each other on the mornings I get up with Gage I turn the baby monitor off so that Gage's crying doesn't wake Pat up and Patrick does the same on his mornings. So anyway back to the point I wake up from my bad dream at about 10 to 6, completely shaken I look at the clock and look at the monitor. Why don't I hear the baby snoring I run to Gage's room and look down into the crib. He's not there! My reaction ..... scream bloody murder! Patrick jumps out of bed to see whats going on. At this point I'm on the floor crying and screaming he's gone. Amy he's in the bouncer. I'm sobbing so uncontrollably I don't hear what Patrick is saying so he picks Gage up and brings him to me. I sat on the floor for what felt like and eternity clinging to Gage so happy to see him. I guess he woke up around 4 a.m. and Patrick heard him chewing on his hand so he got up to check on him and decided to feed him and put him in his bouncer. In an attempt not to wake me since I have been sleeping so bad from those dreams. It never even occurred to me that he might have already been in his bouncer I am just so use to waking up to his cries when I didn't hear them I immediately thought the worst. Then seeing the monitor on it just didn't register that he might have already been up. After all calmed down I asked Pat why he didn't turn the monitor off and he admitted that the girls husband scared him alittle as well and he wanted to make sure he could hear on the other side of the house.Something happening to Gage is my worst fear. If anything ever happened to him, I just don't know what I would do with myself. He's my world! Sometimes when I watch the news and see yet another child has been kidnapped, I catch myself saying ""Thank god that isn't my child"". My heart just sinks for those families who have had someone kidnap there child. Dreaming about it is bad enough, I just truly couldn't imagine living out that nightmare.""After I participated in a rousing SXSW panel about content recommendations, Emmanuel Marchal, general manager of London-based LikeCube approached me in the hall to tell me about his company. I thought it was pretty cool, so I captured a video interview with him right there.LikeCube was co-founded by a semantic web technologist and an anthropologist four years ago, and funded by the UK¡¯s National Endowment for Science Technology and the Arts. It combines metadata, user activity and personalization to help clients recommend locations on a per-user basis (watch the video for more specifics). The service works around the idea that the wisdom of the crowds is too general to make recommendations for everyone. Of course nobody would disagree with that idea when it comes to music or movies, but the principle probably applies to restaurants and hotels too.The company powers recommendations for Qype, which is a European version of Yelp, and is working to secure other such deals in categories such as travel. LikeCube charges a licensing fee and also splits revenue with its white-label clients.Marchal pointed out that on TripAdvisor, the single worst dirty U.S. hotel is a place in San Francisco. If you check out the hotel¡¯s reviews, 80 percent of reviewers said they wouldn¡¯t recommend it to a friend, which necessarily means that 20 percent of reviewers would recommend it. Perhaps those folks just aren¡¯t very kind to their friends, but Marchal¡¯s point is that people¡¯s tastes differ; for some, this hotel would be the right value for the price.""blocks from our hotel. We didn't see turtles -- although the lifeguard says she's sometimes seen them there -- but we saw lots and lots of lots of fish: big fish, small fish, pale fish, bright fish, and one absolutely gorgeous yellow and orange and turquoise fish that's about the prettiest thing I've ever seen, but that I can't find on the fish ID card Snorkel Bob's gave us.Gary said, ""This is like swimming in an aquarium."" Also, we got there early enough that for the first hour or so, we were the only people in the water. Amazing!There were a few minor mishaps. I swam out pretty far, to the spot where the lifeguard said she'd seen turtles, and wound up being pulled several beaches down by a strong current. (Respect Mother Ocean!) And both of us got some scrapes and bruises, from coral and rocks, getting back into shore, as careful as we tried to be not to touch or damage anything. But now we know the best entrance and egress point, and also know not to swim out too far, so that's all very useful info.Gary loves this as much as I do, which is great. He's the hiker in the family, and I'm the swimmer: I can't keep up with him when he hikes, and he finds most swimming venues too cold, and has no interest in swimming laps. But we've finally found a sport we can share. Yay! We're now thinking of buying our own snorkel equipment -- the snorkels and Gary's mask, anyway; fins are heavy to transport and inexpensive to rent -- and of planning more snorkel vacations in the future. Yay, snorkeling!""hello. my name is sarah. i used to be a cheerleader. i'm depressed.in high school cheerleading was AMAZING. it was so much fun. it gave me most of the friends i have today. our coach SUCKED every year, well it was the same lady, but because of her we pretty much sucked every year. we got basically last at competition all the time. but we still had so much fun, i still got to compete which is a rush nothing else can ever equal. we did cool stuff like wore our uniforms on game days and had bake sales and decorated together and dressed up for homecoming. and although we never really ""went anywhere"" as in doing well at competition and stuff i still loved it. cheerleading was like my high school life. it was fun, even when practices sucked and people cried and i got bloody noses. it was fun because the people i did it with made it fun and we tried our best and it was good.in college i thought i would try cheerleading since i liked it so much in high school. but the tryouts were during the summer and i couldn't make them. i thought oh well, it wasn't meant to be. in september i saw a huge sign for cheerleading tryouts, it was so amazing so i went to them. turns out they didn't have enough people from the summer and needed a bigger team. so i tried out, but i became the alternate. the coach assured me i would not be left out and i would definately have a place on the team and be able to compete if someone got hurt or something happened. i was disappointed but decided it would be ok and i would do it. practices began. they sucked. they were soooo long and sooo boring and i didn't get to do much because i was an alternate....coach lied a bit. the team was pretty much all cliquey already and i just didn't fit in. it wasn't like high school at all where every year when new people joined the team we accepted them and eventually we became a big family. they just wouldn't let me in and so i was always shy and didn't get to come out of my shell and be the crazy person i really am which is why everyone loves me. time passed and i hated cheerleading more and more, not the actual sport but just doing it at keene state. then one night someone fell on me and i sprained my ankle. after that i couldn't do anything. i just sat there. i had to come back from winter break like a week early to practice but i still couldn't do much. it was ridiculous. and then one day when we were about to leave for an away game the coach told me i was no longer on the team (in so many words) i cried a lot but i was also pretty happy since i hated it so much.today i look back on these two worlds with sadness. unlike the people younger then me in high school who got to have a new coach and really make something of themselves those last two years of highschool i got nothing and have only the happy memories but no fulfilling cheerleading career to look back in. in college i am like a black sheep of the team. everyone pretty much thinks i'm a slacker and they dislike me. the coach obviously dislikes me since she kicked me off the team. so i could never go back to them and even if i wanted to i doubt i would make the team. i lost my train of thought and i'm still sad so i'm gonna go now. i'm glad i got all that out. don't know how much it helped however. i think i'm gonna go buy a cheerlading handbook.""Happy March! What have you all been up to? I hope you're all doing dandy fine and groovyliciously.I've been watching Who Framed Roger Rabbit. What a phenomenal film. I like it much more immensely than, say...Avatar.*dodges rotten tomatoes*I saw WFRR back in the day and was pretty impressed; now I'm going to add charmed, riveted, transfixed and awed to the list of adjectives. I'm watching in installments, tonight will be the third and I think I'll bring along my sketchbook. I've also been reading Joann Sfar and Emmanuel Guibert's graphic novel, The Professor's Daughter. I spotted it on the shelf at the library who knows how. One glance through and I was enchanted and totally jazzed by the fluid, expressive lines of Guibert's sepia inks. Totally amazing. I'm going to buy this for my permanent collection (I don't buy many books due to budgetary constraints but this is definitely worth an exception).So today while I was in the waiting room at the clinic, I sketched from the book and had a really great time. He is such an inspiration. The storywriting is superb, funny, and as engaging as the panels.""Well, I read baseball news.I figured the key to running without thinking about time, or how tired I am, or the distance. READING! I forgot my iPod today (it is in my coat pocket and it is too warm for a coat today), so I stationed myself in front of the ESPN TV because it has closed captioning. Today was all about baseball. No word on the Cardinals or the Indians, but I think that might have been in the next half hour I was lifting weights.I did not run yesterday for a number of reasons - most importantly the way my schedule lined itself out yesterday did not give me the time in between obligations. So I put it off to today, the day I opted to take off in my schedule. That's OK, I think it actually made for a better run today.Run Distance: 3 milesRun Time: 32:45Other Activity: Arm weights (least favorite)Feeling: I don't rememberSoundtrack: The gymI think I'm going to start bringing some reading for my runs. A way to keep up on my reading for class and a way to pass the time.""Classmates.com ¡ª the website that promises to reunite people with their mullet-haired friends of youth ¡ª has agreed to pay out a $9.5 million settlement for a lawsuit dating back to 2008 accusing the company of ¡°false advertising¡± through ¡°deceptive¡± marketing emails.The problems for Classmate.com began back in late 2007, when San Diego resident Anthony Michaels received an email from the social networking company informing him that his old classmates were trying to contact him.In order to see who and why, Michaels had to upgrade to a ¡°Gold Membership.¡± However, upon forking out to do so, he discovered that nobody was trying to get in touch; it was just a dubious marketing ploy from Classmates.com.Michaels initiated a false advertising lawsuit against Classmates.com, which became a class action suit that anyone who suffered the same fate as the plaintiff could sign up for.Fast forward to today: although Classmates.com has admitted no wrongdoing as part of the proposed settlement now waiting for U.S. District Court approval, it has agreed to pay out $3 for every Classmates.com member who upgraded to a ¡°Gold Membership¡± on the site after receiving an email like Michaels¡¯ ¡ª estimated to be just over 3 million people.Whether or not you sympathize with those that fell for Classmate.com¡¯s oh-so-obvious tactics, it¡¯s an interesting case in terms of wider web marketing. Dating sites are known to carry out similar practices, and this settlement may make offenders sit up and take note.While this particular case may be settled, it¡¯s not the end of Classmates.com¡¯s legal troubles. The site is facing another lawsuit filed just this month, this time a class action privacy lawsuit that accuses Classmates.com of ignoring federal and state privacy laws by making user profiles public via a controversial opt-out scheme.""I have agreed to take part in.The Round Robin starts today.This month:-1. you have to make a piece of fabric, a fat 1/4 in size.  You can stamp, dye, print etc.  You all have a theme to work to, and you can use architecture, culture, clothes etc as your design source.2.  Your fabric must to be passed onto the next  person BY the 31st March, with your design source/image to show that person where your ideas are coming from.Using the random number generator this is what you have got-1)  Nickie-Europe2) Margaret-Asia3) Di-Australasia4) Deb-Africa5) Sharne-America'sI will email you all on March 22nd with info on who to pass your fabric onto.Please post photo's on your blog of what you are doing with the challenge. So now I seriously need to get my thinking hat on. It's been a while since I did any design work of any description and I felt that I should challenge myself again.Also have the Chairmans challenge at Ferrers Quilters to think about. This is to make a miniature quilt any style any technique. A miniature is not something that I have attempted before so again a challenge for me.Also have a stall at a Tattoo convention at the end of the month and need to produce some stock for that.Phew!On top of all this I have a new role at work and this is another new challenge.I am still enjoying the belly dancing immensely and have (hopefully) booked tickets for an all day event which will include me doing 3 workshops. Very scary as I am a complete beginner.One of them is on American Tribal Style which is a form of belly dancing that I really like and may want to continue with.Although the event is in Andover the tutor for this ATS is local so it would not be too hard to get to classes.So, for me, quite enough on my plate at the moment""Shown here in Offerings to Horus are more items to be offered to the gods such as were found in the tombs of the deceased. Some of these offering lists describe many kinds of breads and cakes and one in particular called, shat-cake, is very interesting. This cake was an unusual isosceles triangle shape and because of its height had to be laid on its side, creating heads and tails in a pile. In a tomb from the 18th dynasty an entire kitchen scene depicts shat-cakes being made, date flour being sifted, and others frying and stacking the cakes. Grapes were common since antiquity but peaches were not introduced to Egypt until the Ptolemaic period.Any offering to Horus would have been of great importance because he played a crucial role in the life of the pharaoh. Fruits, meats, cakes, wines, and many other varieties of foods would have been on the lists. Other items were jewelry, coins, art objects, and precious metals, each an offering to ensure everlasting life.This painting was done on a wood panel which will create a different appearance from linen. Because of the hard texture-less surface the paint sits on the surface and creates splendid impasto.""I'm not sure how I feel about this. The 17-year-old author of a white-hot novel in Germany has admitted to lifting large parts of other works and inserting them into hers. She claims it's remixing rather than plagiarism. From the NYT article:¡°There¡¯s no such thing as originality anyway, just authenticity,¡± said Ms. Hegemann in a statement released by her publisher after the scandal broke.Are we looking at a future with the loss of the self? Scholarship is not only about recognizing and crediting one's sources. More than that, it's about finding relationships with texts, through those texts relationships with other writers and thinkers, and one's place in the dialogue around a topic. So if it's remixing, if we don't have to acknowledge outside sources, and if no one has to acknowledge us, then there are no relationships and no identity within the dialogue. As writers and thinkers, we would be submerged. So are we looking at a future with the loss of the self?""Last week the DesignHER Momma household was in survival mode. Michael was in Europe for over a week and the kids and I were left to ""fend"" if you know what I mean. No grand-parental support was available for reinforcement; it was just the kids and I for 7 looooooong days.I didn't blog about it at the time, because, you know, nothing spells I.D.I.O.T. more than declaring to the interweb that I'm home alone. I'm nobody's fool, yo.I realized a few things while my husband was gone:I don't know how single mom's do it. Let me say it again: I don't know how single moms do it. If you are one of them, I get on my knees and give you a big Waynes World ""I'm not worthy.""I have the best friends in the world. A few of you totally bailed me out when I was at my craziest. I own you one (or ten).Your body will really start to feel link junk after consecutive meals of alternating between chicken nuggets and frozen pizzas (accompanied by Diet Coke of course)I actually really like having my husband around. No, not just to help out with the kids, but to hang out with. He's a pretty fun guy and I love him a lot. awwwwwe....And lastly, but probably the most important, I realized that my kids are pretty awesome and they deserve an equally awesome mom.Right now, that mom is not me. I've finally made ""the appointment"" (you know, the one to fix the crazy). This is probably an appointment that is YEARS! overdue. I'll admit that I'm scared, excited, and really anxious about it.And while I detest it when my husband leaves, he has always come back. (Which sometimes, I wouldn't blame him if he ran for the hills and never looked back). This time - he came back with ugly ammounts of Swiss chocolate.""We had a terrible, TERRIBLE storm here over the weekend. We lost power for most of Saturday night, but many people in the area are still without power, there's awful flooding, and the skies have continued to be gray and rainy.Yuck.I took the girls to Target today (where else?) just to get them out for awhile, as we are all going a bit stir crazy. On the ride there (which took twice as long as usual due to closed roads and flooding) we listened to our Yo Gabba Gabba cd. About 12 times.Jack's song (Bedtime Lullaby) came on and the following conversation ensued....Katie: Jack's song!LaLa: Yay, Jack's song! Night night baby Jack!Katie: No, wake up! Wake up Jack!Me: Baby Jack isnt really asleep Katie. He's up in heaven, remember? Up in the sky!LaLa: with the sun!Me: Right! Jack is up in heaven, with the sun and the moon and the stars. He's up there watching over you.Both girls stare intently for awhile out the window, up at the dark gray sky.Finally, Charlotte yells:""Jump!""Me: What did you say Lala?LaLa: Jump, baby Jack! Jump!Katie: Yes, jump Jack! Jump!The two of them stared expectantly out the car window for awhile, yelling JUMP! Fully expecting to see Jack come jumping down out of the clouds.That was my little bit of sunshine today.""I call this colleciton ""Polar Bear in a Snowstorm"", LOL I've been picking up canvases ForEVER, so I sat and sealed them all with gesso. There's big ones that are a project for my living room, down to teeny tiny ones with little easels. Can't wait to work on them!If unlike me, you NEED supplies, check out the Esty Supply Street Team (team esst) We have a total of over 25k great supplies, so whatever you need, we are sure to have it! I am having a special in my supply shop, INeedThat...Free shipping with purchases over $25! Its supposed to end at Midnight Sunday, but if you see something, go ahead and place the order, and just put in the comments that you saw the deal on my blog, and I will extend it for you!Well, what else? I really need to get things out of the studio, so I have listed several things on ebay. You can see the link on the right side here, under ""where you can find me"", so take a peek there, and see if there's anything you need listed. Bids welcome!Back to work...have that cutting board and the star boxes sitting here waiting for their final touches!""I have been a busy, busy girl!I am finished with Magic hour! (OK still have to sew the back together but that doesn't count!)And have moved on to Adams Black, White and Red quilt, I have it done except the boarders, and I have almost finished the two extra quilts from the left overs, I will get them done this weekend and posted since I have a three day weekend I am pretty sure I will have time to get all three finished!I have also been busy searching for a car for Torrie. Stuart has been working on a 72 bug for her to drive, but sadly has not made a lot of progress on it and it will not be drivable for a long while. So I made the command decision to use some of my savings and buy her a car...oh what a long strange trip this has been!!! I spent several days looking on craigslist for something in my budget and something that will be safe and reliable... well let me tell you, those three things just DO NOT go together!!!!I looked at one car that.... well lets just say, the pictures were wonderful (just love photo shop!) But when we actually saw the car, well side swiped, spray painted, water leaks oh and my personal favorite, they had MELTED the air bag cover back in place, of course no air bag because it had deployed when the car got hit!!! OMG.So, after that lovely little car I decided it was time to start calling dealerships, now I know that the chances of finding something in my price range is almost zero, but it never hurts to call.My first call, I get put on with this nice salesman named Rick, I explain to Rick that I have $XXX amount of money, not financing anything, something safe for a teenage girl.... you get the idea, well as we are talking Rick says to me... ""Do I know you?"" Me.. ""no"" he says ""you sound really familiar"" ...Oh I say... then he asks if I quilt.... now let me tell you, I work from home and do NOT know a lot of people especially men... so when a strange mans says he knows you, AND know you are a quilter the will FREAK you out! Anyhow, he then pauses and say...Wendi! I say..RICK... Turns out that I had completely forgotten that my good friend Wendi's (maker of the Cars quilt a couple of posts down) husband is a sales man, and low and behold but that was who I got put on with... well, long long story short, Rick was a wonderful help, I ask him to please find a car that he would buy for HIS teenage daughter (yes he has one too) and he did. I did cost more than I had planned on spending...(I will NOT be putting a fence up this year after all) But I got an excellent car for Torrie... So with out further ado... Torrie's new ""Grandma Car""""Well nearly a year has passed..which makes me another year older, but I won¡¯t dwell on that. Daren't.In a lot of ways nothing has changed, life has trundled on as it has a habit of doing, but I suppose the changes were just gradual and with me not writing about them, I simply didn¡¯t notice.And writing is something I miss. If I had the time I like to think I¡¯d still be writing, but I suppose I do have the time, just that other things are more appealing at the given moment...I¡¯m no longer working. I gave it up about a month ago. Maybe longer, I¡¯m not sure as I¡¯m not counting ? which is bliss! Some of my friends thought I might get bored being a full time mom again, but I¡¯ve never been the type of person who can¡¯t find something to do!So my days are now filled with cleaning, and painting the house. And a bit of that online game I mentioned last year, possibly even a ¡®bit¡¯ too much. But we each find ways of escaping, and that¡¯s mine.On the family front, the eldest lad R, is off to America this Christmas, on his own, to see his ex- girlfriend. And yes that¡¯s a tale all of its own I may cover sometime...The second son P, has started secondary school, is in the top group, and is getting As (who would have thought it possible?? Long may it last...) He re-sat the entrance exam to the other school he still wants to go to last Saturday, and ?yet again- we sit here waiting to find out if he passed. And then, whether there will be a place for himEldest daughter J, is as beautiful as ever, still as confident and popular as ever, and I still wonder where she gets it from, cause it sure ain¡¯t me!And the youngest daughter S...well, heaven help us all, she¡¯s a law unto herself. She doesn¡¯t give a fig for school, other than it¡¯s handy for socialising; always looked like she got dressed in the dark; and still sounds like a 3 year old with her high pitched squeaky voice (my mother says wants her to have elocution lessons ;))Which brings us back to me. I gave up smoking at the start of the year. But I took up drinking instead ? which frankly did nothing for me! Don¡¯t get me wrong, I don¡¯t mean I turned into a demon when tipsy, in fact the kids adored me drinking as they said I was so much nicer....but I put on some weight. More than when I was pregnant! And I never stopped missing the cigarettes. So a couple of weeks ago, I swapped back. Now I smoke, and again don¡¯t drink. I prefer it like this. And the weight is coming off fast :)There really isn¡¯t a lot more going on in my life these days. Oh..I¡¯ve taken over the running of the school uniform shop ? but that¡¯s hardly great gossip or intriguing tales for here.But who knows, maybe something interesting or funny will happen tomorrow...^^""My heroes - The Lone Ranger and Tonto and Jack (not necessarily in that order!)When I come home after a Bad Day at Black Rock - I open the door and hear the William Tell Overture blasting away in full volume from our stereo. Jack just knows when to play it for me.The Lone Ranger and Tonto have been my heroes for as long as I can remember. I love them.For my 30th birthday, I decided I was worth some awesome gifts. I never asked for anything from Jack, and back then I didn't receive a H--- of a lot either, so I put down my ""demands"" with a note saying I was worth every single thing on my list!My list went something like this: an art book, some art pencils, a silver wedding band because I am so not a gold/diamonds kinda gal and lastly, I wanted to meet the Lone Ranger!Well, I got everything on my list except Clayton Moore. I was one very happy camper because the latter item was just for fun!Then one day, Jack says, ""I need to go pick up something from a buddy, do you want to go along with me?""I said sure and away we went. We pulled up in front of a townhouse and as we entered the gate, out came .... I am serious here... The Lone Ranger --- Clayton Moore in person... mask and all!!!(Be still my heart!)Jack really came through. (40 years later, I can say ""again, and again, and again he comes through for me!!!)SooooOOOooo ... long story short : I was absolutely spellbound.(So why am I telling you this now? Because he is playing the William Tell Overture for me right this very moment..... gotta love this man of mine!)""happy monday!  well off to the new week and of course that means  new stuff from  BBTB2 YAY YAY! heather's doing such  a great job with BBTB  dont ya think :)  be sure to stop by and play along with us  its not only fun for the DT to see what each other comes up with for the week but also to see what you can do for us :)were very fortunate to have Technique Tuesday as  our sponsor. we were sent the cutest lil stamp set to use .. along with that heather chose for us to use flourish3 from stretch your imagination cartridge.so for my card...which i had so much fun working on...the deer, butterflies, mushrooms, flowers and sentiment are all from the stamp set called oh deer. ( theres a few other things included with this set too)  i adore this set!! clear stamps and they stamp so perfectly.so where the heck is the flourish we were supposed to use..well, its what the flowers are growing on :) i cut 2 and just glued them down then stamped and cut out those sweet little flowers . pretty eh :) i made a cute lil button sun by punching a 1 3/4 inch circle then i traced around the button, snipped around glued the button on and wah lah!  sweet . my fabulous paper is by memorybox. i added a tad of stickles memorybox pearls and colored  all the stamped images with colorbox fluid chalk.i also cut some paper and made a grassy hill . hope you like this one :) thank you big time for stopping by for a visit i love company :)hoping your week starts off good :) XXXshelly""I ran 7 miles on Saturday. It felt good! I was strong, had good form and it wasn't as dreadful as I thought it would have been. I attempted 3 miles yesterday but I could tell that my body needed some rest so I ran a mile and walked a mile. Today is a rest day and I can tell my body needs it. It feels good to relax some, perhaps I'll actually get some scrapbooking or cleaning done.Work is OK, we're moving locations. I knew this was coming just not so fast. I'm helping with seating arrangements and everyone and their uncle has to put their 2 cents in. Just be happy you have a desk to sit at!!! Then there's Miss Nosey pants co-worker who needs to know everything....Um I don't need your help with this so step back.Passports came on Saturday so that's exciting....Germany here we come. Now only if flight prices would come down I'd be a happy girl.Guess that's all, not much to say for a Monday morning.""A brief reconstruction of the event in question (partially for your information, but more for my memory):Monday, January 11th: went into early labor on my own.3pm: reported for pre-scheduled doctor's appt. She decided to let me go home and get some rest, and fully expected me to end up in the hospital prior to the 5am induction time.Evening: actually slept through contractions, thanks to some good drugs :)Tuesday, January 12th5am: reported for scheduled induction. 4 cm dilated but with an irregular contraction pattern, so pitocin was started.8am(ish): epidural started.8:15am: Left side numb. Right side totally normal. Epidural redosed.8:30am: Totally numb with a blood pressure of 64/48. A few shots later, I was coherent again and had a more appropriate blood pressure.8:30am - 3:45pm: Repeat. Got an epidural redose at some point with another corresponding drop in blood pressure. Blood pressure also dropped every time they had me change position. Learned the warning signs so that I could tip the nurses off before it got too low. Contractions did their job so by 3:45, I was almost 10cm dilated.3:45pm: Epidural starting to wear off a bit. Didn't want a redose (nor did the doc want to do it) because I was so close to pushing; plus, I didn't want to be passing out while trying to push, given my track record.4pm: 10cm dilated, got the OK to push. Baby at 0 station.4pm-6pm: Pushing. A lot. Eventually they gave me a good drug in my IV to curb the nausea and vomiting (always a challenge when trying to push at the same time!).5:55pm: Baby still at 0 station. PA confirmed for my OB that the baby had not moved at all since I began pushing 2 hours earlier. OB said ""We only let people push for 3 hours if there is no progress being made. You can push for another hour but I really think we're going to end up doing a c-section regardless."" Me: ""Well, let's do it now then"". OB was also concerned that the baby could be much larger than we expected.6pm: Epidural wore off completely. Got to experience the joy of having severe contractions less than 30 seconds apart while not being allowed to push and with no pain relief while the anesthesiologist finished an epidural on another patient. Matt and my mom were provided with surgical attire and packed room in a mad dash. And then we waited.6:25pm: Anesthesiologist finally arrives. Pain medication administered. Able to catch breath.6:30pm: arrived in OR.6:40pm: Joshua William was born :) He came out grabbing onto the surgeon's tools...and they couldn't get him to let go! Turned out that he was face up, which was why he wasn't able to descend (and was only 7lbs 9oz, so not huge after all!). My OB said I almost certainly would have ended up with a c-section regardless.Due to some severe shoulder pain from the c-section (something about air in my abdominal cavity irritating a nerve), they ended up sedating me after Josh was born, so I remember seeing Matt holding him next to me and very little else from the next 2 hours. Arrived in my room in postpartum around 9pm.Ironically, though not the smoothest of days, I am so grateful that Josh arrived safely and is healthy that I would do it all again if I had to. God provided much grace and I have been healing much more quickly than I anticipated. God is good.""Wow, I can't believe I haven't posted since I got engaged! At least I have an excuse. Life has been absolutely INSANE. Planning a wedding in three months wasn't quite the piece of cake that maybe I thought it was going to be. At least I'm thinking that now that the wedding is NEXT SATURDAY.But, in the midst of all of this wedding-planning craziness, at least I know I'm doing the right thing. I just love Chad from the very bottom of my heart and can think of no one else I'd rather spend eternity with. Its so nice having that feeling of belonging with him and I feel so excited to take our relationship to yet another level. We have been through a lot together in these last four years...high school, college, commutes back and forth to Provo, a mission, letters, my dating shenanigans while he was gone (so sorry Chad), new jobs, my finishing school, a new car, new apartment, engagement, and finally wedding plans. Chad has always been there for me. I feel like such a lucky girl; I don't know what I ever did to deserve him!Yay, I love being in love. I love getting married next weekend. As emotional and scary the other stuff can be (ahem...rent, bills, car loans, tuition, real adulthood, etc.) I just know without a doubt that Chad and I will always be there for each other. And that what we are doing is exatly the right thing to do. Nothing in my life has ever felt more right.So thanks for listening to my sappiness. I'm excited for many of you to get here and celebrate with me! Let's celebrate love!""We finished the Century ride last month with no problems. Since then, we've been doing 60- to 90- mile rides almost every weekend in addition to a 15-mile ride every weekday morning. And, I'm signed up for an Olympic distance triathlon in September, which is a 1500-meter swim, 40K hilly bike ride, and a 10K run. I've done triathlons in the past, but not for a few years and never this long. Ultimately I hope to do a half Ironman in 2011. The new painting series is still in a conceptual stage, though I did actually get some paint on canvas recently. It doesn't feel as important right now as the internal and physical work. Reclaiming the health that I lost last year has taken on monumental importance to me. Having always been prone to depression, I know what matters most to me right now, and this is it. But it's also about renewing my relationship to this place, which is the only geographical location that has ever truly felt like home to me. My new series will be about that: a sense of place. I also want to reclaim the vegan lifestyle that we were essentially forced to give up in northern Italy, where we reverted to unprincipled vegetarianism. Everything is affected by what we put into our bodies, everything. And now, some photos from the century and our recent rides. ""ike today, i want to punch someone real hard. right on the mouth.i am such a debbie downer lately, everything puts me in a bad mood. everything pushes me over the edge.boo.like today for example, i called my pharmacy to refill my insulin. i have BARELY enough to eat things today. just barely. so i call in and they tell me i am out of refills. strange, because last month they said the same thing. they faxed my doctor and he sent in the refill. the box my insulin came in said i had TEN REFILLS. i am not sure how it went from ten to zero, but whatever. my diabetes doctor is not practicing anymore. last month around the 24th i received a letter saying he was no longer seeing patients, and that all future appointments were cancelled. so now i have to find a new doctor. fucking awesome. i doubt anyone knows a good diabetes doctor. maybe megan facer? anyway, i just wanted to whine some more on the internet so i hopefully don't freak out at trevor or start crying randomly.""I'm taking a break from meme's for awhile but will still be posting pictures now and then so you know that I'm still alive and well. A few weeks ago my daughter had an assignment in her photography class to take some shots that could be made into one panoramic shot using PhotoShop. I remembered that my camera has its own panoramic setting so I took my own shots along side of her. This is one in a series of four. I just used my camera's editing program to make the panoramic shot. Who needs PhotoShop anyway?I'm pretty pleased with  how it turned out and wish I had been using it a lot earlier. I could have gotten some great shots on vacation. Oh well, there's always this year.Click on the panoramic to get the full size. It's beeeuuutttiiifffuuullllll. "I have been an artist most of my lifeÿ.Finger paints, play dough, coloring books and crayons. I could never get enough! As a teenager, I had the most amazing art teacher in high school. Her name was Mrs. Lucas. She believed every one of her students had talent. She introduced me to silk screening, pottery and watercolor. I enjoyed it all. As time went on, my attention drifted to antiquing. I found that I love vintage furniture, dishes, buttons, jewelry, quilts and linens. One day about 10 years ago, I saw the most gorgeous vintage dresser. It was painted white, and the top, sides and drawer fronts were covered with broken vintage china! Suddenly, every thing seemed to click. All the art classes and the years spent drifting around antique stores and flea markets just came together in the beautiful world of mosaics. I love repurposing old furniture, teapots, trays, birdhouses, old windows and even guest bath counter tops into beautiful and functional works of art."Below is the first part of an unfinished presentation I'm writing for my contemporary poetry and poetics seminar. I'm enjoying writing it and I thought some of you might be interested. The Tapeworm Foundry is a conceptual long poem (fuck, what isn't) available on UbuWeb. Link.It's strange that my measure of 'presentability' is whether or not I'm comfortable posting something on here. ""Is it good enough/engaging enough to be posted on my blog?!"" versus ""is it good enough to perform in front of 20 people, including someone who will give me a grade?"" *rolls eyes at myself and then lights a cigarette*Also really enjoyed this blog post from a recently-discovered blog that has quickly become one of my favourites. Wicked shit about suicide-art Badiou embodiment etc.Also just wanted to say thank you to people who read this. My, uh, readership, has drastically increased over the past 4 months and I am genuinely appreciative of all who give a shit. *here I roll my eyes again and feel sheepish*the word 'sheepish' is strange, yeah?---¡°The issue is not about poetry online. It¡¯s the other thing that¡¯s at issue here: online poetry, a poetry that explicitly includes the processes of coding, programming and designing as part of the creative act; a poetry whose content is, to some degree, specific to the qualities of the environment in which it exists.¡± DWH.In ¡°Antifesto,¡± Darren Wershler-Henry refers to creative writing as ¡°code.¡± The Tapeworm Foundry engages with this idea and exemplifies ""our current confrontation with the codes and code-condition of language, poetry, and digital media"" (Drucker). The Tapeworm Foundry performs this process of coding/de-coding the ideological and material foundations of creative production. Each page functions like a screen of data that provides an inventory of information; a list of proposals for art projects and instructions for creating poetry that subvert the traditional modernist definition of art and poetry. In this sense, the poem is radically non-hierarchical, combining low and high culture seamlessly and with great humour. Equally demonstrative of this equalization is the use of ¡°andor¡± to separate each unit. This strategy implies an opening up of language; the poem unfolds itself and the reader takes up its possibilities.This focus on form and presentation rather than content emphasizes the materiality of language and poetry-construction/coding. This technique is reminiscent of the language poets attempt to dislodge the signified from the signifier. Similarly, Wershler-Henry shows that language is not inherently meaningful; language is given meaning when positioned within a particular narrative context. Although traditional reading and writing codes typically remain ¡°invisible¡± and unnoticed, the value of online poetry is that the coding/de-coding is explicit and thus functions as a critique of passive or uncritical reading. Thus, The Tapeworm Foundry challenges and subverts the traditional/modernist narrative codes that condition readers to consume and engage with a text in a predetermined, prescribed framework of reference. The ceaseless flow of text - each unrelated component - prevents the reader from superimposing a linear and all-encompassing narrative onto the poem. As a result, we can't consume the text as we would a commodity. Both the construction of the text as material object and as a narrative is magnified. In this sense, Wershler-Henry decodes how language functions by producing a meta-code that draws attention to its own construction in order to critique how code functions in general.""It is common knowledge that, despite their denials, the Sudanese government has long provided material support to the world's most stunningly brutal militia, the Lord's Resistance Army ( LRA).The LRA is Ugandan cult army without any current political agenda. It was founded by Joseph Kony in the 1980s. Since then Kony and his followers have been moving through deepest brush in Uganda, Congo, south Sudan and CAR, emerging only to plunder villages and to murder, rape, abduct and mutilate people. They abduct children to use as sex slaves, porters and to replenish their fighting forces.Sudanese planes have been spotted delivering arms and supplies to LRA outposts. A witness reported watching a plane full of weapons being unloaded, after which children were brought out of the bush and put on the plane. Presumably the children were flown back to northern Sudan to be sold on the slave market.After the LRA attacked a Central African village in Obo, they took three hundred children. I spoke to a UN rep who described the silence of the childless village, interrupted by the sound of weeping parents.In the 1990s and early 2000s the LRA served as a proxy army for the Sudanese government in its war against south Sudan -- just as that same regime would later work in tandem with the marauding Janjaweed militia.In the past year alone the LRA have killed thousands and sent almost a half a million traumatized people fleeing from their homes. The militia has now moved into south Darfur -- an area controlled by the Sudanese Government.LRA leader Joseph Kony and Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir have a thing or two in common. Both are wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes and crimes against humanity. The Ugandan Army has pursued and killed some members of the LRA, but in Sudan they have been offered a safe haven by their patron, Omer al-Bashir.""Today, ordinary Americans get a rare opportunity to weigh in on a life-and-death issue: Who gets access to scarce, life-saving treatments during a disaster?The public has been invited to participate in a teleconference (PDF) in which advisers to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will discuss ethical guidance they have drawn up for rationing mechanical ventilators in a severe influenza pandemic. (As we've reported, many states have been quietly laying plans for such a scenario. For example, Florida has considered excluding certain patients from ventilators.) Chances are, few people will phone in to join Monday's meeting. CDC officials have not advertised the session outside of a notice published late in the Federal Register.But you can join in. The hourlong conference takes place at 3 p.m. EST and anyone can listen to the proceedings by calling (866) 919-3560 and entering passcode 4168828. According to the agenda, the committee is scheduled to vote on the guidance before it opens the meeting to public comments. The document will then go to the full advisory committee to the director of the CDC for approval.""On April 27th I will begin a fast of water only in solidarity with the people of Darfur and as a personal expression of outrage at a world that is somehow able to stand by and watch innocent men, women and children needlessly die of starvation, thirst and disease.The Darfur crisis deepened on March 4th when the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for Sudanese president President Omar al-Bashir for his essential role in the murder, rape, torture and displacement of millions. Al-Bashir retaliated immediately by expelling thirteen key international aid agencies from Sudan, including Save the Children, Doctors Without Borders, CARE, Oxfam and the International Rescue Committee (IRC) along with three highly respected Sudanese agencies.Sudanese U.N. Ambassador Abdalhaleem claimed his government would have no problem filling in any gaps created by the expulsions. But U.N. humanitarian affairs chief John Holmes spoke honestly about the desperate realities: ""We do not, as the U.N. system, the NGOs do not, and the Sudanese government does not have the capacity to replace all the activities that have been going on. This is a decision which is likely to have a major impact on millions of people in Darfur who are in need on a daily basis, of life-saving humanitarian assistance."" According to the UN, as of this May more than a million people will be without food aid, medical assistance, and drinkable water.The United Nations humanitarian agencies issued their joint plea; ""The suspended NGOs account for more than half of the capacity for the aid operation in Darfur. If the life-saving assistance these agencies were providing is not restored shortly, it will have immediate, lasting and profound impacts on the well being of millions of Sudanese citizens. These organizations provide a lifeline to 4.7 million people.""I undertake this fast in the heartfelt hope that world leaders who know what is just and right will call upon the Government of Sudan to urgently readmit all of the expelled agencies or otherwise insure that the gap is filled, giving aid workers unimpeded access to the populations before they begin to die in numbers that could dwarf the Rwandan genocide. I also call upon President Obama and other leaders with influence to help build a credible peace process that can end the suffering in Darfur.""There is one thing that I can remember that was consistent from birthday to birthday growing up. That was our birthday cakes. My mom would go to great lengths to make sure that our cake was perfect and she did a very VERY good job at it. One common theme from year to year was that they all were decorated with small toys. I don't really know why this is significant or why I remember it so much. I just remember the excitement of blowing out the candles looking at what was soon to be your new toy ... as soon as the frosting was licked off of the feet of course.As I type this, my hands smell of sweet frosting and I am excited and honored that it is my turn to pass on my sweet mom's cake tradition to my family. I am not trained in ""the art of cake decorating"" like my mom was. She worked for a bakery until I was born and was quite skilled. In the future, I'd LOVE to take a class or two on cake decorating skills. BUT for now, my kids get my novice approach to cake decorating. For one of my first cakes, I am quite pleased with the outcome!I look forward to tomorrow when Jace will gather with his family to celebrate his birthday. I also am looking forward to watching him thoroughly enjoy my hard work ... even if all he really notices or cares for is to satisfy his sweet tooth!My baby is one!!""A t-shirt isn¡¯t just a cotton garment, it¡¯s a form of communication, a personal billboard that lets you get a message out to the world in a medium that offers the minimum of effort.Whether your geek tendencies lean towards gaming, Apple, space, film or social media, we¡¯ve got a sassy selection of tees that will have you reaching for the plastic before you can say ¡°medium, in blue, please.¡±After all, why go plain-chested when you can be spreading the word of geek? Emblazon your chest pronto with a themed tee that says it all.""ouldn't move.Couldn't breathe.Couldn't think.It was that intense.There was that slippery warmth in my belly, making my skin tingle, and my hands shake. It was the warm wetness of his lips, the way they kissed me until I had no idea where we were.It was the electric feeling of his hands gently cradling my face. Those big, strong hands touching me so gently, thumbs brushing my jaw.It was his eyes, a gorgeous chocolate brown, with tiny flickers of gold, like his eyes had pieces of the sun in them.It was the baked furnace feel of his hands touching me, like his touch left an imprint, a tattoo, a burn.It became his hands buried in my shoulders, when I tried to (reluctantly) push him away.It became me wanting him to bruise me with his handprints, to mark me with the force of his kiss.When the hotness of his mouth trailed fluttering kisses down my neck, to my collarbone, burning me from the inside, I looked at him, really looked at him.His lips were swollen from our kisses (they looked like mine felt) tender and pink and oh so enticing.I stood there, shaking, his hands holding my shoulders, and in that instant, I felt that ache of how long it's been since I've felt, since I've let myself feel, since I had the courage to just let go.When I looked at him again, our eyes caught, and I felt the electricity between us. I felt the warmth coming off him in waves.He slid his hand against my cheek, and ran the ball of his thumb over my lips.""Your mouth--"" he said wonderingly, his eyes moving down to my lips, before returning to my eyes.And he kissed me again.""Hi Everyone :)  I know I have been away for a while.  I have made many changes in the New Year.  I am happy.  I am well.  I am dancing to the beat of my own drum!  I am doing many, many really wonderful things.  I have been receiving a great deal of e-mails from everyone worried that I am not well.  I am terrific!  Really....Truly...Terrific!   I do miss everyone!  Beginning in 2010 I changed courtroom assignments and I am working with a new judge in a very busy trial court.  The move took me away from the office I have been in for the last 12 years!  A big, big change for me, but a really good one.  I am so happy in my new assignment and I just love the work I am doing!  It is so much fun and the types of cases we get are so entertaining.  It is just wonderful!   When I come back to blogging, I will have many really funny stories to tell :)))  I am also taking some classes, studying, have two young adult kids living with me...terrorizing me....ooops, did I say that? LOL..... and have just had a tremendous amount of social commitments lately.  Don't forget my Little Magpie and Marvin the Black Cat too...the animals for those of you that don't know....LOL  This is the reason for my absence.When we make dramatic changes in our lives sometimes we just have to kind of be selfish and focus on ourselves for a bit.  That is where I have been....reorganizing, changing things up, creating a new and better, happier life for myself.    When I make big changes I am the type of person that I turn inward to focus.  For me, it is the only way to hear my heart's true calling.  How does one visit 160 blog friends, multiple friends living in my own city, work, take classes, exercise and spend time with cherished loved ones....it's a full plate and I know we all have them.  Life is so amazing isn't it.  Sometimes our path is peaceful and sometimes it is just an incredibly wild ride.  I think the good news is that all things pass.  There are seasons so when we are in a good one, wow, be happy, enjoy it.  When we are in bad ones, take heart in knowing they will pass.  Right now I am enjoying this journey I am taking...it is hectic but it is a good, good path and I am thankful for it.  I was thinking about closing my blog but I feel strongly it is something I do want to come back to.  Blogging has been a great joy to me.  I love all my wonderful and creative friends.  You guys inspire and delight me!  Your friendships do mean a great deal to me, and like I say, I have missed everyone.  As you all know, the more followers one gets, the more time it takes to blog.  It is a huge commitment of time, love and  emotions.  I want to post things people actually want to read, not just post for the sake of posting.   My blog and the lack of attention to it of late has weighed heavily on my mind.  You all are important to me and I just have not been able to express that to you.   I am sorry for that.  I apologize to those of you who have been worried.I am officially still on hiatus.  I will return mid February to wish you all Happy Valentine's Day!  I have many fun things to share with you all and I am looking forward to coming back and sharing my life with you through my blog!In the meantime, I send you bundles of love and happy wishes and tons of kisses!  Enjoy your lives!  Have fun!  Live with passion and seek out what makes your hearts sing!  Make all your dreams come true!  This is my wish for you!I love you!xoxoKelly""Okay, so this isn't really a paradigm shift to me, just something that I was thinking about recently. But maybe it will be a paradigm shift to someone else.What makes a hero? That we could debateIs a hero a constant state of being, like being male or femaleOr is it something we grow into, like being a man or a womanOr is it something we are for a fleeting momentYet recognized foreverSuch as an olympic gold medal winnerOr is it something that comes and goesLike a world record holderWho knowsThis I am convinced of, thoughA true hero isn't made by accomplishing spectacular featsEverybody can be a heroSometimes you'll be recognized as a hero by everybodyOther times, nobody will know except you and GodBut I'm convinced that everyone can be a heroFor what is a heroExcept someone who simply puts others before themselvesWhen a friend needs a shoulder to cry onAnd you are there, you are a heroWhen your partner needs a task doneAnd you do it for them, even though you don't have to, you are a heroWhen someone is to blame for somethingAnd you take the blame, even though you're at faultYou're a hero, even if they never realize itMost of the time, opportunities to be a hero are smallOverlookedBut many times, just a small dose of selflessnessCould transform you from the person who made the problem worseTo somebody's heroYes, you have needs tooAnd there are many times when standing up for what you need is goodBut there are times when you should forget your own needsAnd that was one of those timesI can't say what you were thinkingBut to me the right thing to do seemed obviousIf you didn't feel like being a heroYou didn't have to beYou could have ignored the situationInstead, you had to go and make it worseIs it really that difficult to see that sometimes what you need just doesn't matterThat the right thing to do is to give up your need for a momentYou didn't have to come and try to helpAlthough if you did, you could have been her heroI just think it's so sadThat in a moment where you could have been a heroYou not only chose not to beBut became the enemyThe choice seems so clear and so simple to my eyesMaybe its not to yoursYet the fact remainsYou could have been a heroBut you weren't""I watched ¡°The Sound of Music¡± tonight for the first time in a long time. I saw it at Wal-Mart among various other titles I might have bought, but something told me to buy ¡°The Sound of Music.¡±  I have fond memories of watching it when TV was still cool enough to show things like ¡°The Wizard of Oz,¡± ¡°Ben Hur,¡± and of course ¡°The Sound of Music¡± once a year.  I don¡¯t know about y¡¯all, but that was a big deal in my family.  We REFUSED to miss any of these films the one night a year they came on because we didn¡¯t have a VCR until I was nearly in high school.  As an adult I¡¯ve looked on it simply as nostalgia.  A breath of fresh air for my polluted adult attitude. But tonight, ¡°Aidelwiess¡± in particular made me rather misty.  I never get misty at movies.  But something struck me about all of it and I didn¡¯t know why until a few scenes later at the ball Captain Von Trapp throws right before Maria leaves for the convent again.  In the scene, Maria and the captain dance an old Austrian folk dance.  And nostalgia grew into something like regret. Why aren¡¯t folk dances appreciated anymore?  Why does everyone feel the need to booty dance and grab-ass at a party?  Yes, it¡¯s true that people still do folk dances and ballroom dancing, etc.  But not MOST people.  We don¡¯t grow up learning these dances and the folk songs and stories that used to keep the whole of humanity from spiraling off the deep end of despair. There¡¯s such beauty in these things.  Real beauty.  Not what we think of as beauty today:  the glitz and glam of false airbrushed beauty.  The whole ¡°ooohhh shiny¡± mentality has never set well with me.  Shiny has no substance.  All it does is reflect something back that we like to think we are, but aren¡¯t.  What we are lies in folk dances, beautiful melodies (like ¡°Aidelwiess¡±) with simple lyrics that say nothing of sorrow or how messed up or angry the singer is or how they¡¯d rather be bumping booties with the ho up the block. ¡°Aidelweiss¡± is a song about a flower.  A flower, people.  And it nearly made me cry.Don¡¯t get me wrong, though.  I¡¯m all for freedom of expression and my ideas and thoughts are generally fairly liberal and always open-minded.  Yes, I love Tool and The Afghan Whigs and The Beastie Boys.  But all this needs to be balanced with something purer.  Everyone needs to try to find their innocence again ? or at least some part of it.  Like gemstones or precious metals, innocence is rare and it should be treasured even if you only take it out for special occasions.""Elvis decided to consume a baby blue zebra. More like a teenager actually. Maybe the teenager was mouthing off, telling Elvis he was an idiot and generally behaving as teenagers do. Maybe Elvis just had a sudden snack attack and couldn't control himself. Either way, when I got up yesterday, the above picture represents how I found Elvis.At first I wasn't too worried about it. Fish are not notoriously picky eaters. The only criteria that food really has to meet is that it fits in their mouth. I regularly lose babies to the bigger fish in my tank and I'm okay with that. Circle of life, extra protein snack, whatever, it's all good. But Elvis apparently either over estimated the size of his own mouth or under estimated the size of the other fish. Because he swam around with that dead teenager in his mouth for hours. Like, twelve of them. I started getting a little worried after the first five or six hours. At one point I even netted Elvis and tried removing the dead one by hand. I know right? Who lives the life of Riley? Who? That's right people, I do. Unfortunately, when faced with his insane keeper trying to ""save"" him, Elvis chomped down harder on his prize and refused to give it up. So I tossed him back in the tank and resigned myself to losing him when he finished choking to death on his snack. Honestly, I'm not even sure fish can choke to death what with their gills and all, but you get my point.Twelve hours after first seeing Elvis in his predicament I saw him swim into the plants and come up with an empty mouth. I immediately checked the tank and saw the dead fish laying behind the plants. Yay! I scooped the body out and deposited it into the appropriate burial location. Yes, the kitchen trash can, wrapped in paper towel and stuffed in a plastic bag. Then I went to check to see how Elvis was doing, and had to laugh. Because now he was swimming around with his mouth wide open like he couldn't close it. I started wondering if that was going to be permanent, him swimming around looking like a slack jawed idiot, but this morning he's back to normal.So at the end of the day, what have we learned? Fish are gluttonous half-wits with no spatial comprehension. Guess that's as good a lesson as any""The tea lover, that is . . . It's no secret that I love tea and my very favorite type of tea is chai.  Many tea companies (including my favorite company Not Just Tea) now make chai and you can pay a pretty penny for a box of twenty tea bags.  But really all traditional chai is is a spiced black tea.  I've thought about making my own chai for a while not but never really got around to it.  Until today when my sister, who loves chai as well, called me to ask for the ingredients to make it at home since paying $5 a cup for it at Starbucks is not a good look.  So I googled and came up with this:  Awesome (and Economical) Chai concentrate.  Now, I have lots of black tea around here which I don't like to drink because it's pretty bland on it's own so I was excited to give this recipe a try.  ""For those of you who know me March is usually a very fun month for me. It has my very favorite Holiday- Love the Irish!!!, spring is starting to sprout, my beautiful baby was born, and well overall it just is.This year- not so much.Starting with the morning of the second day visit to the ER to the ensuing progression of difficulties (how is a person supposed to ""kinda"" be on bed rest with a two year old?). I like to think I work hard at looking at positives and when I can't find any I work till I feel better. Unfortunately, this is not so much an option with this baby.This weekend though did spark a bit of the old for me. Ryan and I were able to load up the car and little guy (with DVD player) and travel the five hours to Baker City to visit his Aunt and Uncle. We went because I had business in Ontario, but the real joy was the visiting. I love Baker! For me it is the idyllic little town, part of this I know is simply because we don't live there and see all the troubles and when we go we get to have relaxing meals with family and their retired friends sharing intellectual conversation and fun stories. It is so fun for me to be back in a Valley town with surrounding mountains and clear views of wilderness, anitque""y"" stores and knowing almost everyone who comes through the coffee shop.It was also a wonderful sight to see my little Quinnster on the ground gently playing with Jinx, aunt Sandy's sweet tabby, or sitting on the front porch steps with Uncle Rod quizzing him on everything in the neighborhood. These like this help remind me that he isn't a little demon out to terrorize his mother, but rather just a sweet little kid exploring his world with a mischievous side to him too (genetically inherited from his father.)Of course it also helps that I can always count on Aunt Sandy to send me home with a great stack of books, that I quickly devour (yep, already down by one and it was a laugh out loud read- Thank you sooo much.)I am also very grateful that as the month is on the end stretch I have a trip to California this weekend coming. Can't wait to celebrate Quinn's second birthday at Disneyland with my family!Already have my massage scheduled for when I get in. Here's to hoping it will help me kick off a much better April- Go dtaitn¨ª an ghrian go bog bl¨¢th ar do chl¨¢r ¨¦adain!""I just finished reading one of my textbooks, written by Eugene Peterson, and he was talking about discipling relationships and what people need.  I loved one of his quotes: ""Sometimes I need a teacher, someone to explain the Scriptures, to clarify the Christian belief in some circumstance or relationship.  But mostly I do not: I need to become what I already know.  Sometimes I need a helper, someone to assist me out of a jam, someone to keep me accountable to my commitments.  But mostly I do not: I need to enter into the reality that is already God in and around me.""I am pretty passionate about mentorship relationships in the Christian context, and I think Peterson hits the nail on the head.  Too often when we are walking with people, we are trying to tell them how to be, when they already know.  We need to do more listening and ask more questions, aiming to help each other see the bigger picture of who we are in Christ.  It could really change things!""We have exciting news, Janessa made Jetettes and for those of you that don't know that is the drill team at Dixie High School where she will be attending next year. She has been in a dance class at the high school this year that Ms. P the advisor teaches so I think she had a little of an advantage. Well that and being 5'10"" and all legs, being able to do the head stand, kicking to the ceiling lights and pulling off red lipstick lips most of the criteria for being a jetette oh yeah, and a mom with an ATM card. According to Craig Hammer I will be using that quite frequently! (thanks Craig)Our sweet friend Hailey Hammer is a co-captain and she is adorable, it is such a great group of girls I'm excited for the new year. Late nights, early mornings, car washes, selling cookie dough, drama, fund raisers, birthday's for girls, selling concessions, traveling for competition, feeding 22 hungry girls, football games, basketball games, parades and these are the only ones I know about I'm sure there's plenty more to learn about being a jetette mom but I have to great friends to help me Marcia and Tresa have it all figured out!(PS the picture of Janessa and Malory is for real, they are best friends and what Mal lacks in height she makes up for in heart <3!)""My mind feels like a bowl of noodles these days! So many thoughts entwined, none really leading to anywhere! And it¡¯s difficult to pick up and talk about one...they just keep breaking! There¡¯s work, where my honeymoon period is over...and now there¡¯s real stuff to deal with. The settling down bit which I don¡¯t think I¡¯ve ever done before. There¡¯s life as I knew it ? travelling, blogging, photography and so much more...part of which I want again.There¡¯s life as I¡¯ve never known before, all thanks to somebody new. It¡¯s a trance like state; I seem to have lost touch with everything else! And I am definitely not complaining!!!There are surprises every day, and so many stories to tell, which I hope I soon will :)For now I have decided to pick up the chopsticks and enjoy this bowl of sweet confusion!!!""This week I spent an hour on the phone crying with a sweet friend of mine who recently had amiscarriage. She was asking all the normal questions... Why did He make me pregnant just to take her away?...What did I do wrong?...Will it happen again?...How could He let this happen?...Do You love me?I really don't have the answers, but I have asked all the questions many times. Some of the questions we ask can not be answered this side of heaven!That same morning the kids and I had read the account in Mark about Jesus walking on the seaout to tired, terrified disciples. And just that morning, I wrote in my journal these words....""The storms of life are not because You do not love us but because You DO. They are meant to force us into and encounter with an awesome God. Thank You that You always love me even when I deserve it the least!""I might not have all the answers and that is OK. I can listen to the pain of a friend. I can shed tears for her and a life she will not hold here on earth. I can understand the pain and the questions as I have walked that path myself. I can tell her the pain eases with time but tears are never far away! I am so glad I have a God who walks with me in the midst of the storms of my life!""Sadly, my four day weekend has come to an end.  Booo.  I will join the rest of the world and go to work tomorrow.  Again with the booo.I did do a few fun things!Friday I hung out with Linda and Shelly.  This hanging out included trash tv, girl talk, and frozen yogurt!  Saturday included cleaning, grocery shopping and a whole lot of waiting.  Jesse got home (!!!) 8pm that night and I made BBQ Chicken Pizza.  This is the same pizza I made last weekend.  It's so good though!  We sat around eating and watching tv.  I love having him here!Sunday we braved the crowds with three kids and went to the Kite Fest.  Man, was there a lot of people!  We parked allll the way by the animal shelter and walked alllll the way to Zilker.  It's not bad at all to walk, but kids make it a little harder to take on.  We got there and right away got all 3 kites in the air.  Mia was so excited!  She was just laughing!  She's never flown a kite {heck I've never flown a kite!} and it was fun to see her reaction.  Here are a couple of pics from that day.Sunday night Jesse and I headed over to our friend's house.  Scott & Becky were so kind to invite us over and make us dinner.  One of the sides was couscous.  It was my first time trying it & I thought it was really good.  It'll probably make its way into next week's menu!  But anyway!  On  to the fun part...we got to meet their daughter Avery Elizabeth!!  She is just too cute!  Sorry, I didnt get any pics of the little one, but believe me...she's precious!  Monday we got to sleep in.  It felt good!  Normally I cant sleep past 730am, but that morning I slept til 930!  I'm sure it had a lot to do with the time change.  But still, it felt good!  After our coffee and cereal we decided to be productive.  He worked out on the yard, while I worked out indoors.  Nice little workout.  We went out and ran a few errands then picked up Hai Ky.  Yum!  I always seem to get the same thing when I go there{vermicelli bowl with pork}so I think that next time I'm gonna try something different.  I'm already excited!  We took the food home to enjoy and watched the Invention of Lying.  Good movie!  This was actually my second time seeing it.  I watched it on Saturday while I was waiting for Jesse to get here.  But, it was funny enough to watch again.  :)Tuesday we did a whole lotta nothin'!  The weather called for laziness so we didn't fight it.  I did get Jesse to put up a shelf in the laundry area.  I've had a couple of ideas in my head for what to do about this small space.  Of course things dont always go accordingly so I'm having to figure something else out.  *sigh*  We did get out for a couple of hours!  We went to see She's Out of Your League.  Pretty funny movie!Four days goes by quickly, let me tell ya!  The only good thing about the return of work is that I'll do better with my eating and my diet.  Work keeps my routine in order.So cheers to a good week!""I had a wonderful encounter with God yesterday.In an ordinary moment, He caught me by surprise. He met me where I was. He heard my cry. He spoke truth into my heart. We are going through a deep, dark valley, facing a personal battle that has turned everything upside down and inside out. I am praying, praying, praying - for healing, for deliverance, for grace, for strength. It is the hardest season we've walked through in our twelve years together - and if you know us, you know that we've had our share of hard seasons. Yesterday, I needed to be with other believers. I was drained. I needed to share my burden and be lifted up in prayer. I needed encouragement and nourishment from God's word. So, I left my sick children at home with Ben and went to our wonderful House Church.Our leader took us into the book of Daniel, and the story of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. Inside of such a familiar tale, God brought new revelation that spoke so clearly to my need, I could hardly contain myself. If you don't know the story, King Nebuchadnezzar commanded that all of the people bow down in worship before an idol. Three of his officials refused to do so. When he threatened them with certain death in his fiery furnace, they responded:""Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego replied to the king, ""O Nebuchadnezzar, we do not need to defend ourselves before you in this matter. If we are thrown into the blazing furnace, the God we serve is able to save us from it, and he will rescue us from your hand, O king. But even if he does not, we want you to know, O king, that we will not serve your gods or worship the image of gold you have set up."" Dan. 3:16-18It was the last verse that pierced my heart. The words that are still repeating in my mind: Even if. Even if. Even if.Even if we never get our dream house...Even if we never make it to Europe...Even if Ben's business fails...Even if our children fail us...Even if I'm never healed of migraines...Even if we get cancer...Even if our circumstances never change...Even if we don't get out of the valley...Even if our lives fall apart, we will not turn away from God. We will not forget his promises, his faithfulness, his goodness, or his mercy.We will not be abandoned.We will be whole, and loved, and provided for.We will have Jesus.""My Aunt Mary Jo passed away earlier this afternoon. She has been battling MS for many years now and has been in a nursing home for a while. She choked on some food Monday and lost consciousness. They did CPR on her and rushed her to the hospital. She has been in ICU ever since. They decided to take her off the ventilator today and she passed within an hour. I know she is in a better, happier place now, but it just saddens me. I feel for my cousins, her sons, and her grandchildren and her husband, Uncle Jerry. May God watch over them and give them peace during this time.I will always remember Aunt Mary Jo as a young woman who would give me her clothes, and give me special things for my birthday and Christmas. When I was growing up, we would spend most holidays with her and my cousins. She had always been a frail person, but she was so bright in my eyes! I will miss her even though I haven't seen her in years.I miss you and love you much Aunt Mary Jo. RIP.""Where oh where do I begin. I feel like we have been so busy lately. Between Addyson staying sick with ear infections, the boys school, baseball and t-ball practice, housework, and laundry; well I feel like I am always on the go.This is our first year of t-ball/baseball, and so far they both love it. Since Austin is older it is going to take him a little time to catch on, but thankfully he has a wonderful coach. And he makes sure he stops to take the time to show the kids what they need to know. I have to say, I was a little nervous the first time he got up to bat last night. But he actually hit the ball, and I loved it. I am trying to be the quiet mom. I don't want to be the parent yelling and screaming on the sidelines, this is simply only a game. And we are trying to teach them that this is for fun. They need to be kids and I don't want them stressing out over sports at this age.Addyson is really on the go these days. Life with an active baby is a little more difficult but I love it. I am just trying to get us on a schedule. We are trying to work on set nap times and that will be my cleaning/soap opera time. Yes, I do watch one soap opera a day. I grew up with my babysitter and my grandmother watching this show. And if you are wondering what this show may be, well it is The Young and the Restless. Addyson is also starting to be a little more chatty. She waves bye bye to her brothers and daddy every morning. And she has started saying bye bye to them. This is only when she wants to. She loves chewing on anything. And I do mean anything. So all eyes are on Addybell when she is on the go. She also has learned to play with the bar stools, and it is the cutest thing.I have to say, I am so looking forward to spring break. I hope everyone has a wonderful weekend. And hopefully I will have a post tomorrow evening about a winning pine wood derby car.""You might have already heard of this new cookie diet fad that assures you'll shed pounds pronto. Dr. Siegal has formulated a diet that is truly easy to follow. You eat six cookies a day (average cost $8) along with a 500 calorie meal consisting of lean protein and veggies. Making it an average daily calorie intake of 1000. This is nothing new, Dr. Siegal has been treating weight-loss patients to this diet for well over thirty years in his private clinic. He has recently made it available to the general public through his site cookiediet.com.The formula is pretty simple, there is no specific schedule to follow you have the freedom to eat the cookies when your stomach starts to growl. You are limited to six per day and you can only drink water. These cookies look pretty boring. I'm willing to bet they taste more like cardboard than a chocolate chip soft and chewy.I can't say I fall prey to these diet fads. But even I am tempted to try it. Maybe I can finally lose the little pouch of fat relentlessly resting over my lower abdominal, that my personal trainer keeps telling me ""it's all diet"".With this latest diet craze taking people by storm, the questions that pop to mind are simple, like, are you even getting all the nutrients you need on a cookie diet? What about all the vitamins that you get from following a well balanced diet? Or will I have enough energy throughout the day with such low calorie intake? Dr.'s are savvy because in addition to the cookies, I believe Dr. Siegal sell you a multi vitamin that you should take daily so that you don't iss out on vital minerals and nutrients. is that even enough?Call me old fashioned, but I believe when it comes to a lean body it is a balanced pairing of exercise and eating healthy. A diet consisting of, lean proteins, complex carbs, and fresh fruits and veggies, and absolutely no processed or fast foods. Along with a mix of cardio and strength training. It is truly hard work. I have been living on this diet for years now, it took me a while to get there. Trust. But my weight has been kept under control. That doesn't go without saying that I go through my weak moments and eat a pizza or a burger from time to time. What I hate the most is the guilt that comes with eating those high in calories foods, that are so satisfying.Truly, I don't really see the harm in trying the cookie diet if and only if - it's short term. As a tool to get your motor running. But what happens when you start the cookie diet, are successful at shedding those stubborn pounds and continue to rely on this cookie diet fad as a way of life? Ghee that was a long question. You can take a better look at a coverage by Good Morning America. Which reports the facts, and details of this long term devotee, how she lost it - weight wise - and in my opinion mentally.""One of the more unconscionable things Mr. Stupak is doing is lying about the current (bad) legislation. He¡¯s telling his colleagues that women using their own money in the exchanges will be able to buy insurance coverage that pays for abortion. There is no abortion funding in the current bad bill. What Mr. Stupak wants to do is move one step forward to outlawing abortion through health care legislation, one step at a time.As an aside, Rep. Stupak¡¯s scheduled 11 a.m. press conference was postponed due to what¡¯s being called ¡°a scheduling conflict.¡± You decipher it. Congress members, we¡¯re finding out through the health care debate, aren¡¯t very bright and since this legislation is complex, with the exchanges making things worse, all sorts of things can be said to frighten the ignorant.It¡¯s unconscionable that men who call themselves ¡°liberal¡± are saying women should suck Stupak language up in the name of a bad health care bill that is much less than Democrats should accept. But that¡¯s what we¡¯re hearing from ¡°progressive¡± men.Michael Moore is one of the only powerfully visible males to decide Bart Stupak had gone too far, writing today a wonderful essay on the idiocy of Mr. Stupak¡¯s position. Enter John Dingell, a powerful, longtime force in the House, who is getting the message from women that we understand compromise, because we¡¯re asked to do it all the time, but Bart Stupak¡¯s language and his insistence that he¡¯s more important than the majority who support women¡¯s self-determination is one step way too far.  Things remain fluid, with there still a strong probability that the Democrats will still pull this off. However, they need to do it without caving to Bart Stupak.""NILMA RAQUEL SILVA, 38WriterS?o Paulo, BrazilPercentage of obese Brazilian adults: 11.1BREAKFAST: Papaya; baguette with cream cheese; black coffeeSNACK: Fruit or yogurtLUNCH: Grilled chicken with steamed vegetables or a potato and salad ¡ª or with just a small amount of rice and beansSNACK: Cereal bar or crackers with juice; at 5 p.m., coffee with p?o de queijo (cheese bread)DINNER: Pasta with passionflower juice; one or two glasses of wine (once a week)Average calories per day: 1800WHY IT WORKS: We don't do frozen food; we like things made fresh every day. Food is a celebration, and we often have people over for long meals. I only feel guilty about eating sometimes when I look in the mirror! But I try to be reasonable on both sides ¡ª not overindulging in food and not worrying so much about my weight. For instance, rice and beans, a typical dish, has a lot of calories and carbs, so I try to eat just a little.  ANNE MOLLET, 26Marketing ManagerCapbreton, FrancePercentage of obese French adults: 11.3BREAKFAST: One piece of black bread; scrambled eggs with mushrooms, tomatoes, and cucumber on the side; black coffeeLUNCH: Sandwich with fresh lettuce, tomato, and eggs on bakery breadDINNER: Fish wrapped in foil with onions, thyme, sea salt, pepper, and olive oil, cooked in the oven or on the barbecue for 20 minutes; salad with homemade dressing of honey, balsamic vinegar, and olive oilAverage calories per day: 1,200WHY IT WORKS: In France, it's important to pay attention to what you eat (three meals and no snacks) and how you eat. Fresh food is essential, so I go to the market on Saturday mornings. I also spend time preparing the table, since presentation is 50 percent of the taste. Your senses are connected, and your eyes should tell your palate you want to eat. If it tastes good, then your senses agree. The only exception: my grandma's escargot. ""The day after tomorrow is my ROM, and my friend Joan just told me I'm the most relaxed bride ever. Other than physically going to get my hair dyed and buying my own shoes/gloves/hat, I was virtually kiao kah-ing (relaxing; not doing a thing) the entire time!! AND THAT'S COZ I HAD THE MOST FABULOUS, EXPERIENCED AND HELPFUL PEOPLE making my wedding happen!!! See that's the shitty thing about most of life's most exciting and memorable events - you don't get a freaking rehearsal. Wedding? Most of us hope to only do it once, and with that one chance you've got to do it right. Giving birth? Won't pop out twice. Losing your virginity? Most likely not very pleasant with no experience. And therefore, when it comes to weddings... Relax. Don't try to control every single detail since you are likely to be really ignorant about most things anyway! Let the right people handle it for you and just go for the ride! It should be fun! Ok lah fine I'm only saying that coz I have the most ridiculously efficient and awesome wedding planners EVER. Wedding planners are so bloody important... Even if it costs extra, don't scrimp on it man!! Who wants to fuss over nitty gritty to throw a wedding?? Headed by Vernetta Lopez (REMEMBER?? UNDER ONE ROOF!!! DENISE!) who surprisingly enough opened a wedding planning company.There were a few companies (like 5 in total) interested to sponsor wedding planning for me but man, Eternally Yours really, really impressed. Like bowled me over. Gillian (manager) asked the wedding planning companies to try to come up with vendors who were willing to sponsor wedding necessities for me.Lois from Eternally Yours was so on the ball and just kept throwing suggestions and ideas on venues, themes, etc etc. THAT's what we brides really need. (Smacks table top assertively) Sometimes it gets so tiresome and we just think ""What the fuck am I doing? Why am I doing all these tedious, expensive shit? Don't get married lah, fuck it."" And then it's like the men are so disinterested! Mad sian. I'm sure ALL brides felt this way at least once. We just need fervid enthusiasm and ideas and positivity from someone who knows how to handle everything. It just keeps us going, you know? And suddenly it's something fun again, something to look forward to. The event of a lifetime. :) Within literally freaking HOURS Eternally Yours contacted sponsors and were telling me that responses were good but yet to be finalised... In the end... They found... Photographers... Gowns... Venue... Food... EVERY SINGLE FUCKING THING IS SPONSORED. I even suspected they used black magic coz it's really not easy to convince vendors to give out sponsorships, especially since I'm no Fann Wong!! I was so bloody touched I really was damn close to like crying or something!!! Sob sob. Why do I always meet the best people? (In contrast another wedding planning company told me she cannot get sponsors. Not even 1! WTF!! Your aptitude needs a check.) If you need a wedding planner, use Eternally Yours!! ""The Google Maps API provides a sophisticated way for developers and webmasters to add custom interactive maps to their websites. Version 3 of the API, released in May of 2009, represents a complete overhaul of the API in response to several years worth of user feedback on the previous version.In this tutorial we¡¯ll cover a few of the API¡¯s simpler features by showing you how to add a map with a set of location markers to a website. Each marker will have an associated info bubble with the name and address of the location. What¡¯s more, we¡¯ll be loading the location data via Ajax, so this can be used as the first step towards developing a more sophisticated map-based application.For example, if your site¡¯s contact page shows the position of all your retail locations on a map, you could filter them dynamically (say, based on which ones offered certain features or were open on a given day) by sending those parameters to the server and displaying markers on the map based on the returned XML.Before we start, you should have at least a basic understanding of jQuery. To learn more about any of the classes and methods we¡¯ll be using, you can consult the Google Maps API reference. Before we start writing code, it¡¯s best to examine the format of the XML data we¡¯ll be using to load our location data.The coordinates and information for each marker we want to place on our map will be contained in an XML file. This makes it easy to change it, or have it generated automatically by a server-side script pulling the information from a database. The XML is formatted as follows: The root element is markers, and it contains a series of marker  elements, each containing a text address, latitude, and longitude.Before we can load this XML and use it to place markers on our map, we first need to include the Google Maps JavaScript and the jQuery library in our HTML page.jQuery and the Maps APIThe two libraries we¡¯ll be relying on for our functionality are, unsurprisingly, jQuery and the Google Maps API library itself. As far as jQuery is concerned, you can simply download the latest version from the jQuery home page and include it in your HTML page as follows:We¡¯re packaging all our map functionality inside a JavaScript object called MYMAP, which will help to avoid potential conflicts with other scripts on the page. The object contains two variables and two functions. The map variable will store a reference to the Google Map object we¡¯ll create, and the bounds variable will store a bounding box that contains all our markers. This will be useful after we¡¯ve added all the markers, when we want to zoom the map in such a way that they¡¯re all visible at the same time.Now for the methods: init will find an element on the page and initialize it as a new Google map with a given center and zoom level. placeMarkers, meanwhile, takes the name of an XML file and will load in coordinate data from that file to place a series of markers on the map.""Manolo says, it is Thursday, and you are all wound up and ready for the weekend to arrive because, for the first time in months, clement weather has been forecasted by the Channel 11 man of weather, Skip ¡°Stormy¡± Steele (n¨¦e Ranulph Grabble).It has been the long and dreary winter, to say the least, and you are ready for it to be over, and even the slightest hint that Spring (Glorious Spring!!!) is in the offing is enough to send you into the frenzy of plan-making.¡°A Picnic!,¡± you shouted to no one in particular when Stormy Steel announced sunshine and temperatures in the low 60s, ¡°a picnic at the park, with small cucumber sandwiches and cold fried chicken and watermelon and potato saladÿmaybe red potato saladÿand fruit-flavored iced teaÿ¡±Your mind raced with the possibilities of frolicsome summery entertainment, never mind that any watermelon you could find would have been air freighted in from New Zealand and cost more than your first car, the 1968 Saab 96. (It looked like the upside down bathtub, and had 3 and the half on the tree, and the strange freewheeling thingy, and seemed to be designed by people who had heard about cars but had never actually seen one in person).Time to take the deep breath.Yes, the first day of spring is nearly here, but unless you live in the more southerly parts of North America (like perhaps Tegucigalpa or Cozumel) the weather is not yet all that. Soon, but not yet.In the meantime, you know what you need, jelly sandals, like these, the Sunny Jelly Flats from Fendi. Congratulations to the Manolo¡¯s internet friend, the Shannon, for being the first person to correctly identify this flats-wearing personage of note. """"One of the great mysteries of the Toyota debacle is why Toyota ignored the complaints for so long.  Or at least it's a mystery to reporters on cable news, abetted by consumer advocates who were all too happy to imply that Toyota didn't care how many people it killed as long as they made a profit.Maybe so, but I doubt it; you don't usually make a profit by killing your customers.  It's too risky, in this age of nosy regulators and angry consumer activists.Their behavior becomes a bit more explicable when you consider this argument from Ted Frank: In the original Sudden Acceleration Incident craze that afflicted America in the late eighties, the National Highway Safety Transportation Administration eventually ruled that the problem was """"pedal misapplication"""", aka stepping on the gas when you meant to step on the brake.  These incidents were highly correlated with three things:  being elderly, being short, and parking (or leaving a parking space).    The elderly are more prone to the sort of neuronal misfiring described in yesterday's New York Times.  Shorter people have to hunt more for the pedals.  And starting up from a complete stop is the most likely time to press the wrong pedal.I was interested in Frank's argument, so I took a look at the LA Times article, which is really admirably thorough.  Here are the results, categorized into a nifty, though not necessarily particularly useful, spreadsheet. I went one further than Frank, tracking down the ages of all but a couple of the named drivers. If y'all wondered why I wasn't blogging today, well, there's your answer.  I've excluded three cases where the information was just too sparse to have any idea what happened, but otherwise, that's the complete list.Several things are striking.  First, the age distribution really is extremely skewed.  The overwhelming majority are over 55. In many of the other cases, we don't really know what happened, because there were no witnesses of exactly when the car started to run away.   In fact, it's a little hard to be sure that some of the cases were sudden acceleration incidents, because the witnesses to what happened in the car were all killed; the family is trying to reconstruct what happened from their knowledge of the deceased.  Obviously, most people are going to err on the side of believing that the car was at fault, rather than a beloved relative. Further complicating matters, most of the cases involve either a lawsuit against Toyota, a complainant facing possible criminal charges, or both. In some of the cases, the police or doctors have an alternate theory of what happened:  one of the SAIs was bipolar, which puts you at extraordinarily high risk of suicide, and no one knows what actually happened in the car.   At least two others involve young men who were driving at very high speed, which is something that young men tend to do with or without a sticky accelerator.  Several more of the drivers seem to have had a medical situation, like a stroke, to which doctors and/or police attribute the acceleration.""""We are already into round 2 -woo hoo!  The voting link is here. EVEN IF YOU DID NOT FILL OUT A BRACKET, you can still vote.The voting schedule is in 12 hour blocks to accommodate people in all timezones.  The instructions were apparently hard to read last time so I¡¯ll try to make it a little simpler.  The polls open at midnight and noon each day and run for 12 hours. Today, the round 2 polls opened at midnight, March 19, 2010 EST.  The first set closes at noon on March 20, 2009 EST and the next set starts again until midnight. Keep checking about every 10-12 hours and you should catch each round of voting.  After the voting for Round 2 is over, we will unveil the second chance bracket.  Huzzah for second chances!  A while back you said you never forget your 1st romance novel.I¡¯m embarassed to admit that I have forgotten, but I do know that itprobably was one of those novels of the month found in Good Housekeeping,mymom loved ¡®em. I¡¯ve been thinking of those stories I loved to read, andone just sticks out, and I¡¯d like to try to find it.I don¡¯t have much information except for 1 scene that is burned into my memory. It¡¯s ahistorical and the heroine¡¯s name is Amy. She married an older guy, and Igot the impression that he was more into her than she was into him. Anyway,she¡¯s just had her 3rd or 4th kid and the husband starts sleeping in theguest room w/no explanation. She thinks he¡¯s having an affair, so one nightshe tells him she¡¯s going to her mom¡¯s house, but of course she comes backfor some reason or another.She goes into their bedroom and finds her nemisis naked w/a nightgown in her hand. Amy is furious and grabs thetramp¡¯s suitcase and nightgown, flings open the balcony doors and throwsthe clothes onto the tree branches outside. Then she sets her sights on thetramp and hussles her out onto the balcony and throws the tramps shoes ather and hits her on the rear. hee hee Amy locks her out there and throws thekeys out the window, meanwhile the tramp is screaming, it¡¯s starting torain, and Amy¡¯s husband finally comes in to find out what¡¯s going on.Before he can say anything, Amy knees him in the groin and goes home tomother. ""With two months till Mother's Day, there's no excuse for another last-minute FTD bouquet of dyed carnations: Get Mom a copy of ""Major Pettigrew's Last Stand,"" by Bethesda writer Helen Simonson. This thoroughly charming novel wraps Old World sensibility around a story of multicultural conflict involving two widowed people who assume they're done with love. The result is a smart romantic comedy about decency and good manners in a world threatened by men's hair gel, herbal tea and latent racism.Ernest Pettigrew -- that's Major Ernest Pettigrew, to you -- insists on ""careful, impeccable behavior."" The retired British army officer sees himself as a lone defender of responsibility and tradition, which means that he's in a constant state of repressed irritation. In fact, he's a walking thesaurus of irritation. We see him annoyed, dyspeptic, displeased, disapproving, disappointed, dismayed, horrified, outraged, angry, appalled, exasperated, resentful, wincing and flinching! But ""I was raised,"" he says calmly, ""to believe in politeness above all,"" and watching him hold to that rule even when he's convinced that ""everyone is a complete idiot"" is a constant source of comedy in these pages.Alone since the death of his wife six years ago, Major Pettigrew moves his stiff upper lip only to extend brief courtesies or -- when someone especially merits it -- sarcastic jabs. If Simonson can keep this up, she could be heir to the late John Mortimer, and if the ""Masterpiece Theatre"" people aren't already sending out casting calls for Major Pettigrew, they should get a move on with decorous haste.The story opens with fresh grief, and it's a testament to the depth of Simonson's comic sense that she always keeps one foot planted on the tragic side of life. Just moments after Major Pettigrew receives a call that his younger brother has died, the doorbell rings. Mrs. Ali, a Pakistani widow who owns a small shop in the village, has come to collect the newspaper bill. As a rule, the major believes ""it was never a good idea to confide in people,"" but when he blurts out the news of his brother's death, Mrs. Ali leads him into the living room, fetches him a cup of tea and speaks gently to him about her own raw sorrow. """"Surprisingly though, I was more concerned about whether my mother would continue to allow Eleanor to babysit us than about my own punishment.  In the forty-eight hours leading up to her discovery of the hole ? really, I can¡¯t believe it took her forty-eight hours; geez Mother, how about some attention to detail? ? I worried more over the consequences for Eleanor than the consequences for me.Eleanor remained our first-string babysitter that summer.  I have no idea whether she might have been put on disciplinary probation or given any other sort of talking-to by my mother, but I certainly never kicked another hole in my brother¡¯s door. Oprah, you disappointed meSometime last year I had a conversation with a woman about some new initiative that Oprah was launching, and did I want to be involved?  We chatted for a while, but I never heard anything else.  Honestly, I wasn¡¯t disappointed because the entire conversation made me feel like a fraud.  Because I don¡¯t like Oprah.There.  I said it.I don¡¯t have anything against her per se.  She¡¯s a talk show host, for Pete¡¯s sake, and certainly not a hateful windbag.  She¡¯s likable enough, but I¡¯ve just never seen the appeal.Even back in 2003 when my PIMs and I were planning our first gathering in Chicago, a few of them fantasized about how cool it would be if Oprah had us on her show.  At that point, we actually were newsworthy ? a bunch of women who met on the Internet and traveled from all parts of the country to meet in person for the first time.  And then, just like last year in that uncomfortable conversation, I thought: ¡°Oprah?  Hey, why not.  It¡¯s great exposure.¡±Six years later, Oprah finally featured some of the most prominent and iconic mom bloggers ? women who¡¯ve met a bunch of other women on the Internet and traveled from all parts of the country to get drunk together meet each other.  Now that she¡¯s done that, I¡¯ve got some concrete reasons why I don¡¯t like her.1. The show¡¯s title was ¡°Secret Lives of Moms¡±. These women are bloggers.  They write in the most public forum of all, the Internet.  There¡¯s nothing secret about what they¡¯re putting out there.  Furthermore, that title sounds awfully salacious, as if mom bloggers are all spiking our OJ with vodka ? though in Heather¡¯s case it would be bourbon, and Stefanie would drink hers from a sippy cup. 2. The first line of the show¡¯s description was ¡°Moms across America boldly break their silence about motherhood!¡± Moms all over the world ? not just America ? are blogging, as Catherine and David¡¯s project has illustrated well; Catherine herself lives in Canada.  While our blogging voices are being increasingly heard (be they bold or tentative), the silence was broken a long time ago (certainly not by a single episode of Oprah), because we ? and our mothers and grandmothers before us (hello, suffrage) ? have been speaking all along.  We¡¯ve simply expanded the discussion to include new media.""""This may sound silly, but when was the last time you looked in the mirror at yourself and said, ¡°I love you.¡±What is mirror work?   It¡¯s when you face yourself in the mirror, look into your eyes, and say affirmations to yourself.Louise Hay, in ¡°You Can Heal Your Life,¡± clearly describes this simple process.   She helps you gain back your personal power by looking in the mirror and saying ¡°I Love You (put in your name).¡±   This simple affirmation can have profound affect on your well-being.   ¡¯m sitting on the bus writing, my words barely legible from the jerky motion as the bus travels over the New York City roads.  I have an hour-long trip each way into the City (at least) and I do use this time to do many things.  I catch up with emails on my blackberry, read and even talk on the phone (which is somewhat rude when the bus is quiet and people are relaxing).  Yet, this is a prime time to write.    I¡¯m constantly saying I want time to writeÿhere it is. Today is Valentine¡¯s Day and immediately I thought of people I love.   How can I let them know they are important and special in my life?   Then I thought, ¡°what about me?¡±  How do I show myself that I love ¡°me¡± and I¡¯m special in my life?What flashed in my mind immediately is that I¡¯m tolerating too much in my life.   How do I know that I¡¯m tolerating ¡°stuff?¡± I can tell by listening to my internal thoughts of frustrations or the complaints that I express to others.  ""Have you ever watched the Animal Planet show Lemur Kingdom? Seen the children¡¯s movie Madagascar? Or the show Zoboomafoo? Then you¡¯ll know what a ring-tailed lemur is. Lemurs are so adoraale and enigmatic that they are a great way to bring wildlife conservation to children, and parents, and the greater world. Here's the  sweetest story about a 10-month old baby ring-tailed lemur who broke her femur and had to have surgery. She's recovering nicely. Peanut lives at the Summer Wind Farms Sanctuary in Michigan, and snagged her leg on a branch while bouncing through the treetops, as primates tend to do. It snapped.  The family-owned Sanctuary staff knew that without surgery, Peanut had little chance for a normal lemur life, since these primates spend the majority of their time in the treetops. So they brought Peanut to the Michigan Veterinary Specialists, a specialty and emergency care vet hospital which did the surgery and care at a reduced fee. These vets also occasionally do work for the Detroit Zoo, but specialize in cats and dogs. Poor little Peanut had to be separated from her mom during the surgery, which took an hour and a half.  During the operation, veterinary surgeon Dr. Jennifer Covey placed a steel plate and screws in Peanut¡¯s femur. ""Peanut's surgery was the first of its kind for me,"" explains Covey. ""I certainly enjoy working with wildlife but I am not a specialist in them. I consulted with two zoo/exotics veterinarians to determine the best anesthesia protocol for Peanut as well as look for any metabolic disturbances that may have contributed to her breaking her leg. Lemurs can be prone to having soft bones if they aren't exposed to enough sunlight or are not fed a diet specific for primates. Based upon xrays and bloodwork we were able to determine that she didn't have soft bones (aka Rickets)."" Before long, surgery was complete and Peanut started coming out of anesthesia. They had a comfy cage for her complete with a stuffed animal! She was on the path to recovery. It will take around 8 weeks for Peanut to get completely back to normal. Lemurs are an ancient group of primates that live only on the island of Madagascar off the west coast of Africa.  The group is quite variable, with the 99 known species ranging in size from the diminutive mouse lemur to the Indri. Because of rampant deforestation on Madagascar many lemurs have declined throughout their already limited range. Ring-tailed lemurs are endangered species. Though protected internationally, being endangered can mean they¡¯re in greater demand for the illegal pet trade. The Sanctuary provides a refuge for animals retired from the movie industry or exotic pets whose owners have become unable to care for, including bears, tigers, monkeys and more. The family-owned Sanctuary provides food and refuge for over 200 animals so they can live their days in peace on their 140-acres.  Because of their anadromous natural history, wild salmon don¡¯t stand a chance against gigantic hydroelectric dams placed smack dab across the rivers and creeks in which they have spawned in for millennia.""As the foreign arthouse market continues to shrink abroad, the Unifrance-sponsored Rendez-Vous With French Cinema in New York is strengthening its role as a launchpad for French pics' distribution in the U.S.Since its inception in 1995, the French love fest in New York has helped foreign sales agents get their films some exposure, network with U.S. distribs and eventually ink deals. In today's shifting specialty market, the Gallic promo org is also encouraging U.S. distribs to source their films earlier and use the fest to expand marketing dollars.This year, seven of the 18 pics unspooling at the event already have been nabbed for U.S. distribution, including spy spoof ""OSS 117: Lost in Rio"" to Ed Arentz's Music Box; Christophe Honore's ""Making Plans for Lena"" to IFC Films ; and Stephane Brize's ""Mademoiselle Chambon"" and war drama ""The Army of Crime"" to Lorber Films.""With P&A (costs) skyrocketing and commercial cinema chains squeezing out arthouse films, alternative exhibition venues like the Rendez-Vous have become key in giving foreign films a good degree of exposure,"" says Kino Lorber co-prexy Richard Lorber.IFC Films acquisitions VP Arianna Bocco agrees, noting the company launched Cedric Klapisch's ""Paris"" two years ago at the Rendez-Vous and picked up Gerard Depardieu starrer ""Bellamy"" off last year's.""The Rendez-Vous has a twofold purpose,"" she explains. ""It's a great platform to test your film before an audience and get a critical response, and it's a good place for acquisitions because we get to see films we haven't seen before.""But Gallic sales execs worry about the contraction of the U.S. specialty market.""Currently, the U.S. distribution landscape is made up of three basic layers,"" observes Eric Lagesse, president of Paris-based shingle Pyramide. ""At the bottom, you have a dozen small independent companies, like Strand Releasing, Kino Lorber and Music Box; then you have medium-size structures like IFC Films and Magnolia; and that leaves Sony Pictures Classics on top with the monopoly of big films.""""For the past two years, we've had to learn to be more creative to compensate for the falling minimum guarantees,"" says Cecile Gaget, sales topper at Gaumont, which reps ""OSS 117."" ""We negotiate for good backends.""But even if theatrical advance offers have been shrinking, ""a theatrical release in the U.S. is more crucial than ever to our filmmakers,"" says Harold Van Lier, international sales topper for StudioCanal.""That prestigious recognition confirms that their film travels well,"" he adds, ""which usually sparks additional releases abroad.""""Incorporating common genetic risk factors into the models typically used to calculate a women's breast cancer risk has little impact on clinical decision-making, such as whether an individual should consider earlier or more frequent mammography or prophylactic drugs, according to a paper published today in the New England Journal of Medicine. The results follow similar studies for diabetes and cardiovascular disease, echoing what has now become a common criticism of genome-wide association studies; that this approach is unlikely to identify genetic risk factors of diagnostic value.Over the last few years, researchers have used DNA-studded microarrays to quickly search tens of thousands of human genomes for common genetic variations linked to various diseases, dubbed genome-wide association studies. Despite the enormous size of these studies, they have only identified a fraction of the source of the genetic risk of disease. And the vast majority account for a very small change in risk in a given individual. (This is in contrast to rare genetic variants, like BRCA1, which substantially increase a women's risk of developing breast cancer.)""I wasn¡¯t expecting to find a tempest in a stockpot in Crimea, where I recently spent a month covering a story on that part of southern Ukraine. But that¡¯s what happened when I met Galina Onischenko, a devoutly pro-Russian citizen of Sevastopol. Galina invited me over for lunch at her fifth-floor walk-up apartment and served borscht. Even before my spoon hit the soup, she wanted me to know that her borscht was Russian. Her tone implied that borscht from any other Slavic country was not even worth mentioning. There are no political boundaries when it comes to recipes, but no surprise, either, to food being a sticking point (dare we say a flashpoint in a pan?) for nationalist rivalries and tension. Think of the culinary kafuffle of 2003 when U.S. conservatives renamed French fries ¡°freedom fries¡± to express anti-French sentiment during international debate over the launch of the Iraq invasion. And so it is with borscht. Just ask Galina. ¡°Borscht,¡± says Anya von Bremzen, author of Please to the Table: The Russian Cookbook, ¡°is adapted and sometimes even claimed by Russians, Polish, Lithuanian, Moldovans, but it¡¯s actually from Ukraine.¡± Ukrainian borscht has pork fat in it, the infamous salo that is practically a patriotic birthright, whereas borscht from Moldova is made with fermented beets, and borscht in Belarus is given its kick by tomatoes. ¡°In Slavic countries, borscht is a part of everyone¡¯s life,¡± she says. Sometimes too much. For those, like von Bremzen, who endured the privation of Soviet Russia, where the sighting of a banana was a major event and borscht the dreary, greasy, institutional constant in schools and workplace cafeterias, ¡°you almost can¡¯t stand to see it.¡± Borscht can bring passions to a boil even within the borders of one country. James Meek in the Guardian reports an Internet forum exchange between western and eastern Ukrainian borschtophiles over the question of beets. When ¡°Leena¡± from western Ukraine posted a comment saying that her eastern Ukrainian grandmother made borscht without beetroot, ¡°Charlie¡± berated her for slandering eastern Ukraine. ¡°Oh, western Ukraine. Always ready to accuse eastern Ukraine of any cardinal sin,¡± he wrote. ¡°Borscht without beetroot?Borscht can bring passions to a boil even within the borders of one country. James Meek in the Guardian reports an Internet forum exchange between western and eastern Ukrainian borschtophiles over the question of beets. When ¡°Leena¡± from western Ukraine posted a comment saying that her eastern Ukrainian grandmother made borscht without beetroot, ¡°Charlie¡± berated her for slandering eastern Ukraine. ¡°Oh, western Ukraine. Always ready to accuse eastern Ukraine of any cardinal sin,¡± he wrote. ¡°Borscht without beetroot? How could you make up such a thing?¡± How indeed? After all, the word borscht comes from the Ukrainian word §Ò§à§â§ë, which means beet, though there is a Polish ¡°white¡± borscht, called zarek, traditionally served at Easter, from which beets are unaccountably missing. Whatever its lineage, let me tell you there is nothing like a fragrant, steaming bowl of borscht to soothe the soul and nourish the body. Now, pay attention: Galina says the secret of borscht is in the chopping. You must dice the vegetables into very small cubes, say, the size of a fingernail. She is adamant about this. ¡°You cannot be lazy.¡± ""After work, I met Cathy and the rest of the ridesharers for a quick jaunt to Montreal in the back of Cathy's black Suzuki SUV.As soon as I got there, I called Marilyn, when I meant to call Marc-Andre. I had a mission to find some chocolate that had been left there for me by a couchsurfer of mine.She cancelled on me, felt bad, so she left some chocolate for me to pick up.Long story short, I never found the chocolate. Marilyn was home, and I sat waiting for the bus to her house for at least 45 minutes.That was OK, because then I left with some French girls to go drink a beer before heading off to Boston.We had a nice time, and then I walked to the bus station to catch my bus.I tried to sleep all the way to Boston, but I couldn't because a man from Vermont sat beside me and SQUISHED various parts of my body as he tried to get comfortable using my arm and leg as a pillow. Nevertheless, I finally got to Boston at about 8 a.m., then I got changed, and made my way to Smarter Travel.I had an interesting meeting people at the office, I brought some maple toffee and they seemed to enjoy it.I met up with Ed Passarella to talk about perhaps switching jobs, although nothing was available just yet, I think he was happy I visited anyway.There might be something interesting for me to do in the future though, stay tuned. It was Graham's idea to do a travel gadget exchange, and the ladies at STM found this out, so they kitted me out with a giant box of travel gadget crap to give away. They were more than happy to part with it.There were a bunch of seat cushions, lots of pointless plastic stuff that hopefully people would at least laugh at. And they did.I was pooped and WAY too early so I kind of passed out at a table. A very blue-collar-obviously-just-finished-work kinda guy was eating pizza and after he finished he came over and asked me what was in the box.""Oh it's just junk I'm giving away to people when they come.""""What are ya sellin' somethin'?!""""First, I got married. Then I had a baby. And now! NOW I'M TAKING CALCIUM SUPPLEMENTS! Where is the dooce you used to know and love! I had blood work done last week while getting a second x-ray on my tailbone, and today the results came back normal. Good news on top of the fact that my tailbone seems to be healing according to the    x-ray. When I asked the doctor if it would be okay to travel again with this... this... broken butt? Isn't that what it is, really? I broke my butt. There's no getting around this. Not with Leta walking around going, ""When is mom's butt going to get better?"" WHEN WE STOP TALKING ABOUT IT OUT LOUD. IN THE HALLWAY. AT SCHOOL. The doctor said to take my butt pillow with me, and I'd be fine. Also, just curious, she was. What did I do for a living since I travel this much? Now, picture this, okay. She has just inspected me, taken a look at The Smallest Butt In The History Of The Universe, and this conversation is inevitably going to result in, ""Oh, my friend told me about you. You're that woman?"" So before I told her, I said, um, the size of my  butt falls under doctor/patient privilege, right? The Hippocratic Oath? And she was all, I will take knowledge of your tiny butt TO THE GRAVE. Thank God no one will know about it now. Anyway, I had to make an emergency appointment with my dentist this morning because one of the teeth on the right side of my mouth is making it so that I cannot chew food: the shooting, lightening-patterned pain! Straight up through my jaw, up into my eye, and bang into my forehead. And when my dentist sat down and asked what was going on, I was all, I'M FALLING APART! You think I'm kidding, but the odds are that you'll lean over to take a look inside my mouth and suddenly my head will topple off right into your lap! An x-ray and twenty minutes of prodding and hammering away proved that it has to be a sinus infection. It's just that a certain nerve in a certain tooth sits inside my sinus cavity. Are you serious? It has nothing to do with my bones? I was prepared for surgery, and you're giving me a prescription for an antibiotic? How can I possibly write about this in all caps, SIR?! I can't go back to the people with a sinus infection! They want DISEASE! They want LIFE-EXPECTANCY! Can I at least tell them you prescribed a cane? Because, let's be honest. I have an image to uphold. So far, so good I've recently made friends with a lovely woman up the street who kindly took pity on me when she noticed that I spend my entire day with my husband. Not that Jon is difficult to live or work with. He is my soul mate and best friend. "An international team of astronomers has discovered an exoplanet--one outside our solar system--that has a more Earthlike orbit than any alien planet discovered so far using the same technique. The planet, called CoRot-9b, was discovered by the French-operated satellite CoRot, which has been in orbit since 2006. The spacecraft detected CoRot-9b by measuring the dimming of its star's brightness as the planet passed in front of it, a technique called "transit observation." The small dip in brightness allows the planet's size to be calculated. By measuring the amount of time it takes the planet to complete its orbit, researchers can determine the planet's distance from its star. The planet travels around its star every 95 Earth days, at a distance about half of that between Earth and the sun. This distance is still 10 times farther than any other planet discovered using this method. Its surface temperature is between -23 and 157 ¡ãC, so if CoRoT-9b was a terrestrial planet like Earth it could have liquid water on its surface, but it is made mostly of hydrogen and helium and therefore is unlikely to support life. Just a quick post to let you all know that I'm having a fabulous time in LA! The weather is wonderful, the people are so friendly and down to earth, and the shopping is to die for! I've been to so many amazing places and I still have two more days left! The photo above was taken while we were driving along Beverly Boulevard on route to lunch at The Polo Lounge, the best old school place in LA! I can't wait to share more with you when I get back! I definitely love LA!  Since I'm off to LaLa Land, I thought I'd take this time to post some great Los Angeles homes. This one belongs to the chic married couple Michael Govan and Katherine Ross and family. He's the Director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) and she has worked in public relations for LVMH. Not sure if she's still with them but regardless, this is one fashionable family! When they moved to LA, they wanted a Richard Neutra house but has clearly made due with this lovely home filled with their art collection as well as pieces borrowed from the museum. When I think of California design, I often think of mid-century modern furniture and I love all the bright colors they used for their pieces. It's a pop art paradise! Enjoy!The Spaniards know how to deal with criminals and terrorists. Every country should consider their methods of arresting these reprobates. Here's one for a laugh. The latest Rap Group - The Wolverines - have come out with "O.T.P." (One Term President. They're young, which is great, and although I am not fond of rap, the song is actually quite catchy. There's even a cameo by Bob Parks from Black and Right. The latest from Zack, over at Diversity Lane, says it all re. the Dems and their herculean efforts to to ram their health care through, come hell or high water. At this point, it's just a question of getting their way, and nothing more. There are many in this world who would be more than willing to wipe Israel off the map. You've got the Palestinians, Ahmadinejad and probably most inhabitants in the Middle East. Then you have the usual Israel bashing, boycotting, liberal types, and the neo-nazi yo-yos who would be just as happy if someone like Ahmadinejad were to accomplish that goal. Palestinians have wiped Israel off the map, figuratively speaking, by literally creating maps sans Israel. And it looks like Target Stores did the same thing, when they manufactured a $1.00 made-in-China miniature globe with Palestine clearly written, but no 'Israel' anywhere to be found. Target denies any ill intent by omitting 'Israel', and did yank them off their shelves, only after many people complained. I'm not sure what Target was thinking when they made that choice, and perhaps they should have abbreviated both countries, or omitted both, but I can't believe they thought they could get away with that. "or so my recent experiences would demonstrate. The awful stereotypes that rotate through our culture that women are emotional, dramatic and needy while men are jerks who just want sex and space fall apart when we shift overall power dynamics.Let me explain.Scenario: Being that I¡¯ve settled into a new place and am in a good place in my life, I decided that dating would probably be a good idea. However, I spend most of my ¡®going out¡¯ time with mostly men and a few women from the technology scene. This makes it difficult to find time to go out on my own and meet people outside of my field (people who I can casually date without rumors flying around). So, I turned to what most modern singles turn to in our day and age: online dating. I looked at a few sites, but they just seemed so cheesy until I came across OKCupid, a hip and fun site that is also without those awful ¡¯sign up for 3 months to be able to talk to anyone and give us all of your information while you are at it¡¯ caveats.This was in October. Then I got really busy with travel and work so I didn¡¯t check in for a long time. While I was offline, I had a few messages that I missed and that sort of thing, but a few of them had me baffled. I logged onto find a couple of threads where I got not one, but multiple messages from the same men. They started out sweet and chatty, moved into ¡®Hello? Hello?¡¯ territory fairly quickly, then spiraled into crazy, dramatic, ¡°Listen here you snotty beotchÿyou think you are better than me?¡± depths within a couple of days. Okay, so I could dismiss these threads as troll-like online behavior.""Last night I interviewed Gerri Detweiler, Ultimate Credit on Reduce Debt, Reduce Stress. WOW! Gerri's a wealth of knowledge. I've never been comfortable referring people to credit counseling organizations. Did you know that the Department of Justice maintains a list of credit counseling organizations? Visit www.justice.gov and search Credit Counseling Agencies. According to Gerri the first consultation with a credit counseling agency does not affect your credit score and it's usually free.If you're struggling with debt use this simple calculation to determine if you can pay it off without help. Begin by totaling your minimum credit card payment on all your credit cards. Let's say you owe $1,000 per month on 5 credit cards -- multiply $1,000 by 20% = $1,200. If you have $1,200 available each month you should be able to pay your credit card debt off in 3 - 5 years. According to Gerri, the next step is to pay the minimum payment on all accounts except the account with the highest interest rate. Pay all the remaining money on that account until it's paid off. Move to the next account. This is called snowball method. Check out www.zilchworks.com -- an online calculator recommended by Gerri Detweiler. They offer a free trial service. ""Michelle ""Bombshell"" McGee is the latest unchaste woman to destroy a high-profile marriage. She didn't do it for love or even lust, she did it for fame and a payday.Sources close to the ""tattoo model"" revealed exclusively to Technorati, that McGee, mother of two, was paid close to $30,000 for her story about the alleged affair between her and West Coast Choppers CEO and hubby to Oscar winning actress Sandra Bullock. Our source tells us McGee was fully aware that Sandra and Jesse were still together when she began the affair, and was hoping the affair would be her ticket to ""mainstream celebrity.""  Mainstream infamy is more like it.McGee, who claims to have been brought up Amish, says she left the church and her family at the age of 16 and moved to California where she began a life as a tattoo model. McGee, who has too many tattoos to count covering at least 70% of her body, including her face, approached James about modeling for his well-known company. She claims Jesse emailed her and told her to correspond with him at his private email. The two met at his garage and it was then they began their intimate relationship, which she states lasted 11 months.There's even more disturbing news in this story which alleges James texted her as recently as March 14, just days after his wife's incredible Oscar win for Best Actress. Bullock, who has publicly and privately support her husband and his bid to win full custody of his youngest daughter Sunny, must be incredibly hurt and devastated to find out he was intimate with another woman. A woman who has an uncanny likeness to the same ex-wife he left for her drug use and volatility. ""This is Karen's Heidi -- isn't it fabulous? I really, really love that fabric. You can read her review, here, on PatternReview. (You may need to log in, but a basic PatternReview membership is free, and if you haven't signed up already you really should -- it's fantastic for research!)I ran across Karen's version while I was doing a quick check to see what kinds of variations on the BurdaStyle Heidi have been showing up. There's Burda's own Prom Variation, of course, but I haven't seen very many other ones. Possibly because the Heidi is VERY CLOSE to perfect as is, but I've been thinking that I'd like to make it in more lightweight fabrics, as summer comes on (here in the Northern Hemisphere, at least).The Heidi I linked to before is made in Liberty Tana lawn ... but I'm wondering how the fairly narrow Heidi skirt works in a lightweight fabric. I'm worried it would ride up. So I was thinking I might double the width of the center front skirt panel and add a couple inches to the middle of the back of the skirt, which could then be gathered to make a slightly more summery and playful skirt.I suppose the right answer is ""line it, you dummy,"" but I haven't had much luck with lined skirts. Your thoughts?Read more: http://www.dressaday.com/dressaday.html#ixzz0iluAKD0iUnder Creative Commons License: Attribution Non-Commercial Share AlikeOn Anna's recommendation, I bought a copy of The Sewing Machine Attachment Handbook, which turns out to have been the book I've been looking for all my sewing life. Did your sewing machine come with a box of tiny, weirdly-shaped feet? Then you need this book. There are clear instructions for guides, hemmers, rufflers, binding and cording feet, sequin feet, walking feet ... and on and on. If you can screw, bolt, strap or clip it to your sewing machine, I think this book covers it.My favorite guideline for judging sewing books is by whether or not they make you want to sew -- and this book makes me really, really want to sew. I think the hemming foot instructions alone are going to make my sewing life better.It's also kindled in me a deep and painful longing for something called a ""bias cutting guide"" -- a doodad that clips to the end of your scissors so that you can cut bias tape without all that painful marking. I wants one, I do. Couldn't turn one up on eBay, though; does anyone have any leads?(Also, if you buy it from the link above, the author, Charlene Phillips, will sign your copy. That's always nice!)Read more: http://www.dressaday.com/dressaday.html#ixzz0iluClsJhUnder Creative Commons License: Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike  Am I excited about the Liberty for Target line? Insert all questions you've ever heard about Popes and bears here. Yes, I am excited.I'm a bit more excited about the accessories and some of the housewares than I am about the clothes, because many years of trial and error have shown me that stuff from Target simply Does Not Fit Me, but I have purchased several little things (e.g., the girls' dresses, in size XL, have a surprising amount of fabric) with big plans for remaking them into something else.I'm a little disappointed that most of the prints are florals, even though I know that's what people associate with Liberty. I was hoping for more of my favorite abstracts (although there are some things in the Cars and the Mark prints, both of which I love).The women's clothing was the most disappointing -- not the best prints, and almost all made in that scruffy poly-chiffon. Good thing the accessories are all so cute (and cotton).(Speaking of Liberty, I also bought the bright bright bright pink ""Petals and Peacocks"" lipstick from the MAC Liberty collaboration, and I think I will actually wear it. It's really fun, and the packaging is spectacular, natch.)Did you rush your local Target last Sunday? What did you buy, if anything?Read more: http://www.dressaday.com/dressaday.html#ixzz0iluHzu4DUnder Creative Commons License: Attribution Non-Commercial Share Alike""Happy Spring Equinox everyone! It's a beautiful day here in NY -- the sun is shining brightly, there's a light breeze blowing through, and hibernating flowers are just starting to poke their way up from the softened earth. I feel like cartwheeling on the grass, lying on the ground with the face turned toward the sun, and dancing to my own music. Yep, spring fever has hit me!Last night I was lucky enough to witness an amazing performance of Tao: The Martial Art of Drumming. The performance was brilliant, electric, mesmerizing, mind-blowing and I'm still riding high from the energetic burst that I got from the performance. If you're not familiar with Taiko drumming, check out this video of a Tao performance: Not only was the performance music to my ears (literally) but it was also a feast for sight and feeling. The synchronized movements of the drummers kept me mesmerized and the beat reverberating through the auditorium and my body kept me literally humming with energy. That's what spring feels like to me -- everything is alive, a feast for the senses.Yet so often we hold back aliveness for fear of feeling good. Think about yoga practices gone stale -- a practitioner pushes him/herself until the practice no longer feels good but is a routine without engagement of the senses. ""I have lived in Japan for 8 months.EIGHT MONTHS!At times, this is unbelievable. I still feel like a newbie. A guest. and somehow, i think, i will always feel this way. in fact, i accept that this status will not change. being a guest, does have its priviledges.In everyday life, i have become pretty independent. I can shop, dine, carry out simple bank, postal, phone transactions without a problem. Yet. I will always be dependent on others. and maybe, just maybe, that might be a good thing. This way, i get to interact with others more.While I think i have grown as a person, this has somewhat plateau-ed and I have reverted back to some of my bad habits. I sleep no earlier than 12 these days, i watch more dramas than before, i procrastinate- ALOT.The trip back to Singapore has made me re-evaluate my priorities. Its prompt interruption of my routine has made me take a step back and think, once more, of why I am here. and why i want to stay one more year. Going back made me realise that time and tide waits for no man. Everyone had changed, just a little, if not in personality then in circumstances, in relationships, in dressing, in habits. I have changed too. but is it for the better?So on the plane back, I thought about it. It didn¡¯t have to be amazing acheivements. It just had to be something I would follow through with. and i came up with these1) Learn enough Japanese (at least up to JLPT 3)2) Update my blog3) Upload my photos4) Be myself. Don¡¯t accommodate too much5) Cook more interesting food (and not so frequently)6) Exercise more7) Sleep by 118) Make more friends9) Take more pictures10) Think about my future"This is the best epilator I have come across with. I love it! I have quite some facial hair and I use it on my sideburns and under my chin. Ive had it since I was 11 when it first came out and it has never bailed on me. I am looking for one of these epilators too and everywhere I look says 'currently unavailable'. What idiot company would run out of such a popular shaver?? Doesn't say much about philips/norelco does it. Please if someone knows where to find one, please let me know I have had this epilator years one of the best products i have ever brought.It does hurt a LITTLE for the first couple of times.I dropped mine on the floor and broke the on off switch even though it still works i would like to replace it with the same one or new model does anybody know where i can get one thanks..excellent investment. I have also had this product for a few years but need to replace it! I cant find this product anywhere so Im guessing there must be an upgrade to it or something with a different name, as I have seen loads of similar ones! Can anyone help me please? I love my HP6443, have had it for years and now I think it has decided its time is done. So, I want to buy an identical new one and cannot find anywhere to purchase it! Can anyone direct me? Thanks. I have been Epilating for 20 years. I have found this brand and product well worth it! It is pain at first but body adjusts and before you know it you are using it all over your body (stay away from face)."Argentina has just approved chemical castration for convicted rapists in the Mendoza province. The treatment must be voluntary, and because it¡¯s a medication administered for the duration of their consent to treatment, it¡¯s not permanent.In the feminist community in particular, the debate over whether or not chemical castration should even be an option is still ongoing, but my initial reaction was: does anybody think this is actually going to work?! According to the CNN piece I linked above, there are 11 convicted rapists who will be undergoing treatment with a reduced sentence. It seems the hope is that if it¡¯s successful in this province, it will be adopted in other provinces as well. But if the jury¡¯s still out of how effective this is, how long do they intend to wait to deem it a success?  Last night, I had a scrumptious meal cooked by a good friend. Along with another friend, we sipped wine, busted out the Abbey Ale, and enjoyed the pleasure of each other¡¯s company. And to make it a picture-perfect evening, we worked on our taxes.Yes, it¡¯s tax season here in the States and my friends and I turned what¡¯s usually an annoyance into a fun night of food, drinks and good company.For my friend, it was her first time filing taxes and we thought this would be a good way to promote financial independence. Hooray for sisterhood! We were able to coach her through the process and get her feeling more confident about being able to keep her finances in order. In fact, I think this dinner, drinks, taxes combo is a great one that I¡¯ll be doing often! Any good cooks out there who need tax help? Or any awesome accountants in need of a yummy meal? I urge you all to start this tradition.""Hello :) Trusting you had a safe and happy Easter. I had a few relatively relaxed days, which was nice for a change. Got to the Easter Show which was good. Classic quote of the day came from Miss 7 as we were exiting one of the pavilions & she caught sight of a display. ¡°Bricks? What¡¯s so artistic about bricks?¡±. I laughed & explained they were fruit cakes (while imagining the wrath of dozens of scorned cake makers, for whom I daresay the competition would be a highlight of the year). The display looked something like this. Image courtesy of James O¡¯Brien. The relaxed long weekend also gave me the opportunity to update my sadly neglected Top 100 list.  I just realised yesterday was the 2nd anniversary of my first attempt at a top 100 list. So there you go. You might notice a new little button in my sidebar. I¡¯ve never been a fan of the whole donation, buy me a beer kinda thing, but Duncan suggested it & I figured ¡°heh, why not?¡±. Maybe someone out there appreciates the time that goes into the listÿ So without further ado:Congratulations & thanks again for your suggestions of blogs that might be eligible. You know you¡¯ve been out of the blogosphere for a while whenÿ.. you drop into Karen¡¯s blog to see if she¡¯s had any luck falling pregnant yet, only to find she¡¯s not only been pregnant - but has actually had the baby! Congratulations :) And on the downsideÿ.. you venture to read one of your favourite bloggers & a Most Awesome Chick only to find out she¡¯s had a minor stroke. Hugs Kelley & glad to hear you¡¯re on the mend. Dear Mr Isherwood You know today I had a really crap day. I¡¯m sure you couldn¡¯t care less. At the end of a long, frustrating day the last thing someone feels like is fending off spam emails like the ones you are sending. I just received the sixth copy of the emailed press release entitled ¡°Storm Financial a case for an Australian Pecora Commission¡±, and all were addressed to customised condolence email addresses (which are intended to convey condolence messages to the families of deceased people).  I have come to the conclusion that you are nothing but a two bit spammer amongst the ranks of sellers of pharmaceutical products I will never have the need for and replica watches I will never buy. Furthermore these email address could only have been obtained via raking (scraping email addresses from websites). Which indicates to me one of two things. Either you are buying crap email lists from a disreputable source and couldn¡¯t care less, or you are engaging someone to obtain these on your behalf. Frankly, I don¡¯t particularly care which - the net effect is the same. SPAM. I responded as such to the fifth email you sent, but I¡¯m sure it will get lost amongst a sea of abuse.""When Mother¡¯s Day came around, I was weakened by the day. I just couldn¡¯t face my mother or Randa¡¯s daughter. How do you comfort someone, when you need comforting yourself? I called my mother and apologized, but I was grateful to know my mother¡¯s sister¡¯s came from Ohio to spend the day with my mother. My mother still cries every time I see her. I can only imagine what my mother is going through.Randa¡¯s daughter Mattilyn, turned 7 in April, which is the same month as my birthday. Although my mother did have a birthday gathering with Matty¡¯s friends, I went there to help my mother. It was a very sad day for my mother and me, because we tried hard all day to put our best face on for Matty. Matty¡¯s birthday was considered a huge holiday for Randa. I think Randa thought it should have been declared a national holiday. Randa would immediately start thinking of Matty¡¯s next birthday celebration after Matty¡¯s birthday.It was difficult on my birthday as well. My family and I agreed not to buy birthday gifts for each other, since our family was increasing. We decided we would only buy gifts for the children in the family, but not the adults. Randa didn¡¯t agree to it, because every time our birthdays came around, Randa would still buy gifts, even though she lived on a minimal income. Randa¡¯s heart was a giving one; that is my sister; that is my friend; that is the person I want to scream to the people that don¡¯t know her.Easter came around as well. Randa had so much faith. I believe she had more faith than my whole family did. She was a prayer warrior. I have not been back to Church since her disappearance. It¡¯s not that I don¡¯t believe anymore, but I had prayed for Randa the morning of her disappearance, before I had known she had disappeared. I just believe no matter how much you pray for someone, God is still going to allow things to happen anyway. I do know I still love Him, and I don¡¯t want to live without faith, but I can¡¯t understand this. I hear it all the time that everything happens for a reason, and it is always for the best, it is for something we need to learn, but you have to believe. I don¡¯t know what I need to learn, but I do know whatever it is I need to learn, it is not worth the pain, it¡¯s not worth losing my beautiful sister.We celebrated Randa¡¯s and Ghada¡¯s birthday in June, by having a prayer vigil for Randa. That day just didn¡¯t seem right, a day always meant to be celebrated, and was celebrated by a vigil. It was a good reason, to have the news media come, just to get my sister back in the news. Now we look for reason to get Randa back in the news. We have one billboard in Fenton, on the expressway, and hopefully we¡¯ll have another one up on another expressway. It is the billboard that is still keeping the public aware my sister is still missing. As many times as we have posted and reposted flyers, people still bring them down. The billboard and flyers are difficult for my family and me to see. It feels like a stab in the heart every time we pass them, but it is something necessary when you have a missing loved one disappear.Holidays are difficult. When someone you¡¯ve loved your whole life is missing. My family and I have not celebrated anything. I don¡¯t want to celebrate anything. I don¡¯t ever want to take another family picture again, I just can¡¯t do it. The prayer vigil for Randa was the first and last time my family has been together in one place. That was appropriate, I could handle that, but I can¡¯t handle a family gathering right now with Randa still missing.My favorite holiday memory that I have of Randa, is New Years Eve. We had a family member that had been struggling with drug addiction who was in rehab at the time. Randa and I dedicate that night to her, and said we would not drink any alcohol all evening. While everyone in club was drinking and acting stupid, Randa and I stuck to our plan, and had more fun than everyone else in the club. I think we were the only two straight people there. I miss her!!! Randa loved the holidays because she always looked forward for any reason our family would get together. She just loved hanging out with the family.My favorite present that I had given Randa, and my favorite present Randa has given me, is the love that we had for each other. I love her so much. Randa is a beautiful jewel in the midst of our family. I have had a history of painful events within my lifetime, but if I added all my painful events that have happened in my lifetime, it would not equal to the pain of not knowing where Randa is, or what happened to my sister. This is different than anything I have ever experienced. I wouldn¡¯t wish this on my worst enemy. Life still continues to go on. Sometimes I wish the world would just stop to catch my breath. I am still working; I just started to go back to school, which I was in the process of doing before Randa¡¯s disappearance. I had to put it on the back burner for a while. I am trying to keep myself as busy as possible, I think being busy is good for me, but no matter how busy I may be, my sister is always on my mind and in everything I do. Sometimes I can do nothing but feel the pain of Randa missing. This is pain that is indescribable, I can¡¯t explain it, I can only feel it.""With all due respect to it, conceptual art isn¡¯t something I'm crazy about and that's why I was surprised by how much I enjoyed Maya Lin's exhibition at the Arts Club of Chicago, on view until April 23, 2010. Lin, an American artist and architect who explores landscape and geological phenomena, creates uncanny replicas of commonly known locations, such as Blue Lake Pass, wooden rock-like formations that recreate the Rocky Mountain pass. Although her art seems cool and impersonal upon first glance, once you spend a bit of time with it you can't help but be awed by her work.Lin was awarded a doctorate from Yale and is best known for the Vietnam Veteran's Memorial in Washington, D.C, which she designed in 1982 while an undergraduate at Yale.The work in the exhibition is a continuation of the artist's previous exhibitions. Lin's 1998 Topologies and the 2006-2009 Systematic Landscapes continue here.When you think about the vantage point Lin is trying to express, the way computers and scientists view the landscape as circles and squares on satellite grid, the beauty she's imparting has a distinct purpose: to remind us of the importance of nature in our lives.The interesting thing about Lin's work is that it seems hard and distant on the outside, but when you study it and reach and understanding about it, you warm up to it and become moved by it, to the point of wanting to escape the city to the nearest woods. This hard-shelled, but soft interior is the nature of Lin's art, and is a profound statement about the natural world. In order to become one with it you have to take careful note of it."Kerry Taylor Auctions is having a bumper sale with over 300 lots, which opens with a collection of celebrity-owned dresses being auctioned by Topshop, in aid of the charities Help the Aged and Age Concern. The collection includes a wonderful Lanvin S/S 2003 cocktail dress from Kate Moss and a beautiful siren gown by Zac Posen, worn by Erin O'Connor, as well as others from Scarlett Johannson and Dita von Teese, and dresses by exciting young designers like Christopher Kane and Danielle Scutt. The rest of the sale covers every decade from the 18th century to the 1990s, and includes dozens of beaded flapper dresses, a stylish 1960s Balenciaga coat, and Thierry Mugler suits from 1980s. The fashion is accompanied by wonderful accessories, including twenties shoes, Hermes handbags, embroidered samplers, boxes of trimmings and much more. I didn't want to be all tacky and blatantly show off my inventory while still mending a broken heart left by the breathtaking McQueen collection, but... Alexander McQueen's last collection was shown this week. As only McQueen could, his final show is rich in opulent fabrics, trim, rooted in history, and yet unlike anything we have seen before. Alexander McQueen was one of the only designers that appealed to my eclectic, and often disjointed style preference. He was the master of edgy couture, luxe punk rock, and yet had the craftsmanship to make clothing that made you think "Yea, I can wear that." In his final collection, you see his use of luxury fabrics and trim - satin, gold embroidery  - done in a new an unexpected way, yet obviously influenced by ancient history. How many modern designers can be described that way? I wanted to share a few of my favorite pieces..."""What the music industry didn¡¯t expect was that Lenz would fight back so rather than think ¡°What is the PR value involved here?¡± it decided to fight dirty.    It tried a novel attack strategy. It said that even if the music was used legally, it was also infringing at the same time. Why? Well, because the song was copyrighted and owned by Universal. It tried to claim that its own DMCA notice was not legitimate. It attacked Lenz¡¯s counsel, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, for daring to help her to defend the case. Universal also said Lenz had ¡°unclean hands¡± for making supposedly false allegations in her lawsuit.    US District Judge Jeremy Fogel finally had enough of the music industry¡¯s bizarre antics and granted partial summary judgement. He didn¡¯t award Lenz damages but has opened the way for her lawyers to get her attorneys¡¯ fees from her initial case against the bogus takedown.This article at Business Insider has some more information about what the PSJ means, for the sake of clarity. I also read a blog entry this weekend that implied my only ¡°damage¡± was that I was ¡°slightly annoyed¡± when my video was removed. That¡¯s soÿActually you know what it is? Slightly annoying. Yes. That¡¯s ¡°slightly annoying¡± on my ¡°annoying¡± scale. Impinging my First Amendment rights, accusing me of being a copyright infringerÿ that¡¯s somewhat higher on my ¡°annoying¡± scale.BTW: As I write this, the hit count on the video is 954,662 views. When it was flagged for removal, the views were 273. Astounding. Pink Floyd signed with EMI in 1967 and their contract ¡°contained a clause to ¡®preserve the artistic integrity of the albums.¡¯¡± What does this mean forty years later? That you won¡¯t be able to buy their concept albums a song at a time, which EMI wanted to offer via iTunes, Amazon and other music-buying sites.As the BBC says: ¡°The band largely avoided releasing singles during their career, instead preferring fans to listen to entire albums such as Dark Side of the Moon, which has sold more than 35 million copies around the world.¡±    The issue of selling individual tracks online has been a thorny one for many artists, who want their albums to be seen as complete works. Bands also receive less money if fans pick and choose tracks instead of buying a full suite of songs. When I think of certain albums, I think of them as whole pieces, not as individual songs (Tommy, Abbey Road, Dark Side of The Moon, Sgt. Pepper¡¯s Lonely Hearts Club Band, Nebraska, American Idiot, etc.). For these, when I put them on, I play them straight through. Putting these albums on shuffle illustrates how essential song order and coherence are to the concept album (as well as the concept of ¡°album¡±). Of course I like buying songs a la carte and we own a lot of songs that we would never have purchased an album to get b/c the rest of the album is crap. I used to call it ¡°single-filler¡± in the 80s when I judged whether it was worth my $8 to buy """"Ever heard the phrases, ¡°standing on principle¡± or, ¡°following principles,¡± or ¡°adhering to principles?¡±  Have you considered that how you run your business is based on your idea of  business principles?  And have you considered that you are the architect of the principles upon which your business is built?Most businesses of more than 10 employees have organizational charts, documents of policies and procedures and other ways of determining what their principles are upon which they run their enterprises.  The tiny business owner, the solo-preneur, rarely gives this much thought.  Some tiny businesses get born by a good idea and launched into activity without even a written business plan.   However, I¡¯ve said it before ? if you haven¡¯t set a destination and know how you¡¯ll get there, you¡¯ll only run in circles.  Principles are important.At its most basic, what is a business principle?  A principle?  Principles are those things and elements that represent what is desirable and positive for a business to do and they provide forward momentum.  Although principles hold within themselves policy, goals and objectives, they are actually more elemental and are meant to be the baseline governing factor in all manner of doing and operating your business.Principles have within them the elements of norms, rules and values and these elements all have to be defined and determined individually for each business.Norms are the ¡°what is normal¡± guidelines for operations.  Kind of the ¡°the way we¡¯ve always done things;¡± the comfortable and the known.  Norms are the guidelines or practices you set down.  For example, you send out invoices on the 15th of every month ? this is a norm for the accounts receivable function of your business.   You review your business plan on a quarterly basisÿthis is a normal function for your leadership role."" 5 Recruiting Tricks of the Trade Amidst wide-spread cuts to company budgets, headcount and resources, recruiters nowadays are pressed to take on more and more with less and less. Current market conditions have created new challenges for recruiters across all industries. Recruiting strategies and sources that may have proven effective in prior years are now antiquated and less productive. The need to be cost-efficient without cutting corners and sacrificing quality of hires is a skill recruiters across the spectrum are having to master.  For most of 2009, I spent more time assessing and re-assessing the effectiveness of our overall recruiting strategy at Esurance, while ensuring that not a penny over what¡¯s necessary is spent. I¡¯m sure this hits home for many of you who either lead talent acquisition teams or play a vital part in identifying talent for your organizations. During the course of these re-assessments, I came up with the following creative ways to do more with less.   Staff Re-alignment & Re-evaluation of Best Practices The past year provided numerous challenges as Esurance tightened its belt and worked to optimize efficiency across all departments. With some relatively simple maneuvering and fluid communication with our business leaders, we moved from a regional recruiting model to a business specialization model. The team¡¯s workload was stretched, and we were able to support a larger, broader customer base. A re-alignment and streamlining of tasks immediately followed and each recruiter now provides their internal client groups with end-to-end (full life cycle) recruiting support. This has led to faster cycle times or an average time to fill of 23 days for Esurance as a whole.  Job Boards Undoubtedly, this is the most cost-consuming part of my budget. While the overall effectiveness of job boards in general is questionable in the age of social networking and talent communities, it still remains a key part of our recruitment strategy. But what do you do when you need to fill a specific or technically niche position(s) due to unanticipated turnover and have little to no more money to spend? This is where ¡°out of the box¡± thinking is crucial.   Explore options with your Account Manager to see if unused job postings can be exchanged for other services? such as name-generation lists, source and screen, inmail or targeted email campaigns? which enable you to reach applicants with the specific experience you¡¯re looking for without having to dig deep in your pocket. Vendor Trial Demonstrations"Biomass can be converted to fuels via a process called gasification, which uses high temperatures to break feedstock down into carbon monoxide and hydrogen, which can then be made into various fuels, including hydrocarbons. But there's a major drawback--about half of the carbon in the biomass gets converted to carbon dioxide rather than into carbon monoxide, a precursor for fuels. Now researchers in University of Minnesota and the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, have developed a method for gasifying biomass that converts all of the carbon into carbon monoxide. In the new approach, the researchers gasify biomass in the presence of precisely controlled amounts of carbon dioxide and methane, the main component of natural gas, in a special catalytic reactor that the researchers developed. When they did this, all of the carbon in both the biomass and the methane was converted to carbon monoxide. "In the chemical industry, even a few percent improvement makes a big impact. The increase from 50 percent to 100 percent is profound," says Dionisios Vlachos, the director of the Catalysis Center for Energy Innovation at the University of Delaware.  To increase the yields from gasification, researchers at the University of Minnesota and UMass Amherst added carbon dioxide, which promotes a well-known reaction: the carbon dioxide combines with hydrogen to produce water and carbon monoxide. But adding carbon dioxide isn't enough to convert all of the carbon in biomass into carbon monoxide instead of carbon dioxide. It's also necessary to add hydrogen, which helps in part by providing the energy needed to drive the reactions. It's long been possible to do each of these steps in separate chemical reactors. The researchers' innovation was to find a way to combine all of these reactions in a single reactor, the key to making the process affordable. "What a night. Berry became the first African-American woman to win the best actress Oscar and Washington became only the second African-American man to win best actor, after Poitier. Berry won for portraying an angry black woman with a husband on death row and a child so overweight she beat and chastised him before his death. Washington won for a playing a crooked, thuggish cop¡ªbut still, a new chapter in black history had begun: African-Americans were finally being recognized and awarded for their work in film.A more diverse selection of ""our stories"" was sure to follow right?Not so much.This must be said: Mo'Nique and Gabourey Sidibe gave wonderfully flawless performances in Precious, a touching but incredibly disturbing film about an overweight, young inner-city girl abused by her mother and molested by her father. They both deserved every nomination and award they received. Lee Daniels directed the film, as he has with many others, with the skill and compassion that guaranteed a best director nomination. My issue is not with them or any minority performer, save for being a part of only the stories Hollywood deems interesting enough to tell.Defenders of the film have rebuffed the criticism of Precious. They argue that attacking its stereotypes and mainstream popularity is unfounded, given that the story is very much a reality in many inner-city African-American homes across the country. Unfortunately, it is a story that is all too familiar¡ªbut it's also one that's well known to all American households, thanks to its ubiquity in pop culture.""It¡¯s easy to imagine Larry Keigwin choreographing a Beyonc¨¦ video, even if you didn¡¯t know he got his start as a backup dancer on Club MTV. Please don¡¯t mistake that for faint praise (who doesn¡¯t love her ¡°Single Ladies¡±?), only a nod to this witty stylist¡¯s pop sensibilities. In the meantime Mr. Keigwin is fast making inroads on the concert dance circuit. On Tuesday night Keigwin & Company, formed in 2003, had its first solo week at the Joyce Theater, performing repertory works and a premiere before a full, enthusiastic house.The new work, ¡°Bird Watching,¡± shows Mr. Keigwin as engaged as ever in people watching. Preening and plumage aren¡¯t just for the birds, and here five dancers, dressed in Fritz Masten¡¯s glittery black-and-white costumes (figure skating comes to mind), strut and swoop to Haydn¡¯s Symphony No. 6 in D.The chandelier and cream-colored backdrop signal grandeur, as does Burke Wilmore¡¯s buttery lighting. But these characters are surely nouveau riche, with their hip-jutting attitude and flashy jewels. In one of the most striking motifs they rapidly fan their ring-bearing hands in front of their faces, simultaneously coy and attention grabbing.Mr. Keigwin¡¯s mix of kinetic street energy and academic technique is always pleasing (as is his nonchalant inclusion of homosexuality, at a time when too much dance remains closeted onstage; a section in another work, ¡°Mattress Suite,¡± is cheekily titled ¡°Straight Duet¡±). But ¡°Bird Watching¡± feels a bit dutiful to me, especially when followed by ¡°Runaway¡± (2008), a nasty-edged world of mannequins and suits set to Jonathan Melville Pratt¡¯s propulsive ¡°Thirteen.¡±""At the start of Yasuko Yokoshi¡¯s ¡°Tyler Tyler,¡± a woman in a long, full skirt enters with slow, almost ritualistic pacing and places a tiny toy piano on the floor. A man (Kuniya Sawamura) in traditional costume kneels close to her and begins to move with subtle twistings and dippings of the upper body as she sings in Japanese. In the next scene, Ms. Yokoshi reverses that scenario: The man, Naoki Asaji, sits at the piano but sings the Carpenters¡¯ ¡°Yesterday Once More¡± as the woman (Julie Alexander) performs sweeping, dramatic runs and falls, her legs whipping up, skirt swirling. Kayvon Pourazar, in jeans and blue shirt, kneels, his contained hand gestures suggestive of a tea-drinking ceremony.The game plan is clear: ¡°Tyler Tyler,¡± which opened at Dance Theater Workshop on Wednesday night, will explore the conflation of traditional Japanese and contemporary Western dances and cultures. And Ms. Yokoshi maintains tight control of that objective as, with calculated slowness, she draws her audience ever closer to the opaque deliberations taking place onstage.¡°Tyler Tyler¡± makes you notice the nuances of the traditional dance Kabuki Su-odori, which Ms. Yokoshi learned from the master teacher Masumi Seyama. It is revered for its purity and simplicity, performed without the facial makeup and dramatic gestures of traditional Kabuki.The dance at first looks minimal; a matter of tiny, incremental shifts of position. Then you begin to see the smooth-as-silk wrists that twist and unfold their fans with purpose, the minute adjustments of posture and inclination, the hinted-at emotions, the perfect necessity of each gesture.Against this, the contemporary dance passages ¡ª small, intent movements from Ms. Alexander and Mr. Pourazar (who also perform in the Su-odori style) ¡ª feel far more lightweight, even though the correspondences between the two forms are notable.In the most theatrical passage, Ms. Yokoshi memorably fuses both elements as Mr. Asaji recites a passage from the 12th-century epic ¡°The Tale of the Heike.¡±There are parts of ¡°Tyler Tyler,¡± which has been beautifully lighted by Ayumu (Poe) Saegusa, that feel less coherent. But all in all, the work is a considerable achievement that takes up residence in the memory and lingers, its details slowly becoming clearer, its mysteries more resonant.""Hello, ladies! It¡¯s time for a surprise inspection for all our favorite Sunday shows! We¡¯re dropping in to see how they¡¯re managing without our weekly report. CJP likes to make sure women are well represented on the weekly shows. On with the inspection!First Place:Chris Matthews ShowChris is keeping up the good work over on CMS. Chris Matthews hosted Janes Helene Cooper of the New York Times and Kelly O¡¯Donnell of NBC news along with The Atlantic¡¯s Andrew Sullivan and HDNet¡¯s Dan Rather. Two of four is good enough for first placeÿCongratulations, CMS!Second PlaceMeet the PressMeet the Press hosted California First Lady Maria Shriver, Senior White House Adviser Valerie Jarrett, Sen. Chris Dodd, Sen. John Kyl, and John Podesta, President and CEO of the Center for American Progress on this week¡¯s show. Two Janes earns MTP a Jane and second place this week. Good job MTP!Tied for Last PlaceFox News SundayChris Wallace hosted Sen. Kent Conrad, Sen. Arlen Specter, Sen. John Thune, Terry McAuliffe former Chair of the Democratic Party and Karl Rove former Senior Adviser to President George W. Bush. Not a Jane in the bunch so that puts Chris and FNS in last place.  This WeekGeorge Stephanopolous hosted White House Senior Adviser David Axelrod. Not a Jane but we will give George a little credit for at least including one Jane in his roundtable panel.Face the NationBob Scheiffer hosted White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel, Sen. John Cornyn, and Sen. John Kerry on Sunday morning. As most of you know, we at CJP are very fond of Bob and consider him our Sunday boyfriend. Needless to say, we¡¯re disappointed, Bob.""At a time when our political and financial landscapes are littered with villains and those unwilling to take them on, it's refreshing to find someone in the halls of power that we can unabashedly celebrate.Enter Sen. Ted Kaufman of Delaware. Kaufman, Joe Biden's longtime chief of staff who was appointed to serve out his old boss's term, was originally thought to be a Senate placeholder.But, far from biding his time, Kaufman has emerged as one of the Senate's fiercest critics of Wall Street and a champion of the need to push for a serious rebooting of our financial system.When I met with Kaufman earlier today in his small, basement ""hideaway"" in the Capitol (""it took Sen. Biden 15 years to get one of these; I was lucky to get one right away""), the first thing I wanted to know was what had inspired his transformation from behind-the-scenes staffer to fire-breathing accidental leader. Was there a Road to Damascus moment?""In the beginning,"" he told me, ""though I was very upset about what had happened on Wall Street, it wasn't one of my key objectives. In fact, the committees I got on were Foreign Affairs and Judiciary. But then I started reading more and more about the way the SEC was failing to curb abusive practices when it came to short selling. So I started speaking out on that... and the blogosphere really got involved, reporting what I was saying. Then people started reaching out to me: 'You think this is bad about short selling, you ought to take a look at this'... or 'you ought to take a look at that!' So we started getting all this information, and then checking it out with academics, folks from the industry, we just started building this whole repository of things that were still going on as if nothing bad had ever happened.""""And on the record's best song, ""In the Rushes"", it comes after five minutes of tightly coiled build-up driven by sawing strings and Thorburn's choked, whispery warble, when the song explodes into major-key harmonies, galloping guitars, and sweetly twinkling glockenspiels.Thorburn is an imaginative songwriter and his voice (both literally and figuratively) has always been unusual. Though he often overstuffs his compositions, sometimes that excess works to his advantage. Rambling opener ""The Arm"", which navigates terrain that's both spare and baroque, is better off for its sprawl. Its melody matures as it encompasses soaring strings, moments of prickly pizzicato and a welcome section of last-album levity that marries golden harmonies to bright polyrhythms. Islands are at their best when they are weird. And there is plenty of weirdness on Arm's Way-- like 11-minute, three-movement album closer, ""Vertigo (If It's a Crime)"", and its trial-to-gallows plotline-- but it's bracketed by much more rock pomp than was expected or (probably) necessary. Bravo to the band for sidestepping the trap of trying to replicate a winning debut; if only the resulting sophomore effort didn't so blatantly feel like a losing effort. ""After the film and interactive players departed Austin, a louder and shaggier music crowd took over the festival, helping solidify its reputation as a vital destination to catch and debate breaking talent and trends -- including the emerging hotspot of alt-comedy.Record-breaking attendance of the concurrent film and interactive conferences (up 25% and 40% respectively from 2009), new programming that reflected their natural crossover and the ubiquitous influence of tweeting created a dynamic and intense atmosphere in this laidback city, whose slogan is ""Keep Austin weird.""Kickstarted by SXSW staffer Charlie Sotelo a few years back, comedy programming is an emerging strand here, attracting big auds for faves from the alt-comedy scene.The grungy attire of the music folks promenading 6th Street, SXSW's main drag, was noted -- to big laughs -- by comic Pete Holmes, first up in Comedy Central's inaugural SXSW showcase.""SXSW has always been such a cool, trend-setting place and the comedy presence here is growing so we wanted to be a part of it,"" said Comedy Central talent scout Anne Harris.Comedy Central execs were in full force, including original programming senior VP Lisa Leingang, also planning to scout talent from the remaining film slate.The channel also showed auds the first episode of new animated series ""Ugly Americans"" before its broadcast preem that night.With programming support from L.A.'s Comedy Death-Ray co-founder Scott Aukerman, Sotelo said SXSW comedy is in line with the fest's spirit of discovery.""When Hannibal Buress first played here no one had heard of him and now he's a writer for SNL,"" Sotelo said. ""Comedians want to come and hangout at SXSW -- because wherever the comedians are, that's where they want to be.""While buzzing pics like Lena Durham's narrative competition winner ""Tiny Furniture,"" Aaron Katz's mumblecore thriller ""Cold Weather"" and Jeff Malmberg's docu winner ""Marwencol"" seem certain to find release homes following their SXSW bows, dozens more will find auds via new frontiers discussed this week.""It¡¯s no secret that in your teenage to young adult years you make a lot of impulsive decisions that would make your parents cringe. I had a pretty conservative father, but still pushed the envelope when it came to my hair. It was all colors of the rainbow in my rebellious punk rock years.  Other young adults may get wild piercings or tattoos to express themselves. Oftentimes we don¡¯t think about how we will feel down the line with that permanent scar from that piercing or that tattoo of that great guy or girl we just started dating. Now that oral piercings have been around for a while, dentists are starting to see how these metal ornaments - even worn for short periods of time - are seriously affecting people¡¯s smiles. My close friend, who has 13 piercings on her face and ears, called me one day to ask if I had a good dentist. She saw my dentist and he let her know that she had a lot of minor tooth fractures and her gums on the bottom were receding due to 3 piercings she had under her lower lip. Dentists are finding that the gentle back and forth motion of the metal button is enough to cause receding gums or even worse. It can cause significant deformities to gingival tissue that might not respond to gum surgery. This could even lead to tooth loss. Also, people could experience nerve damage or inflammation at the piercing site, fractured or chipped teeth or periodontal disease. If you do choose to express yourself with metal in your mouth, make sure to visit your dentist regularly to prevent dental problems before they start. No one should want metal to outlast their own teeth.""About three things I was absolutely positive.First, Stephenie Meyer was going to be in Tempe, AZ at an address I knew.Second, there was a dress there that I wanted...and it wasn't going to be cheap.And third, I was intently and tenaciously going to fight for it I woke up so excited to be in the vicinity of Stephenie Meyer that day. I call her OZ. Not because she is small behind a curtain but because she is the gatekeeper of the wonderful land of Twilight. She created it, she got it published, and she made more of it for us. Thank you Stephenie for being our greatest mentor. A strong, talented, mother and wife, who has crazy boy dreams just like us!I set off that day determined to get the lunch. If you guys remember I blogged about lunch and ¡®Forever Dawn¡¯ being exactly what I was throwing my money at. Somehow it changed along the way.The auction started and the dress somehow became the focus after the lunch went nuts. And when I say nuts...watch this video to see. Lunch to me was something that could not be duplicated. Well, she could have lunch everyday with someone but to pick her brain on anything Twilight you could think of would be priceless. Kudos to Carol for getting it!I decided at one point that there could be more 'Forever Dawn' Epilogues printed out. Making the one item that could not be duplicated the Eclipse prom dress. There will never be another worn by Stephenie, for an event she created around her book coming out. To me this became the item I had to have.Now me being competitive might have something to do with it. Two ladies came running up to the front of the room. This was two rows, directly in front of me. I looked at Jason (my husband) and gave him a smirk...maybe with a little bit of snark which he took as a let's get em' look. Everything that day had gone into the thousands of dollars.Eclipse Manuscript $1300.00Host Skateboard $1100.00Lunches $6500.00 X 2Forever Dawn epilogue $5100.00I knew the dress was going to be insane with all the hype. I sat next to a reporter who kept asking me, ""how much you think this will go for"". It was fun as we predicted the numbers.The two ladies were Laura from Twilight Lexicon and Kara from Twilight Moms. So here they are, two rows ahead, bickering back and forth on the figures $5,000 to $5,300. J.S. Lewis says, ""you have a sparkle Twilight Mom shirt--you have money"". I started dying laughing. It was funny! He was good at egging them on. Finally Jason says loudly, ""$5,300"" and the ladies start to scramble. They actually tried to pull their money together or help each other somehow. I thought okay here is big dog twilight site and another big dog twilight site ganging up on me, the little Twilight site. I looked at Jason and said, ""Get it"". Jason yelled out ""$5,500"". Kara and Laura were a little stunned and I think they knew we didn't look like we were giving up anytime soon and conceded.I could hardly contain my excitement! I ran up to them and said, ""Twifans.com will take good care of the dress ladies"" and almost sprinted to meet Stephenie Meyer for the first time that day.""People often ask why Charlotte Martin hasn't got a boyfriend. She's an attractive 31-year-old from Hungerford in Berkshire with a successful career as a three-day  event rider and a busy social diary. ""When they ask me why I'm single, I never know how to respond,"" she says. ""It's more acceptable in London. Here in the country people wonder what's wrong with you. But I'd rather be on my own than with someone who isn't quite right. My friends say that I'll meet someone when I least expect it and I guess I just have to believe them. Horsey girls aren't that bad really.""It shouldn't be difficult to meet a like-minded person in the countryside, given that there is a structured calendar of rural social events, including races and point-to-points. But according to Patricia Warren, a farmer's wife from Derbyshire who runs the Country Bureau, a rural introduction agency, the country dating scene can be bleak, whatever age you are. ""Communities are small and people work long hours,"" she says. ""There are amazing men out there who want a wife and children but feel as if they've been sitting on a tractor for the last 10 years and haven't met anyone.""  Charlotte, however, is socially proactive. ""I'm not a hermit, I go out all the time. I like having a full itinerary,"" she says. ""I've gone to so many hunt balls this year, I've become a bit of a joke among my friends. But it's rare to be introduced to a new face and even if I am, the likelihood is that they'll know my friends."" For many rural communities, the hunt ball is an annual highlight, organised ostensibly to raise money for the local hunt, but presenting locals with a rare opportunity to dress up and swing each other around on the dance floor. ""I'd never go to one on my own,"" Charlotte says, ""but as long as I have a wingman, I'm fine.""This is exactly the right approach, according to dating expert Mary Balfour. ""Find a dating buddy; someone who is in the same situation as you,"" she says. ""Single friends will also give you moral support if you're feeling depressed about meeting the third frog in a row.""  If you've been brought up in a country community, the chances are you will already know a lot of the people living locally. According to Patricia Warren, this can make socialising stale. ""You need fresh blood,"" she says. Two of Charlotte's friends organised a singles party on Valentine's Day and 70 people turned up. ""It was very refreshing to be sat next to two people I didn't know,"" Charlotte says. ""But that kind of event doesn't happen every month; it takes a lot of effort to arrange.""Determined to improve the chances of fresh encounters in the countryside, Lucy Reeves, 30, from Northamptonshire, founded rural matchmaking website Muddy Matches with her sister Emma in 2007. ""I grew up in the countryside before moving to London and overseas. When I moved back to the country it occurred to me how hard it is to meet people. As soon as everyone starts to couple up and have children, meeting new people gets harder,"" she says. "This flat iron is great! I've had mine for 3.5 years now and it hasn't disappointed me yet. I've tried other ceramic irons (CHI, Solia, HerStyler) and they are all quite heavy and start to weigh down on your wrists after straightening for a while. I love that the Sedu is so light and straightens my hair so smoothly and easily! I've recommended this iron to all my friends who want to buy flat irons and they all love theirs too! I have used this Sedu ionic hair straightener for 3 months, my hair has been changed from frizzy to shiny & smooth now. I wanna sincerely thank this hair straightener and I will highly recommend it to my friends, cuz it's really a good tool to renew the hair. I have used many of my friends straighteners after i bought this one. Some straighten faster, but none of them keep my hair as silky as the one i own. My hair feels much less burned using this straightener than using others. It also has a wide range of temperatures. Overall it is a great straightener, but it does take longer than other ones. I have very curly hair so it would take long no matter what. I recommend this straightener, especially to people that don't want their hair damaged easily."Everyone, it seems, has an opinion on autism: celebs, politicians ¡ª not to mention the medical community.But to grasp on a gut level the emotional texture of what it's like to live with Asperger's syndrome (the highest-functioning form of autism) or to love a family member who has it, you need to read Jodi Picoult's powerful new House Rules.House Rules has a serviceable plot involving a murder trial. Set in Vermont, the novel centers on Emma Hunt and her two teen sons. Older son Jacob, 18, is a high school senior with Asperger's; the younger son is the unimpaired Theo, 15. (People with Asperger's are often highly intelligent and very verbal but have difficulty navigating the world because they cannot interpret social cues correctly.)Where's Dad? Although he sends his monthly child support, he fled to Silicon Valley when Theo was 6 months old, overwhelmed by the chaos created by a special-needs child.Everything revolves around Jacob. Picoult brings alive how ""Aspies"" crave order and fall apart when confronted with change. Jacob's rigid schedule, his clothes, his food become minefields if threatened.Emma has devoted herself to helping Jacob through endless therapies, supplements, special diets, doctors. She also ceaselessly advocates for accommodations in school for Jacob. He's doing better, but he'll never be self-sufficient. Hers is a heroic but exhausting and isolated life filled with fear about Jacob once she's gone ¡ª as well as guilt over Theo. With good reason, he resents how his whole life is dominated by his older brother's disability.Emma's deepest grief is Jacob's loneliness. To help him, she hires a lovely grad student named Jess to tutor Jacob in how to read social cues. And to learn why he shouldn't drone on about his favorite topic, a CSI-like TV show. Jacob has a Talmudic knowledge of blood splatters, forensics, crime scenes and decomposing bodies.""I really enjoyed listening to David Martosko! It was nice to feel like we actually had someone who was in our corner. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0bbuuSGcdI      I just returned from the Western United Dairymen convention in Modesto. (I will blog about that later)Upon returning as I was going through my many emails my son had sent this to me. It was created by the AG communication students at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo where my son is in his 4th year studying dairy science.This video exemplifies the quality of students, facility and staff.  This video reward our sacrifice of putting you children through college, knowing that they are surrounded by the quality of the hands on experience. ¡°Learn by Doing¡±.To all of you THANK YOU! This is awesome. You make us proud and give us hopes of a bright future.He put it all out there on the table to explain what we are up against. (I have provided the links below)  Martosko says the Humane Society of the United States masquerades as a protector of pets while plotting the demise of the dairy industry. He said the society is attacking milk producers as part of its effort to turn Americans into vegans. ¡°They are not promoting kinder treatment of farm animals,¡± said Martosko, director of research for the Center for Consumer Freedom in Washington , D.C. ¡°They are promoting the abolition of farm animals.¡± Martosko said many people believe that the society mainly funds dog and cat shelters when in fact it spends most of its hefty income on lobbying, salaries and political donations. He told the dairy farmers that Wayne Pacelle, the president and chief executive officer of the Humane Society of the United States , is ¡°the biggest enemy you have.¡±http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qg2_pKIolU  (Dairy Goddess Video)http://www.youtube.com/agconcern  (Western United Video of David Martosko¡¯s talk at the Convention)www.humanewatch.orgwww.consumerfreedom.comwhen it finally warms up enough to BE out there...to listen, smell, savor the arrival of spring with all it brings. Ducks shuttle by unseen, but clearly heard, and geese are back on the river. No woodcock though.No peent.No wingy whistle turning the empty night into a whirl of wonderful music.Then yesterday morning, just as I stepped onto the back porch in the still dark, not morning yet except by government time change standards , I heard him.....close too. I wonder if he moved his peenting grounds or if it was just so quiet that he sounded closer than other years.He usually starts his sky dance up by the horse pasture pond. This year it sounds as if he is right down under the apple trees by the garden. He showed up on the 15th last year and the 27th in 08March 29th in 07 but not until April in 06Another waited for event had taken place as well. When I got to the barn in reindeer bathrobe, barn coat. and high rubber boots, Armada had finally had her first calf, another amazing red surprise, but, alas a bull. She was feeling sorry for herself and wouldn't even try to stand up so I came back to the house to get the boss to give her a bottle of calcium, which perked her right up. I CAN give bottles if I have to, but she was lying half under another heifer and I thought that someone bigger, stronger and with longer arms was called for. Both baby and mama are fine btw...I am so grateful she finally got around to having him. She was due the 13th. We started doing barn checks a couple times a night about a week before she was due to calve....which adds up to a lot of 0-dark-thirty walks to the barn...in the mud...which is actually drying up just a tad.Although E. E. Cummings found mud to to be a source of inspiration and delight, I personally find it to require me to sweep the kitchen floor about fifteen times a day in a cycle of endless futility, unquenched by ceaseless boot scraping..the outdoors just wants to come indoors during mud season.**The photos above are an update of things at the pond in Lykers...still pretty frosty and not much around but a few chickadees. Just a few weeks and that will change.""After being disappointed by Jodi Picoult's previous book, ""Handle With Care,"" I dug into her newest effort hoping for the best.While ""House Rules"" treads some familiar ground when it comes to plot devices, her examination of a family dealing with the form of autism called Asperger's syndrome will touch all but the coldest heart.Picoult quickly introduces us to the three members of the Hunt family: Emma and her sons, Jacob and Theo. At 18, Jacob's intelligence paired with his Asperger's makes life in the Hunt home difficult. For the Hunts, autism rules their life. Meals are color-coded (only green food on Monday, red on Tuesday and so on), and TV watching revolves around a crime-solving show.Emma long ago gave up dating, friends or any remnants of a social life. The boys' father bailed years ago, although he does appear late in the book.The book's title defines the problems, as well, for Theo, who is 15. He must abide by the house rules that make life run smoothly for Jacob. Making things go well for Jacob, however, comes at great cost to Theo. His much-delayed trip to the DMV for his learner's permit is still on hold; classmates heckle him over his special needs brother; he's endured injuries when the sound of crumpling paper or a change in Jacob's routine upsets him to the point of becoming violent. (Here is where the plot borrows heavily from ""My Sister's Keeper,"" where a younger sibling is held hostage to the needs of her older sister.)This time, though, Picoult puts Jacob at peril via a murder of an attractive young graduate student, Jess, who has been working as his tutor. At first, her boyfriend draws the attention of police, but quickly enough the focus swings to Jacob.And no wonder, because he has taken to showing up at crime scenes around town and fills dozens of notebooks with the plot and details of every episode of ""CrimeBusters."" He even stages murder crime scenes at home, which Emma has willingly gone along with ¡ª until he's arrested for Jess' murder.""It's been about a year since the original RIM BlackBerry Bold made its debut, and while it remains a very solid device, it's about time that a flashier, faster model took over the reigns. And that device would be the RIM BlackBerry Bold 9700. Not only is it T-Mobile's first 3G BlackBerry, but its sleeker design and performance enhancements make it a valuable addition to the carrier's lineup. The Bold also offers UMA support for Wi-Fi calls, a faster processor, and an updated OS. The only major downside of the smartphone, and one that plagues all BlackBerry devices, unfortunately, is the Web browser. It simply doesn't stand up to the competition in terms of ease of use or functionality. That said, if you're after a powerful messaging smartphone, the RIM BlackBerry Bold 9700 certainly has our vote of confidence. It offers more speed and features than T-Mobile's other BlackBerry offerings and gets the upper hand on the T-Mobile Dash 3G with its UMA support. As of press time, T-Mobile did not reveal a specific release date but said the Bold 9700 would be available in time for the holidays for $199.99 with a two-year contract.DesignThe RIM BlackBerry Bold 9700 looks nothing like its predecessor. Gone is the wide, masculine body, and in its place is a more svelte, compact smartphone that should fulfill RIM's hope of attracting both men and women, and consumers and professionals. At 4.29 inches tall by 2.36 inches wide by 0.56 inch thick and 4.3 ounces, the Bold 9700 is certainly more pocketable and is even smaller and lighter than the BlackBerry Tour. It feels solid in the hand and features a similar leatherette backing as the original Bold to give it a classy touch. In addition, the chrome edges and lines between the keyboard rows add to the handset's appeal.   Given the smaller size, you do lose a little bit in screen real estate. The Bold 9700 has a 2.44-inch display (compared with 2.75 inches) but its 480x360-pixel resolution at 245 pixels per inch certainly keeps things clear and sharp. It's the same as the Tour's, and while we did miss having the larger screen when viewing Web pages and videos, overall we had no complaints. Text was easy to read, and images looked crisp with vibrant colors. ""This should be a victory lap for Islands. After all, their uniformly excellent debut resuscitated Paul Simon's Graceland as an indie pop touchstone back when Vampire Weekend were still playing in the quad. And with that album's bouncy calypso rhythms and hip-hop bursts, Jaime Thompson and Nick Thorburn (previously known by their noms de rock J'aime Tambeur and Nick Diamonds), succeeded in laying to rest the ghost of their beloved former group, the Unicorns. Since then, they have honed their breezy, buoyant sound on the road, and, despite Thompson's departure from the lineup, the Montreal-based sextet seemed on the verge of a major breakthrough, as demonstrated by moving from tiny indie label Equator to Anti-, home of such classy ""career"" acts as Nick Cave and Billy Bragg. But Arm's Way, which does away with the musical levity and genre experimentations of Return to the Sea, is much darker and more conventional than its predecessor, and not, unfortunately, to its benefit.Islands' new obsession with darkness does, however, make sense. The throughline between all of Thorburn's records (with Islands and the Unicorns) is a lyrical obsession with death in all of its forms-- from the corporal (bones) to the metaphysical (ghosts)-- so it was only a matter of time until his band tried to match its outward sound to the inner themes. Gone are the guest rappers, the acoustic nuevo-country twang, and the sunny Afro-Caribbean flourishes (though there are still a few brief flashes of them, as on chugging rocker ""J'aime Vous Voire Quitter"", which, two minutes in, implodes into a Bahamian ""La Bamba"" breakdown). In their place are theatrical string arrangements, layers of silvery, minor-key guitars, and lots of gothy synthesizers.To be fair, almost any record would suffer by comparison to their breathless first one. These songs may be less immediately catchy, but all of them have a moment in which they break away from their straightforward guitar-rock underpinning and allow strange, spacious moments to burble up from within. On ""Creeper"", the most memorable sing-along here, it's when the stomping 80s guitar melody briefly gives way to off-kilter bursts of steel drum. On ""Abominable Snow"", a song which predates Return to the Sea, it's a winsome vocal interlude that's nestled before the final crashing chorus-- a breathy call-and-response waltz that's laid against elegant violin embellishments and delicate guitar pulses. ""while many teachers do not think about their high school days whilst teaching their students. I find myself constantly looking back at that 2 years of my life and wonder just what did I do? How did I feel at that time? Did the same thing happen to me? What are those students thinking? Can I get a clue from what I went through? I always end up feeling that somehow, i missed some experiences I should have had.I look into their earnest faces, their artlessness, their simpleness and I wonder if I still had that intact when I was their age. I doubt it. I¡¯m not saying they are angels. but their calculations, strategies are so transparent I always want to ask them who they are trying to fool. Except that it is just too amusing.I¡¯ve always felt that that 2 years of my life was pretty much wasted. beside the fact that I made a few friends I would keep for life, joined the drama club and made precious memories of becoming someone I just wasn¡¯t, and breaking out of my shell while in characterÿ i was always too self conscious to really enjoy school. tooÿ negativeÿ tooÿ non-chalentÿ too cynicalÿ too fatalistic. I never valued the activities there were. Even now, I probably think sports day was lame, national day with a march pass was lameÿ boys were lameÿI always felt that entering NUS was a kind of liberation from jc.Upon reflection, i think some of the factors that acted as barriers were1) the fear that I would not enter university after screwing my ¡®O¡¯s and entering CJC. I have to say that i had never (and probably will never) study as hard and memorise as many facts as I did for my ¡®A¡¯s. I studied and forgot about the experience2) lack of confidence. i assumed i was invisible and thus became invisible3) the idea that many of the things we had to do was lame (besides watching plays and studying literature)4) the idea that many things didn¡¯t matter in the larger scheme of life. I forgot how experiences could and will shape a person5) the lack of interest in almost everything6) the lack of many familiar faces around mei look at my students and find myself wishing i could go back to the time when I was 17. the time when I didn¡¯t know better, the age of wide-eyed innocence.Alas, the best we can do is to live in the present and live to the fullest to avoid making the same mistake. Carpe Diem.""The trend took off two years ago, when the Hankyu department store opened in Osaka, Japan, with its entire 16,000 square meters of floor space devoted to masculine products from shoes to cigars. Soon after, Louis Vuitton opened its first men-only store inside Hankyu, replete with leather furniture, pure wool carpet, and a goatskin rug. Around the same time, the British fashion queen Vivienne Westwood, who can spot a forward-looking trend seasons away, also opened her first store geared for men in Tokyo.Now others are catching on. On Feb. 9, Herm¨¨s will open its first men-only store on Madison Avenue in New York. Housed in a classic brownstone, the 817-square-meter interior will resemble a cross between a traditional tailor's shop and a gentlemen's club, reimagined with a contemporary vibe. The fourth floor, designed to evoke the feel of a private home, will be devoted to made-to-measure wear, including bespoke suits as well as special-order items like luggage. Meanwhile, a few blocks uptown, Ralph Lauren has announced plans to convert its landmark Rhinelander mansion into a shop for men only, a move that underscores the importance of the menswear market to the company.For all the talk of women's rising spending power, luxury brands seem to be courting the fashion-savvy male these days. ""Luxury fashion brands that have catered primarily to women see the menswear market as a growth opportunity in a low-growth market,"" says Milton Pedraza, CEO of the New York?based research firm the Luxury Institute. ""They have had some male offerings for some time and feel they can gain market share from weak competitors, primarily top Italian brands that cater to men only and whose tired and outdated brands currently attract primarily older men due to lack of great marketing and 'cool' factor.""In some cases the move to men-only stores follows a steady rise in menswear sales. Louis Vuitton, which recently opened a men-only boutique inside Harrods, has seen ""very strong growth"" in its menswear business, says Jean-Baptiste Debains, president of Louis Vuitton Asia Pacific. ""We want bigger and more differentiated places for menÿand I believe it is a trend that will spread."" The luxury giant's interest in creating different shopping atmospheres for men and women extends to existing equal-opportunity stores, which have made subtle changes to color and lighting schemes in the men's departments. ""We know that men don't necessarily have the same expectation and don't behave in the same way in stores,"" says Debains.""Now's as good a time as any to get started. Diverse, delicious and not as difficult to cook as you might think, Indian is among the leading cuisines of the world. With every state, city and even every home having its own recipes for thousands of dishes, you can imagine how the variety is absolutely mind-boggling!Contrary to popular belief, Indian food is not just about curry, chillies and oil! There is probably no other cuisine in the world that includes as many healthy and diverse vegetables and spices. At the same time, Indian cuisine is not just for vegetarians. If the worldwide popularity of Butter Chicken, Rogan Josh, Vindaloo and Fish Amritsari is anything to go by, Indians know a thing or two about pleasing the non-vegetarian palate!In India, cooking is considered an art and mothers usually begin to teach their daughters and pass down family recipes by show-and-tell, fairly young in life. As a matter of fact, food is very serious business. In most Indian homes, even in this day and age when most women work outside the home, if one is not cooking or eating a meal, one is planning what to cook next! Meals almost always include several dishes, dessert and a staple or two like rice and Chapatis.Over the course of history, various invaders have passed through India and left their stamp behind on its cuisine. There was Aryan, Persian, Arab, British and Portuguese to name just a few. The result is foods that are so delicious, some of them are legendary!Join me as we explore the delicious depths of Indian cuisine! Here are some resources to help you get started. """"I have to admit, when I first saw Handy Manny, I thought looked like a cross between Bob the Builder and Dora the Explorer. Handy Manny is a Playhouse Disney animated preschooler program about the title character Manny, a bilingual handy man, and his tool box full of talking tools including the humorously named Pat the Hammer, Turner the slotted screw driver and Squeeze the Pliers. The tools have various personalities that sometimes leads to problems in the toolbox, but they are soon sorted out as the tools learn various lessons about problem solving, teamwork, friendship and community.There are various other characters in the town who appear regularly throughout the show as well, such as Kelly who owns the Hardware Store and Mr Lopart in the Candy Store next door who always tries to fix things himself, usually with disastrous consequences.The ¡°Tooling Around¡± DVD has five episodes of approximately eleven minutes each: Squeeze¡¯s Day Off, Amigo Grande, A Sticky Fix, Pat The Screwdriver and Supremoguy. Manny and the tools attend to tasks from fixing broken trophies and steps to putting up a new flagpole and helping to build a new house ÿ and they even learn the value in having a rest and not working sometimes.The show is not overloaded with singing, but has a couple of songs repeated in each episode such as ¡°Hop Up Jump In¡± when the tools hop into the box on the way to a job, and ¡°We Work Together¡± while they are making .Handy Manny incorporates some basic Spanish, and sure, Spanish is not as culturally relevant here in Australia as it is in America, but like any kind of bilingual program, it¡¯s helpful for kids to learn how language works.The adults in our house find Handy Manny a nice little show without the annoying shouting, irritating constant repetition, and sometimes just plain old weirdness of some preschooler viewing. Manny¡¯s gentle accent is very easy to listen to, and every time I see Mr Lopart¡¯s cat with a comb over I giggle. If I judge preschooler television by my ability to be in the same room as the television while it is on, without actually wanting to throw something at the television, then Manny is a winner.The kids really enjoy watching Manny (even the ¡®big¡¯ school boy), and will grab the toy tool kit to play and sing along as they watch. And I can hope that they are absorbing some of the team work and problem solving lessons as they watch.I love the convenience of DVDs for trips, or for when there¡¯s nothing appropriate on television at the time, and Tooling Around is already on the favourites list in our house.""""Guys. I am off to Paris in an hour to launch 'Les Nuits aux Etoiles,"" which is the French translation of an early novel, 'Starry Nights'. The book is being published by France's most prestigious imprint, Actes Sud. And the event is being hosted by Yves Carcelle, who is the President of the LVMH Group. I am fortunate to have two such powerful brands for my French debut!!All set for the soiree . And all set to answer questions on the luscious Carla Bruni ....plus, anything else the press throws at me. Wish me luck!!****************This appeared in the Asian AgeDeccan Chronicle :Ji haan.What Soniaji wants, Soniaji gets! God is also great, ji! He likes Sonia. What a bhet! That too one day after International Women¡¯s Day. Am I thrilled to bits?? Nope. I have never been pro-reservations. And that cuts across the board. I don¡¯t believe in subsidies and quotas. But my far worthier sisters say, I am being silly about this. Super sensitive and even selfish. Theek hai. I guess we should be rejoicing, and eventually I too may get co-opted. But till such time, I¡¯m keeping the bubbly on hold. My biggest and main concern is that the bill does not remain a naam ke vaastey grand gesture, in the same tradition as our Jai jawan! Jai kisaan! programmes, which sounded terrific as slogans and won elections for the then leadersÿ. but left those poor jawaans and kisaans exactly where they wereÿwhere they still are.I am in distant Dubai, attending the Emirates Writers¡¯ Festival,and it seems slightly surrealistic to be talking about the women of India being on a collective high, especially to the ladies here, who look away uncomfortably and change the subject when the topic of womens¡¯ rights comes up. A lovely woman who has written her first book based on a true story of a thirteen year old local girl who¡¯d been married off to a much ,much older, much ,much married man, lowers her voice to confess, ¡° We have to be careful what we sayÿ and who we say it to. I would have preferred to write a stronger book, but I also knew it wouldn¡¯t get published.¡± A poet seated at the same table, nods his head sympathetically, but says nothing. His own poems on exile are filled with yearning for a different life. But even poets know when to hold their tongue.""Major Pettigrew dimly knows this woman as Mrs. Ali. She has been blending tea specially for him at the local convenience store. Since these two are not strangers, they cannot be experiencing love at first sight, even if discreet sparks fly between them. It¡¯s the reader who is apt to be susceptible: read this one page, and you may find you¡¯ve fallen head over heels for Ms. Simonson¡¯s funny, barbed, delightfully winsome storytelling. Don¡¯t say you weren¡¯t warned.That ¡°Major Pettigrew¡¯s Last Stand¡± opens at a moment of heartbreak has no sobering effect whatsoever. Grief is what it took to make the rigidly correct Major notice Mrs. Ali, or anything else around him. This 68-year-old widower, a man who has taken some of his greatest satisfaction in reading and rereading his will and is proud to grow a type of clematis vine that his neighbors think is worth stealing, has long been immune to human companionship. He has preferred a style of such extreme correctness and gimlet-eyed detachment that all it takes to give this book its comic perspective is to present his point of view.Set in the kind of tidy, bigoted backwater where Mrs. Ali is understood to be either Indian or Pakistani even though she has never been further abroad than the Isle of Wight, ¡°Major Pettigrew¡¯s Last Stand¡± sounds British to the bone. It isn¡¯t: Ms. Simonson was born in East Sussex but has spent two decades in the United States, a stint that has only heightened her ability to make jokes about American excesses as they are registered by Major Pettigrew. The book has a couple of broadly vulgar American characters, and they turn up in the Major¡¯s village in what he regards as disturbingly rapid succession. For him ¡°two Americans in as many weeks,¡± Ms. Simonson writes, was something ¡°approaching a nasty epidemic.¡±As the story hums along, it contrasts change for the better with change for the worse. In the first category there is the Major¡¯s extremely correct yet warm friendship with Mrs. Ali, who is 10 years his junior, is also conveniently widowed and shares many of the Major¡¯s tastes, including a love of reading. He is duly impressed to find her carrying plastic-covered library books. He¡¯s even happier when he learns that she shares his love of Kipling. In the second category is Roger, the Major¡¯s hilariously obnoxious son, a striver who lives in London and once suggested that the Major get rid of books to make room for an enormous television, so that he ¡°would have something to do in the evenings.¡± ""According to the 2009 Internet Auto Award from AutoScout24, Europe¡¯s favourite car is the Opel Insignia. We perhaps would have placed our bets on the Opel Astra, but clearly a sedan is still more popular than a hatchback.The trophy is known as the ¡®Carolina¡¯ and was accepted by the company at an awards ceremony in Munich. Carl-Peter Forster, chairman of the Supervisory Board of Adam Opel GmbH, said: ¡°This new award for the Insignia proves that our blend is right: sporty, elegant design combined with innovative technology. The new Opel philosophy also resonates with the customer.¡±Opel has already sold more than 150,000 Insignia in Europe, and the Astra is also a big-selling model for the company, taking up a third of its sales volume. It begs the question as to why General Motors really wants to sell the brand, and whether the sales success with this model design will continue with new owners. Opel Insignia OPC in the pics.""In her book editor days, Janet Hill Talbert edited books like Having It All?: Black Women and Success by Veronica Chambers, Gumbo: A Celebration of African American Writing edited by Marita Golden and E. Lynn Harris and Crowns: Portraits of Black Women in Church Hats by Michael Cunningham and Craig Marberry. She also sent one of the loveliest rejection letters I have ever received (""This is exactly the type of book that I would love to publish but...)  She even followed up with a phone call! She is a jewelry designer now and she has a new inspirational line of jewelry called On This Rock, inspired, as she puts it, by her love of words and The Word from the Bible.  The jewelry is made from sterling silver, brass, beach stones and other materials.  My favorites are the cuffs, especially the ones featuring ""The Lord's Prayer"" and Psalm 23.  Perhaps I will wear one of them for good luck the next time I send out a book proposal.  And say a prayer... I can hardly believe that Josie Natori almost opened a chain of McDonald's franchises instead of becoming a designer, but it's true.  Even after becoming the first female Vice President of Investment Banking at Merrill Lynch in the 1970s,  Josie was anxious to take on an entrepreneurial venture in the tradition of her grandmother, a venerable businesswoman in her own right. The result is Natori, her now 32-year-old success story.  The label began with lingerie and has since expanded into fragrance, home, eyewear and ready-to-wear. I was very excited meet Josie at her home to on Manhattan's Upper East Side, thrown by yet another entrepreneurial diva, The Creatrix of Purple Lab cosmetics, Karen Robinovitz.  The occasion was to introduce her new collection, Natori Essentials.   Social Media evangelist that I am, I was thrilled to see that Josie was so enthusiastic and interested in jumping into the new media world!  While her staff maintains @NatoriCompany, Josie maintains a blog, Josie's Thoughts, and tweets herself at @JosieNatori.  She even commandeered my BlackBerry so I could show her a few new tricks on Ubertwitter!  ""Anyone that¡¯s been in any branch of internet marketing such as Search, SEO, Social Media Marketing and the like will fully understand what I mean when I say that Google is always changing. The animal we seek to master is impossible to tame, if merely for the fact that the algorithm behind the Google search engine is never really still. Stable, arguably so, but the fact remains that engineer upon engineer, programmer after programmer are spending their time constantly tweaking the code and structure of Google, often leading to unexpected twists in the SEO trail.The point that I¡¯m getting at is that as a marketing expert, Search professional, or SEO company, one must be prepared to change with the times. Resistant to change some of us may well be, but change we must, if we are to survive. Of course, some changes are easier to accommodate for than others, some are small, some are large, the difficulty to change with the times sometimes ? but not always ? scales with the size of the change.However, once in a while comes a change that is just incredibly awkward to deal with. A change that is so downright frustrating that it makes you wonder why you ever got into this business. A change like that has happened in recent days and continues to still happen. That change is typically referred to as ¡°personalised search¡±, the process via which a Google search can become ¡°personalised¡± or ¡°unique¡± for a given user, particularly when logged in to one¡¯s own Gmail/Google account.It works by giving alarming priority to popular branded sites (presumably ones that Google thinks has a high amount of ¡°trust¡± built up) and pushes these to the top of related search results, so you end up being more likely to find these branded sites in a better position than other, smaller, ¡°less trusted¡± websites. This also has a literal knock-on effect of pushing the websites that were previously ranking well for related keywords (the smaller sites) out of the way entirely, as they¡¯re moved to one side to make room for the ¡°big ones¡±. From an SEO point of view, I¡¯m sure you can understand the frustration here.""One day, I decided to make some cake. As I was making a small cake, I had lots of leftover batter, and decided that I would make heart shaped cupcakes. I greased the bottom of the heart-shaped cupcake pan with margarine, and poured in the batter. Turns out I didn't have as much extra batter as I thought, so the last row of four in the pan was left empty. I didn't think much of it, and put it into the oven.After cooking for a short while, I came back to see smoke had lightly filled the room, just enough that the room seemed blurry. I opened the oven in panic to see that the cupcakes were not even close to being finished, but the margarine in the empty row has sizzled and was now being to steam and burn. I took the pan out and wiped the row as best as I could and put it back into the oven so the cupcakes could finish.The butter continued to smoke, but it wasn't catching fire, and wasn't harming anything so I simply let it be but kept a careful eye on it.I set off the fire alarm twice and had to bring in a fan and open the door so the thin layer of smoke wouldn't set it off again. Even a couple hours later when my mother came home, she commented on how the air seemed foggy.""A lot of wine lovers fantasize about someday becoming winemakers, but I can tell you honestly that I¡¯m not one of them.  Although I do love to spend time walking amongst the vines, sampling wines, and trying to imagine how they might evolve down the road, there are far too many aspects of the job that would make me crazy. First, there¡¯s all that cleaning.  Ask any winemaker, and he or she will tell you that much of the job -- way more than you¡¯d think -- involves the constant hosing down or otherwise sanitizing of tanks, barrels, equipment, floors, etc.  And then there¡¯s that whole chemistry/science aspect. If you really want to get a feel for the sort of work winemakers get up to on a day-to-day basis, get your hands on a copy of Vineyard & Winery Management magazine and check out Tom Payette¡¯s ¡°Wine Tech¡± column.  In his May/June column, Tom -- a Virginia-based winemaker and consultant -- details the steps for testing for and correcting pH levels in wine.  The process takes place not in a picturesque wine cellar, but a sterile laboratory setting, and requires all manner of scientific equipment and painstaking precision.  Every time I read one of Tom¡¯s articles, I say to myself:  Man, I¡¯m glad I¡¯m not a winemaker.Just thinking about all the variables that winemakers face from the vineyard to the bottle makes my head spin.  They have a multitude of options to consider in terms of clones, yeasts, winemaking equipment, cellar practices, barrels, toast levels, and on and on.  Deciding on the right combination usually involves years of experimentation -- and I just don¡¯t have that kind of patience. I was reminded of this recently, while having lunch with two terrific winemakers from Duckhorn Wine Company¡¯s Anderson-Valley-based operations: Neil Bernardi of Migration and Zach Rasmuson of Goldeneye winery.  (Migration was originally a part of Goldeneye, but it became a stand-alone brand in 2009.)  The occasion for our meeting was the launch of the first Chardonnay in Duckhorn Wine Co.¡¯s 30-year history:  The 2008 Migration.  While we munched and tasted, Bernardi and Rasmuson talked about the process of creating this new wine. Duckhorn first set out to make Chardonnay in the late 1990s when the company founded Goldeneye, which was intended to be a Burgundy-style winery focusing on Pinot Noir and Chardonnay.  With this in mind, they planted three small blocks of Chardonnay on the Anderson Valley estate. ¡°We experimented with Chardonnay for quite a few vintages, working on winemaking technique and thinking critically about what kind of wine we wanted to make,¡± Bernardi recalls.  ¡°After years of making wine from these specific blocks, we felt that the wines were very good, but a little less distinctive, and not exactly in the style we had hoped.¡± The Goldeneye team grafted its estate Chardonnay over to Pinot Noir in 2006, but kept up its search for great Chardonnay fruit in Anderson Valley.  But still, the style they were after eluded them.  ¡°Meanwhile, Migration Pinot Noir was distinguishing itself stylistically as being bright, elegant and acid-driven,¡± Bernardi says, ¡°a style that very much mirrored what we wanted to achieve with Chardonnay.¡± The company eventually took its search for the ideal fruit beyond Anderson Valley, and discovered that Russian River Valley grapes -- particularly from Dutton Ranch in Sebastopol -- fit the Migration profile.  This happened more than a decade after the company first set out to make Chardonnay -- and finding the right grapes was only the beginning. ¡°Because we barrel ferment almost all of our wines, it provides an incredible opportunity to look at many variables,¡± Bernardi explains.  ¡°For example, in 2008 and 2009, we looked at native vs. inoculated yeast (10 different strains), fermentation style (tank vs. barrel), malolactic fermentation (ML) vs. non-ML, various ML bacteria strains, cooperage (stainless steel vs. new wood from eight coopers vs. neutral wood), and stirring regime.¡± The research process took two years to complete.""CBC had a 2 pt lead with 14.2 seconds left in the game. Ryan was fouled on a defensive rebound. Double bonus for CBC. Made the first one and Oakville called a time out. Missed the second one and Oakville's Josh Noblitt came down and hit a killer 3 to tie the game and send it into overtime. He was 6/8 from 3 pt land in the game. A Columbia Tribune reported captured the final 14 seconds of the 4th quarter on video. Ouch.CBC was cold from the field all night. 3/17 from 3 pt land. From my point of view, it seemed like they struggled to play as a team down the stretch when the pressure was on. Maybe the credit should go to Oakville for playing great defense. They had a plan and worked it to perfection--keeping the game close and hitting shots when it counted. Ryan had 15 rebounds but only 7 points. And he missed a key free throw at the end of regulation. His teammate Seth Jackson had 15 points, but was also called for at least 2 player control fouls in the second half. Scored on both attempts, but the baskets did not count. Point guard Cory McArthy only had 3 points and was 1/9 from 3 pt land (1/11 FGA/FG).So now CBC plays for 3rd place today at 1:40. I hope the kids can pick themselves up and go out on a positive note. They had a great season and got to a point no one really thought they could get to. But there is one thing that is interesting about their team (and other teams in this era)--and this is purely my opinion. Now, you'll have to know that I was a 2-guard and small forward who prided herself on passing the ball to my team's All-American forward. I used to hold the school record for single-season assists because I had to play smart. I couldn't out-run or out-jump anyone. I wasn't a scoring machine and knew it. And I didn't have that crazy 3 pt line to play with my mind. We were a small team and had to rely on a match-up zone on defense and solid fundamental offense to score.""Liberals keep complaining that Republicans don't have a plan for reforming health care in America. I have a plan!It's a one-page bill creating a free market in health insurance. Let's all pause here for a moment so liberals can Google the term ""free market.""Nearly every problem with health care in this country -- apart from trial lawyers and out-of-date magazines in doctors' waiting rooms -- would be solved by my plan.In the first sentence, Congress will amend the McCarran-Ferguson Act to allow interstate competition in health insurance.We can't have a free market in health insurance until Congress eliminates the antitrust exemption protecting health insurance companies from competition. If Democrats really wanted to punish insurance companies, which they manifestly do not, they'd make insurers compete.The very next sentence of my bill provides that the exclusive regulator of insurance companies will be the state where the company's home office is. Every insurance company in the country would incorporate in the state with the fewest government mandates, just as most corporations are based in Delaware today.That's the only way to bypass idiotic state mandates, requiring all insurance plans offered in the state to cover, for example, the Zone Diet, sex-change operations, and whatever it is that poor Heidi Montag has done to herself this week.President Obama says we need national health care because Natoma Canfield of Ohio had to drop her insurance when she couldn't afford the $6,700 premiums, and now she's got cancer.Much as I admire Obama's use of terminally ill human beings as political props, let me point out here that perhaps Natoma could have afforded insurance had she not been required by Ohio's state insurance mandates to purchase a plan that covers infertility treatments and unlimited ob/gyn visits, among other things.""Touch-screen technology has become wildly popular, thanks to smart phones designed for nimble fingers. But most touch screens have a major drawback: you need to keep a close eye on the screen as you tap, to make sure that you hit the right virtual buttons. As touch screens become more popular in other contexts, such as in-car navigation and entertainment systems, this lack of sensory feedback could become a dangerous distraction. Now researchers at Carnegie Mellon University have developed buttons that pop out from a touch-screen surface. The design retains the dynamic display capabilities of a normal touch screen but can also produce tactile buttons for certain functions.Graduate student Chris Harrison and computer-science professor Scott Hudson have built a handful of proof-of-concept displays with the morphing buttons. The screens are covered in semitransparent latex, which sits on top of an acrylic plate with shaped holes and an air chamber connected to a pump. When the pump is off, the screen is flat; when it's switched on, the latex forms concave or convex features around the cutouts, depending on negative or positive pressure.To illuminate the screens and give them multitouch capabilities, the researchers use projectors, infrared light, and cameras positioned below the surface. The projectors cast images onto the screens while the cameras sense infrared light scattered by fingers at the surface.The idea of physically dynamic interfaces isn't new, and in recent years, researchers have explored using screens made from polymers that can alter their shape when exposed to heat, light, and changes in a magnetic field. However, these materials are still experimental and relatively expensive to make. ""Her radiant, larger-than-life image is everywhere: on snow-fringed billboards in Stockholm's chic shopping district, on stately buildings in the capital's picturesque Old Town, on the side of city buses. Ebba von Sydow, 25, is Sweden's current it girl: the face of Swedish fashion brand MQ's antismoking campaign and editor-in-chief of the nation's largest magazine for young women, Vecko Revyn (""Weekly Review""). ""Every girl in Sweden wants to be Ebba,"" says a 28-year-old female office worker from Stockholm. ""She is the woman with everything ¡ª success, power, brains, and beauty.""In other words, Ebba is the perfect example of what the latest research shows: that Sweden is a country in which women truly thrive. In fact, a 2005 report by the World Economic Forum found this Scandinavian nation to be the world's ""most advanced country"" for women, with greater levels of equality, power, health, and well-being among women than anywhere else. (The survey ranked the U.S. an abysmal 17th place ¡ª one above Costa Rica.)Relaxing with coworkers at an exclusive spa to celebrate her 25th birthday, Ebba sips champagne while explaining that Sweden's pro-female culture has helped her achieve her dreams. ""I have a fantastic life and a job I love. Women here are judged on their talents, not their gender,"" she says. ""If you're good at what you do, you can get to the top very fast.""Sweden, which has a population of 9 million ¡ª around the same as the state of New Jersey ¡ª has a long history of female-friendly policies. The government gave women equal rights to inherit property way back in 1845; in 1901, it introduced the world's first formalized maternity-leave program. In 1958, the Swedish Lutheran church changed its doctrine to permit women to become priests. And today, female politicians make up around half of the Swedish parliament.The goal of equality starts young: ""Anti-Sexism Awareness Training"" begins in kindergarten, where male toddlers are encouraged to play with dolls, and females with toy tractors. In school, classes in cooking, sewing, metalworking, and woodworking are compulsory for both sexes. All education, including college, is free, and girls routinely outperform boys; in 2005, women made up more than 60 percent of all Swedish college students. All this adds up to more flexible gender roles later: As one Swedish website puts it, ""In our country, women drive the buses and men push the baby buggies.""1 of 51 2 3 4 5Next ?"Do you use Google Calendar? If you do, and if you share your calendar with friends, family, and colleagues to make scheduling group activities easier, you should check out the new Labs feature that launched today. It¡¯s called ¡°Smart Rescheduler.¡± Say you set up a dinner outing with your entire gang and your brother¡¯s family. It was a lot of work finding a time when everyone could fit it in. And then, after you think it¡¯s all set and on everyone¡¯s calendar, your brother remembers he has tickets to a basketball game that night. Grrrr. Back to the drawing room. And naturally, it falls to you to figure out a new time. Just click the tool (after you install it; below) on the right side of your calendar and it searches everyone¡¯s calendars for the next time that works for everyone. You can even specify the date range and times of day you want it to consider so you don¡¯t end up eating dinner together at 2am. Pretty cool. How do you get it? Along with a lot of other experimental add-ons for Google Calendar, it is in Google Labs. As you can see from the screen shot above of the gadgets in my calendar, I also use the ¡°Jump to date¡± and ¡°World clock¡± gadgets. I can¡¯t tell you how often that World Clock has saved me from embarrassing scheduling mistakes."Happy Friday and welcome to another Essential Tools feature. This week we have programmer turned affiliate marketer Eric Nagel in the spotlight. Eric is an  Yellow Pad of Paper & a Pen ? after researching, using, and rejecting many ¡°to-do¡± applications, methods, etc. I¡¯ve gone back to a yellow pad of paper & a pen. Each day, I write down what I need to get done that day, and go through my list. I have ¡°daily¡± tasks (like checking stats, updating sites, etc), then there¡¯s things I want to get done that day, and finally my big picture tasks, which may take a couple days to finish or weeks out before I start them. However, writing them down daily (I use a fresh sheet each day) allows me to reevaluate their priority in my list. When I work on a task, I try to focus on that one task ? if something else comes up, I write it down, but keep working on the original task. This keeps me on track, and allows me to get a lot done in a day. (From Char ? I have finally found an online app that rivals my pen & paper ? TeuxDeux ? worth looking at)APIs - automation has saved me. Without automating as much as I currently do, I¡¯d need 28 hours in a day to keep up with the various projects I¡¯m working on. Spending 2 hours automating a 5 minute daily task will pay off in just 3 weeks! Invest in automating tedious activities, and you¡¯ll find more time to work on new projects.APIs are entry-ways to the data or processes that need to be done. One of my sites had 8 Google AdGroups that I was manually entering the cost data from into a spreadsheet daily. Then, I¡¯d enter the revenue from CJ and ShareASale. Now, the same project has nearly 280 AdGroups, and the cost, revenue and profit are all automatically pulled into my database each day. Checking the profit (or loss) on each AdGroup now takes 10 seconds. In addition, as merchants are deactivated, the AdGroups are automatically paused, not only saving me time, but also money.Palm Pre ? even though I don¡¯t leave the house much, when I am out, my Palm Pre keeps me connected. I previously had a Motorola Q, and the Pre is such a huge step up. I keep up on my email, Twitter, can take quality photosÿ it¡¯s an amazing device, and I¡¯m glad I went this route versus a BlackBerry.Skype sits in-between a telephone and instant messenger and has lately become an important tool that I use daily. While I still IM via AIM and have a phone line in my office, Skype allows others to see if I¡¯m available, send me an IM first, then quickly initiate a call to take care of business. In addition, being able to talk to an affiliate manager and conferencing in the merchant is invaluable.affiliate marketer specializing in PPC and SEO. What this means is he does Internet marketing for other companies, and makes money when they make money. Eric also shares in depth how tos and tips on affiliate marketing on his blog ? a recent series on How to Build a Datafeed Site is just one example.Eric¡¯s essential tools ? in his own words, of course:""Just try to mess with Jessica Simpson.After the ribbing she has taken in the past year, chances are you won't get very far.She has been called fat, lonely, you name it ¡ª yet she's about to open herself up to the public again, despite what criticism it may invite.""Right now I'm so numb to it I wouldn't take offense,"" says Simpson, who takes viewers on a journey of personal discovery through her VH1 show, The Price of Beauty (premieres tonight at 10 p.m. ET/PT). ""I've allowed my life to be public, and that is my responsibility. I can't expect people to not have opinions on how you live your life.""Simpson, 29, who launched a singing career as a teen and rose to fame through her hit MTV reality show Newlyweds, has been a tabloid fixture ¡ª one that has only escalated since her divorce from Nick Lachey in 2006.In the past year, Simpson has come under scrutiny for her love life, including a high-profile breakup with Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo, and she has been criticized about her weight and appearance .""At the time I just didn't talk about it at all. I just didn't want to give it any attention,"" Simpson says. ""I thought the best way to do it was to discover beauty by myself. I think the world kind of gave me this favor. I don't think I would have been as receptive to the idea of this show until now.""In Beauty, Simpson sets out with longtime friends Cacee Cobb and Ken Paves¡ª who doubles as her hairstylist ¡ª and travels around the world (""And I wear really great shoes,"" she jokes) to learn about the lengths women will go to to feel beautiful. A trip to Thailand examined women who wanted to lighten their skin color, and a visit to Uganda explored a tribal ritual of pre-wedding weight gain. ""Can you imagine?"" Simpson says. ""It's amazing. Men want their women to be fat because their prized possession is their cow.""Simpson says the timing for the show was just right. ""I did hear the concept (for the show), and at the time I was really struggling and I was like, 'Is this (my weight) ever going to stop selling magazines? Why is my weight such an issue, especially when it's probably five pounds?' """"It's so trying, because daily women are obsessed with the way that they look and what they see when they look in the mirror,"" Simpson says. ""A majority of women who would have gone through what I went through this year ... being a public embarrassment, I don't think they could have handled it. I was on tour (with Rascal Flatts), and I had to get up on stage every night and just know that people were looking to see whether I was fat or not. You walk by 10 magazine covers and it's you and these stupid jeans."""So far, like this year's basketball tournament, we've had our share of upsets.  For those of you who don't follow basketball, although the upsets are usually the BEST PART of the tournament, the first round of both March Madness and Fug Madness are designed so that the number one seeds (in basketball, these are the best teams; at GFY, it's most fugly celebs) have an easy couple of games and don't meet their biggest competition until later on, with the hope that the FINAL game will pit the two very best (fugliest) in one final head-to-head. That's why someone like Mischa gets someone like Camilla Belle in her first game. It's almost like a gimme for the one seed...but sometimes, the underdog comes from behind and when that happens, it's AWESOME.  What will today bring? We'll soon find out. But until then, a brief teaser for the Fug Match-Ups you'll see on Monday: Well, this ought to be interesting: the wackily-attired socialite versus the barely-attired "actress." Place your bets now, but I think this one could go down to the wire. In the first round, Fab blew through Carrie Underwood like she was the favorite and not Carrie -- we like that kind of confidence from a bizarrely-garbed random -- and Pammy spanked Drew Barrymore, despite the fact that Drew looked like a lunatic most of next year, what with the heinous leggings and the two-tone hair. What happens when two spoilers go up against each other? We're about to find out. I'm super excited to see how this one shakes out. Both ladies handily dispatched their round one opponents -- Rumer Willis and Nicole Kidman, respectively. Both are musicians prone to wearing SUPER CRAZY costumes and neither has ever met a headdress she didn't immediately put on and wear out. Could Juliette take down Katy? Stranger things have happened."Comprehensive health care reform will cost the federal government $940 billion over a ten-year period, but will increase revenue and cut other costs by a greater amount, leading to a reduction of $138 billion in the federal deficit over the same period, according to an analysis by the Congressional Budget Office, a Democratic source tells HuffPost. It will cut the deficit by $1.2 trillion over the second ten year period.The source said it also extends Medicare¡¯s solvency by at least nine years and reduces the rate of its growth by 1.4 percent, while closing the doughnut hole for seniors, meaning there will no longer be a gap in coverage of medication. The CBO also estimated it would extend coverage to 32 million additional people.The CBO score is the last piece House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) was waiting on before putting the puzzle together on the House floor. A contingent of Blue Dogs has been holding out support, insisting that the bill be fully paid for and not increase the deficit. The numbers give a major boost to Pelosi and her leadership team, which can now begin the whip count in earnest and can specifically point to the cost savings.With the CBO score released, the Democratic whip team has a specific, thoroughly-analyzed bill to show to undeclared members who can no longer claim they are ¡°waiting to see the language.¡± Pelosi has very little room for error and needs to move nearly every undecided voter to a solid ¡°yes.¡±Since the House last passed legislation in November, three Democrats who opposed it ¡ª John Tanner and Bart Gordon of Tennessee and Brian Baird of Washington ¡ª have announced their retirements, relieving them of some political pressure to oppose the bill. Pelosi may end up drawing on those exiting members for a cushion of support.""Next week begins the 2010 Human Capital Summit in Arizona; here's sneak peek at some of the things I'm most looking forward to!  Remember, Joy, Amy and I will be live blogging (www.hci.org) throughout the event for all members who can't join us in-person.Also, as an industry first we are providing our keynote presentations globally via video webcast for you to access live. While there is no substitute for the networking and peer to peer collaboration that happens at live events, budgets are tight and travel has been reduced fore many. Register here!Monday will be the kick off, with welcome remarks by Michael Foster, Chairman and CEO, Human Capital Institute and  Michael Gregoire, Chairman and CEO, Taleo.  Next up we can't wait to hear from Geoff Colvin, author of Talent is Overrated, as he discusses ""The Upside of the Downturn"".  The session view is that top performing leaders reject the common view that slashing costs and firing employees are all that matter in tough times. They see downturns as rich opportunities to reinvent their organization and lay the groundwork for future growth. What a way to kick off the Summit!I'm also really interested in the next two speakers, Blake Mycoskie, CEO, TOMS Shoes and Jim Carroll, International Futurist, Trends & Innovation Expert, Author of Surviving the Information Age.  Their sessions are titled The New Rules for Tomorrow's Business: Moving Towards Passion vs. Payoff and 7 Things You Need To Do Right Now: Aligning the Fast Future to Your Current Strategy .  I like that all of these sessions have a great ""forward moving"" feel-- let's get past the downturn and look at what human capital can be doing to build for a great tomorrow.I'm going to stop there on discussing sessions because there are over 50 great meetings and you can read about them right after they happen in my blog. Looking forward as well to lots of time to network and reconnect with HCI members-- and of course for the Around the World Wine and Tequila Tasting.See you in Arizona!"If you have a smart phone, chances are good that you add to its functionality pretty often by downloading new software apps. But updating the computer systems built into your car usually requires a long visit to the dealership, where company technicians install new software using special interfaces. Ford has begun changing that paradigm with its Sync and MyFord Touch systems, and by opening the Sync programming interfaces to mobile app developers. In January, Ford, Pandora, Stitcher, and Orangatame debuted Sync-enabled software that allow drivers to use the car's voice-recognition and speech-synthesis systems to interact with Internet-based streaming radio and Twitter apps running on the driver's phone. Now Ford is looking to do much more than simply create in-car versions of existing smart phone applications. With the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, and Microsoft, Ford is providing expertise for a computer science and engineering course called "Cloud Computing in the Commute." Students in the class will work in small teams to design, build, and demonstrate automotive telematics applications. "The services you care about when you're driving are different from those you use when you're walking around with your phone," says T.J. Giuli, a software engineer in Ford's Infotronics Research and Advanced Engineering division, who is co-teaching the class with Michigan professors Brian Noble and Jason Flinn. The software development platform for the class is based on Microsoft's Windows 7 and Robotics Developer Studio and will provide access to vehicle performance data, networking services, voice recognition, text-to-speech, and Internet services such as social networking platforms, as well as to the Windows Azure cloud computing environment."You may have seen another of my posts and noticed that I make ethic dishes that take a lot of work.  I'm fascinated by foods that people feel passionate about.  I don't mind taking the time and effort to learn to make them.  I also happen to be shamelessly nerdy!Last week I made sushi.  I had a large bag of glutinous rice, ingredients for california roll, smoked salmon, cream cheese, and jalapenos.  I sliced and slivered according to the diagrams in my sushi cookbooks and even made two types of spicy mayonnaise for dipping sauce.Then, I cooked the rice. I followed the package directions.  I timed, I seasoned with spiced vinegar, I cooked, I fanned. I failed.  It was too moist, tasted metallic and stuck to my teeth.  I dumped it in the trash can, muttering to myself.I tried again, this time steaming the rice longer.  Again with the timer, the vinegar, the fan, and still, no good.  It looked fine, but it was still raw.  I hated dumping it yet again, and I felt a little crazy as I shoveled it into the bin.I went to You Tube for video support.  I watched four videos, viewing four entirely unique procedures: rice cooker, no cooker, fanning, no fanning.  However, they all washed the rice many times before cooking it, which my instructions had listed as an optional step.  I started over.  I rinsed the rice eight times, until it no longer yielded the cloud of starch in the wash water.  I left it to drain the recommended 10 minutes, and proceeded as before.  This time I  let the rice boil for a few minutes before turning down the heat for the steaming phase, and I left the rice to steam an extra five minutes to make sure it absorbed all the water.  I seasoned it, and fanned it, and it WORKED!  It tasted good, and had a nice texture, with a pearly shine on the grains.I wish I could tell you the assembly process was elegant and neat.  I had the rolling technique in my head, but not my hands.  I did manage to get the rolls to hold together firmly, but the fillings were not centered.  Once sliced, they resembled colorful 'googly' eyes on the plate. Sticky rice adorned every surface of the kitchen, my clothing, and my hands, but I had five rolls of handcrafted sushi to show for it.  My feet and back ached, but I was so satisfied.We ate the crooked sushi like hungry little piggies.  It was tasty, with the rich flavors of the soy sauce, wasabi, and chipotle mayo dipping sauces.  The frustration of the past three hours smoothed away in the fresh and creamy avocado, cucumber, and salmon bliss.""Today it is the first day of spring, and for those of us in the northern hemisphere, it is the season of renewal. (For those of you in the southern hemisphere, please humor me and think back to a few months ago. ;) ) Few things make me feel as alive as when I see the first sprouts of green grass, fresh leaves, and colorful flowers taking place of the lifeless landscape that¡¯s dominated for the last six months. Never mind that it¡¯s not even 30 degrees where I live today (thanks, Arctic chill that blew in yesterday). Even in my frigid corner of the world, the snow is melting and the days are warmer; we¡¯re expecting a high of 54 tomorrow, so I¡¯m not completely living in a fantasy. Surviving yet another wretched winter gives me hope, and in celebration, I make a list of at least five things I want to accomplish during the spring season each year. This helps me feel like I¡¯m kicking ass and making the most of my favorite months of the year. Here¡¯s my list for spring 2010:   1. Survive Latin 1020, by far the hardest class I have taken and must pass in order to graduate this summer. It hasn¡¯t been easy, but I¡¯m hanging in there, and I¡¯m writing this here as a reminder of how important it is that I keep working hard until the very end.   2. Upon passing Latin 1020, my next goal is graduating this summer! Even though I technically won¡¯t finish until the end of summer semester, I still get to walk in the ceremony this May. I¡¯m stoked.   3. Before my family comes to see me walk, I will give my house a thorough spring cleaning. Since school started, I have only been doing the housework that¡¯s been absolutely necessary. I¡¯d rather not have them all think that we¡¯ve been living like slobs since we¡¯ve moved hereÿeven if that really is the truth. :P   4. I will listen to music, take photographs, write, and satiate my creative drive by making time for even the smallest of things that will inspire me every day. Carpe diem.   5. I will consume fewer aspartame-laden drinks and, darn it, drink WATER instead! I have difficulty with this, despite my hunch that aspartame is what has been killing off my short-term memory in the nine years I have been drinking it.""If you¡¯re showcasing a product on your website or in a print ad, you can make it look more professional by giving it a decent background and by adding a few special effects.For my ¡°product,¡± I¡¯m using a photograph of a non-descript media player which I downloaded for free, here from Stock Xchng. Thanks to Pzado. 1. Create a new Photoshop document. For this example, set it to 800 x 600 pixels with a resolution of 72ppi.2. Fill the entire document with black by pressing D to set the Foreground color to black and then pressing Alt + Backspace (windows) or Option + Delete (Mac). 3. Select the Elliptical Marquee tool from the toolbar and draw out a circular marquee. Hold down Shift to constrain it to a perfect circle as you drag. Fill the circle with white. Press Ctrl + D (windows) or Cmd + D (Mac) to deselect the circle. 15. Now to make the reflection fade away a little more authentically, we¡¯ll add a layer mask. Make sure your reflected layer is selected in the layers palette, then click on the Add Layer Mask icon at the bottom of the Layers palette. A white thumbnail appears on the layer. Click on the thumbnail to select it. Now select the Gradient tool and choose a Foreground to Background gradient."About 6 months ago, I had a severe acute asthma attack and was hospitalised for 10 days, requiring IV theophylline and oral steroids. I was on steroids for about six weeks, at about 40mg a day. Before I went into hospital, I was 10 stone 6lbs but after, was 12 stone!!!! (I am 5ft 8). My exercise levels dipped for a few mnths - it took ages to get back on track. Prior to the attack, I was walking abt 12000 steps a day & doing some exercise (about 3 x 30 mins a wk). I am not a big fan of running or heavy cardio, as it makes me breathless which can make me panic. I walk briskly (4 - 4.5 mph). Currently I'm also hoola hooping about 4 times a week for 30 - 45 mins with a DVD which really causes me to sweat! However, the weight loss is SLOW. I only started seriously in Jan and now go up and down between 11st 4 and 11st 6. I am SO careful with what I eat - lots of wholegrains, fruit and veg, lower fat meat etc but it just won't shift. It is making me miserable. Help please! PS yes, I probably did eat more than usual (increased appetite is a side effect of oral steroids) and as I've said, I also reduced my regular exercise as I was unwell. Calories in up, calories out down = weight gain. I'm not stupid. I'm not interested in discussing HOW I gained the weight, I'm interested in HOW I can get rid of it, given that I now walk 3 - 4 miles a day and eat 1500 calories a day? Also, to be fair, as I slept for most of the time I was off ill, I can't see how I would have gained 21 - 22lbs in six weeks as this would entail increased consumption of 1833 calories a day in addition to what I needed anyway?Well, since I last wrote, I've been to Starkville MS and Auburn Alabama for two UGA women's basketball games. Unfortunately we lost both of them, but after returning late last night from one of the games, I don't want to talk about it! We will definitely have better days! When I went to Auburn, we went on a bus trip with other booster club members. This is usually fun and I won't say it wasn't fun -- i just didn't enjoy it as much and not because we lost. My intention was to get there early enough to get in the front or the back of the bus because of the noise. I knew that if I was sitting in the middle that I would be bombarded by noise coming at me from all angles. Well, my best laid plans as they say didn't work out. I was right in the middle. I did have my earplugs which were a godsend, but I was still not comfortable and was only hoping the bus driver would go faster and faster to get there. We stopped for lunch and I chose not to eat in the restaurant because it was too noisy so I got a little break from it. Coming back wasn't as bad, because we were coming back late and because the crowd was a little more subdued because we lost. I'm not sure if I'll be doing that trip again. Next Monday -- we are off to the capitol in Atlanta for Alzheimer's Awareness Day. Hopefully we will have a good turnout.Some people are so afraid of legalism that they would simply throw up their hands in disgust at this entire post. Others will no doubt quote the Scripture about "physical exercise profiting little" as a rebuke to me, suggesting that it would be far more godly for me to be a couch potato and do little or nothing to prevent/forestall my genetic ticking time bomb of diabetes, heart disease, cancer, obesity, and osteoporosis. But I am too grateful for the gift God has entrusted in my care: my physical body. Oh, it's quite plain, boring and used up by contemporary standards, but it has been a blessing to me. It has borne six children. It is the tool I use to enable me to serve God in my daily life. Why should I not take care of it as my way of thanking God? Why should I not be a good steward of my health? Besides, the Bible is clear that gluttony is a sin, modern ideas to the contrary. Binge eating is not cool. Eating like a pig is not a sign of healthy masculinity. Pretending it's more gluttonous to be health-conscious and watch what one eats than it is to eat everything in sight is...plain goofy. Being overweight or obese is not a sin. But the way that most of us get there is. Yes, there are some people who will always be "overweight" though fit and healthy. But obesity is a different matter. Yes, in a few cases, there are medical conditions that prevent a person from losing weight, no matter how hard they work out or how carefully they eat. But that is far from common. There has been a big brouhaha over on the Bayly Blog about obesity. I know one of the parties that has weighed in. (Haha...poor attempt at humor there.) I think it's interesting that some people are so afraid to admit that, in most cases, obesity is easily preventable and is caused directly by two things: eating too much and not moving enough. But I guess it's horribly judgmental to say that. Horribly judgmental to think that men who show off how fat they are maybe, just maybe should be ashamed rather than proud...not necessarily ashamed for being fat, but for what they almost certainly had to do (eat too much and work too little) to get that way. I thought it would be appropriate to share with you an excerpt from my book, Safe At Home, about playoff baseball. So enjoy! And Go Blue! What I've learned about the playoffs and the Word Series is to be very, very excited. But not too excited. It's not that I don't appreciate the postseason. I do. And it's not that I don't recognize the majesty of St. Louis Cardinal Jack Clark taking Tom Niedenfuer deep in Game 6 of the 1985 National League Championship Series. And it's not that I don't long to see the Dodgers win a World Series again. But the truth is, part of who wins that classic matchup is based on the same factors as who wins a regular-season game -- skill, smart managing, the ability to bounce back, and luck. That's what makes the game great. Still the notion that postseason games are somehow more important, or more pressure-packed, or more, I don't know, special than a contest in the middle of May, or July, or even April, obscures a larger truth, which is this: Every game is special, and it's how a player performs in each game, and in every game, that determines his success, not how he plays in one series. For years, I had pretty limited postseason experience (quite limited actually), but like so many fans before me, I learned the risks of postseason exuberance the hard way in the fall of 2008. I found myself an adult in a whole new baseball situation as I watched my Dodgers win a postseason series and move on to the NLCS. We hadn't won a postseason series since 1988, when I was just fifteen, but I had always appreciated postseason ball. It was fun to watch the games of the fall even if my heart wasn't emotionally invested in the teams that were playing. I could really just sit back and appreciate the fundamentals at their best. Last fall proved different. I wasn't just invested in who won, I was all in. I sat in my seat with a white-knuckled, sweaty-palmed death grip on whatever I was holding at the time. Every pitch meant something. Every out. Every managerial move. Every call by the ump. The fans were alive. They stood when there were two outs and two strikes, waving those rally towels as if they possessed magical powers to make the batter strike out. "Throw him the chair!" my brother screamed. Translation: "Sit him down." As you might expect, losing to the Phillies in the NLCS last year was devastating. My brother and I were inconsolable. As lame as it might sound, a little piece of my heart broke that night. An even bigger piece of my brother's heart broke that night. The game that we were eliminated in was at Dodger Stadium, and we stayed for about an hour after the last out. In that hour, players came out for curtain calls and blew kisses to the fans that were still there. I would say over a thousand fans stayed, and we were a rowdy bunch. Frank McCourt and his lovely wife stuck around. A chant started. "Please sign Manny." Clap, clap. Clap, clap, clap. "Please sign Manny," the Dodgers fans shouted. Nomar came out of the dugout, and the crowd erupted in applause and cheers. He waved and put his hand over his heart paying tribute to us fans. He took a long look around, soaking up the moment, his moment. It seemed like he was saying good-bye to the stadium; I hoped he wasn't saying good-bye to baseball. Tommy Lasorda said a few words into a microphone. He thanked "the best fans in baseball." He finished up his speech by saying, "When you lay your head down on the pillow tonight, say a prayer for Tommy and the Dodgers." It was a vivid moment, and while we reached a disappointing end, there was something strangely uplifting about the whole scene. As we were walking to the car, I saw daddies holding sleepy kids with their baseball gloves still on, draped over their father's backs. I found solace in the idea that even though we weren't moving on to the World Series, memories were made that night. The children of the fans from '88 had their own stories to tell. A whole new generation of Dodger fans got to experience NLCS baseball for the first time. And who knows, maybe one of these years we'll actually win. PEACE, LOVE, AND BASEBALL, Alyssa I'm writing this blog post from Sun City Center, Florida which has been unseasonably cold since I got here on Tuesday night. I am here until this coming Tuesday visiting my parents on vacation. I had planned on keeping my vacation pretty simple and had hoped to spend most of the time in the pool! It's been way too cold to go in the pool!! I had also planned NOT to work while I was here!!! I have been forced to re-evaluate my plan! Well, here it is Sunday and after 4 days of not working, I'm back at work!! My creative ideas and my excitement are flowing. I am choosing to go with go with the flow and get back to work. One of the things I am really excited about is a new ADHD Coaching option that I will begin to offer on March 15th! As many of you know, Terry Matlen and I offer online coaching through the ADD Action Club. As an ADHD Coach I really love the ADD Action Club and the online coaching format. In addition to the ADD Action Club will also be offering individual online Coaching too. Keep an eye out for more information about my new Unlimited Online ADHD Coaching package.I went to a wonderful event today for "Kids In Sports". The goal of this great organization is to create community led after school sports programs for children and youth in underserved areas of Los Angeles County. In 1996, KIS initiated the Girls In Recreation, Leadership and Sports (GIRLS) Program to recruit and attract young girls to the sports clubs. At the luncheon, Kim Ng was honored for her excellence in raising awareness for women in sports. For those of my blog readers that may not be Dodgers fans and don't know, Kim Ng was the youngest person to present a salary arbitration case in the major leagues at age 26. She has three World Series rings from when she was the Yankees assistant GM. She is the first woman to interview for a general manager's position in Major League Baseball history. Recently, she was picked as one of the most influential people in the game by Baseball America. AND Kim Ng is the Vice President and Assistant General Manager of the Los Angeles Dodgers. I have always been an admirer of Ms. Ng. I would imagine that she doesn't want to be known as a trailblazer. Like any woman who has achieved absolute greatness, she wants to be recognized for her brain and talent, not her gender. But, my God, what an amazing role model she is for women everywhere. When she accepted the award, she spoke of growing up and what sports meant to her and her sisters (she is the oldest of 5). With humility, she told the crowd how sports gave her self-esteem during those pivotal years of teen development, and taught her of teamwork and commitment. Playing sports as a young girl, gave her the foundation to grow into the smart, successful, business, woman she is today. The words Kim shared are actually statistically proven. Girls who play sports have higher levels of self-esteem. They have a more positive body image. They have the experience of success, learn of the hard work to achieve goals and how to deal with failure. Kim Ng is a great spokesperson for the game of baseball and inspired me today. After Kim accepted her award, she graciously took a picture with me. In that fleeting moment, I thought about asking her what the Dodgers were going to do with the bullpen or if she had any plans to get another set up guy or a starter (that could maybe go more than four innings, maybe? Please?). But somehow, in that moment, baseball didn't seem relevant. I wasn't there as a fan of the Dodgers. I was there as a fan of Kim Ng. Peace, Love, AND BASEBALL, Alyssa Well it's been a while since I promised to report back - due in no small part to the fact that it took me so long to get to my GP appointment. Don't ask. One appointment was accidentally cancelled by the surgery, one I forgot to go to because I had a tummy bug, another one co incided with another appointment and so it went on. But here I am - finally - with news!! I had, in between attempts to get to my GP, an appointment at the Pain Clinic with a Pain Nurse. I told her about my failed attempt to increase the dose of Pregabalin and she loaned me an NHS Tens Machine! To say that this simple little device is streets ahead of the all singing all dancing thing that I bought from the chemist would be a massive understatement. Even I can understand the instructions and use this one!Those of you who have read this blog for any length of time know that I have been quite candid about my own struggle with gluttony. And, yes, it's an uncomfortable and extremely unpopular topic to talk about. I've been a skinny glutton, with a high metabolism that kept me from gaining weight. And I've also been a...well, less-than-skinny glutton. So I don't equate gluttony with being overweight or being obese. I also know that "overweight" is a loaded term, and one that can be difficult to define. According to one medical weight chart, I am currently, at 130 pounds, overweight for my age, height, and frame size. I could make excuses, insist that I am healthy at this weight, etc., etc. but I know the real truth: I am at this weight because I've been eating too much and not exercising as much as I should, especially over the holidays. For some people of approximately my size, 130 pounds would be a wonderful weight. The weight chart says I should be at around 115 - 120. I know that, at this stage in my life, I don't want to drop that many pounds. But I do know that I can't use that as an excuse to indulge my appetites. This is WAY cool! I haven't blogged for a while, but I just had to share this! Ferrofluid is a liquid that becomes polarised in the presence of a magnetic field. Here's the technical definition, straight from Wikipedia: "Ferrofluids are composed of nanoscale ferromagnetic particles suspended in a carrier fluid, usually an organic solvent or water. The particles are coated with a surfactant to prevent their agglomeration. Although the name may suggest otherwise, ferrofluids do not display ferromagnetism, since they do not retain magnetization in the absence of an externally applied field. In fact, ferrofluids display (bulk-scale) paramagnetism, and are often referred to as being "superparamagnetic" due to their large magnetic susceptibility." A bunch of scientific mumbo-jumbo to me, I'm afraid, but the behaviour of the fluid is fascinating to watch. This YouTube clip is wonderfully entertaining and demonstrates the fluid's seemingly impossible properties. There are lots of examples on YouTube, accompanied ¡ª not surprisingly ¡ª by abundant debate re whether or not it's CGI fakery. There's even a television commercial using the fluid. Kinda reminds me of those 50's Wooly Willy toys we had as kids, with a goofy-looking guy and iron filings you dragged around with a magnet, to give him hair and a beard. Ain't the web grand?! Every now and then, one tends to forget the incredible marvels this technology has brought to our desktops. Aha, here I am again. Medicine Run-down ? 90mg Cymbalta, 20mg Abilify, 12.5mg Ambien, and 200mg Lamictal. 900000 mg nicotine from my cigs I am just coming out of a major depressive bout. I must say it was a rough one. I've been drawing some though and trying to keep spirits up. I usually don't do well this time of year. From the day the time changed I have been up and down and mainly down. I think I am finally adjusting. Ive been drawing a lot. If anyone is interested, check out some stuff I did at deviantart. Its at http://sunraven0.deviantart.com Tonight we have to go to a Christmas Party. My stomach has been acting up, so I don't exactly know how I'll make it, but I will. It will probably be fun, and hey ? Olive Garden is always good. Anyway, my mood feels a bit more stable. My Abilify was increased a bit, so I guess that helped. I've also been trying to drink more water and watch my wheat intake. I don't know if it will help, but hell, its got to be good for you. Hope all is well with everyone. I am trying to think of things to read and draw so any suggestions are welcome. If I draw something you suggest, I'll post it on deviantart so you can see it.I took B. into the pediatrician today to get a vaccination. We split them up by a few months this year, not because I think vaccines caused their autism, but just because ??? Who knows? It just felt like a good thing to do. Our pediatrician is finally back in the original office, after months of repairs from Hurrican Ike. As far as I can tell, they spent a huge chunk of the insurance money on the mother of all fish tanks. They've always had a tiny one, and the only interest B. has shown in it was watching the bubbles rise. Well, today he could not stop bouncing around and staring at it. Then I realized he was saying, "Goldfish, goldfish, what do you see?" (from the book Brown Bear, Brown Bear, by Eric Carle, which G. recites in its entirety frequently throughout the day). I was so excited, because B. never used to show that he was noticing things in the environment, not to mention knew their names! I kept smiling proudly, as he jumped around the waiting room. Other people looked uncomfortable, and didn't meet my eye, and I can see that he was acting weird, in terms of usual waiting room behavior. But I was so happy! Then, when the nurse was about to give him the shot, she said "One, two, three...", and he said in the saddest little voice, "four, five, six". He also slapped her hand when she said "give me five", and said "bye, bye" when I asked him to. I was walking around with a goofy grin for an hour or so afterward, I'm sure.SimplyHired.com's Job-a-Matic service allows any blog or web site owner to monetize a site with paid job listings. Target by industry and set your own pricing for listings you attract, and the company shares revenues with you 50/50. If your listings are on the skimpy side, Job-a-Matic "backfills" with relevant postings from SimplyHired.com's five million strong database of jobs. Click-throughs are rewarded with a 30/70% revenue split. You can target jobs by keyword or geographically, or both. (One down side ¡ª the service is currently limited to the U.S. only.) Job-a-Matic generates a customizable listings page and lets you create widgets and ads that you can paste into your blog or site, as I have done at left below. The backfilled listings served by Job-a-Matic are attractive and easy to read, with some useful enhancements such as the ability to quickly and easily access geographically relevant salary information. Any listings you attract are added to the database, and promoted through SimplyHired.com's extensive network, which includes MySpace and LinkedIn. The service debuted in February of this year, and already over 600 blogs have signed on. SimplyHired claims to be the world's largest job search engine and was lauded as one of the 50 Coolest Web Sites by Time magazine. Okay, I know I'm already slacking on my work out blog but I promise I wasn't slacking on the soccer Field tonight. The new season started tonight and I'm so thankful because I know that is what kept me lean this past year while I was taking my break from the gym, and also cause it's super fun to tackle grown men. Tonight I was a little displaced because it's been over two month since I've really played and I need to get back into the game. I actually have not had any fears about breaking my nose again which is good.... I think....only if I don't break it again. Tonight was pretty low key and I didn't end up on the ground at all and was only pushed and had my foot stepped on once. Oh and I didn't send any guys to the grown.... kinda boring.... but a good way to get back into the game. What I did have was the assist to the only goal of the game and it happened to be to my man Scottie who sunk it in the net beautifully. It was great because those of you who know me know that the first time I met him he was being super cocky. We met the night before we played in a soccer tournament together and his first words were "Hi, I'm Scott. I'll be scoring all the goals tomorrow, so when you get the ball just kick it to me." Funny thing was he kinda wasn't joking.... He was joking when he said it that night; but I did kick it to him the next day and he did score that goal and most the others that day. So that is always a running joke between us; I'm just following orders when I kick it to him. Anyway even though I've been slacking a little on the blog, I've still been working out. I'll be better about posting this week.I received a John Tesh daily calendar for Christmas, and more often than not, I can link his messages to my RA life. See if any of these quotes from his calendar don't also apply to you and your RA: May 15 -Feeling Tired? If you're feeling sluggish, drink a glass of water. Experts say one of the first signs of dehydration is fatigue, so down a glass of water to perk up. Have you ever met an RA sufferer that didn't complain of fatigue? Let's give it a shot and see if we don't feel a little more perky. May 14 - Relieve Stress. If you're stressed out, have a popsicle. Why? Stress causes the muscles in your jaw and neck to stiffen, which decreases the amount of blood and oxygen that reaches your brain, and leaves you feeling stressed. But eating something cold relaxes those muscles, and makes you calm down. May 22- Tip to help you calm down. Focus on the good! Whenever you feel anxious, focus on something or someone you appreciate - like your spouse or your pet. Doing that will shift your focus to stress-free thoughts, which will help regulate your heartbeat. And new research shows that keeping your heartbeat rhythms at a smooth rate will short-circuit the tension in your body. Stress is one of my big RA triggers for inflammation. How about you? The next time I see someone eating a popsicle and talking to imaginary friends, I'll just know they're practicing some of John Tesh's techniques to relieve stress and calm down. Just eating a popsicle makes me feel happy and carefree! Add the vision of my smiling little Yorkie dog or my loving husband to the picture, and I shouldn't have a worry in the world! John, you're a genius!When I was of early school-age, my family did not have a lot of money. The reason I know that is not because I knew explicitly that there was no money. In fact, I only came to understand that later over time. Looking back my favorite food was baked beans and my sibling's was macaroni and cheese. So I didn't have high brow taste as a kid. The "organic" and the "slow food" movement was not around back in the 1980's when I was in grade school. However, my mother never got us fast food and I didn't even sip soda until I was 5 years old. Because of my mom's vigilance, I don't drink soda (maybe root beer every six months) and I only eat fast food if it's the only option (again once every couple months). When I make dinner for my husband and my toddler, I focus on very simple, quick meals. Normally I try to make sure we have one thing from the following food groups: one grain, one veggie, and one meat. Sometimes I do make our meal with something from a can (actually baked beans maybe once a month), but more likely I get our food from the freezer (especially frozen veggies). We also like to go out to eat for dinner once every weekend and usually got out for Thai food. Yesterday was the first day of third grade for Ethan. He was very excited and we're very optimistic for the school year. He's got a great teacher and he has four friends from previous years that have been in class with him. He said he had a good day and that they were going to be learning lots of new things this year. He had a lot of fun over the summer and I also spent time working with him on his cursive and his reading comprehension. The biggest issue right now is making inferences and I plan to do some research to see if there are any techniques for helping children on the spectrum learn to make inferences and predictions. (Besides simply doing practice worksheets w/reading a questions, etc.) I'm looking for something that's more of a systematic program to help build skills for creativity, imagination, and most important: making inferences and using deductive reasoning. In other cool news, there's this nurse practioners website that likes to create various lists of internet resources for all sorts of different medical resources. They recently put out a ¡°Top 50 Autism Support and Research Blogs¡± and my little blog here is listed #2 (not a ranking just a happy coincidence of listing). Check it out. Back in the day, I worked--- mostly nights --- at a university hospital, as a ward clerk. As part of my job, I met quite a few security guards, of which a significant number were either in law enforcement, had been in law enforcement, or planned to be. Around that same time, I read the LA Times...a lot...and there was a lot of bad news about the L.A. County Sheriff's Department. There was also bad news about the LAPD. One night in the emergency room, a sheriff tried to impress me with the fact that he had beaten up some guy in the course of arresting him. The sheriff looked completely unruffled. The young man he'd arrested was extremely bloodied and had a couple broken bones. I was not impressed. In fact, I was sickened and disgusted. Of course, I don't know the story of this man's arrest. But, a few years later, I was an eyewitness, more than once, to what I can only describe as unprovoked police brutality. There were some other dealings with police over the years. Some good, some bad. But I grew cynical about the sort of person that was attracted to police work, and about what police work eventually did to even the best of people. And then I met two police officers who made me toss out all those stereotypes and prejudices. One morning, after a long night shift, these two men, practically strangers to us, cheerfully helped us move, joking and laughing as they easily carried our heavy bookcases upstairs, actually seeming to enjoy the hard work, and apologizing that they couldn't stay all day, but had to get some sleep before their next shift. Unfortunately, the only real relief is anti-inflammatory meds, keeping it elevated and......rest. Anything to keep the wrist from bending too much and putting strain on those soft tissues is beneficial such as a wrist brace. At one point, mine was so bad that I could not hang onto a drinking glass...my hand would just "let go". I did eventually have surgery and it was the best thing I could have done as I was on the verge of nerve damage from all the years with cts. And yes, yard work made it much worse, especially the string trimmer. I also know that being overweight causes the pain/discomfort to increase.The beta version of SnapVillage ¡ª Corbis' long-awaited foray into the microstock arena ¡ª debuted a few days ago. I've done quite well online with some of the other microstock sites, so I was curious about how the traditional stock photography giant might approach the business of microstock. They had, after all, been slow to acknowledge the seriousness of the mounting competition coming from this quarter. So far, I'm colossally unimpressed. I uploaded half a dozen images over a week ago, and as of this writing they still aren't processed. No acknowledgment at all. Worse, the site times out quickly after the upload completes, so that if you do not immediately enter descriptions and keywords (that's right, the site doesn't support embedded IPTC information), you're bounced out, and you have to RE-LOAD everything all over again. I was not impressed with the lack of support for IPTC data, which is pretty standard in the industry, as is the ability to upload via FTP. The site is still in beta, so one can only hope these features will be coming shortly. If they don't, SnapVillage will fail to attract professional photographers who have come to rely on such functionality at other microstock sites. The quality of the existing images is poor, but then ¡ª in fairness ¡ª I guess Corbis faces a bit of a branding dilemma. They need to somehow differentiate this site from their costly "high-end" site. Unfortunately for them, some of the other microstocks have really raised the bar. Sites like Shutterstock, iStockPhoto, and DreamsTime feature excellent photographers and many professional quality images. Corbis is late off the mark, and disdain virtually oozes from this site. It's evident in the name they chose ¡ª snapvillage ¡ª the word "snap" more than a little denigrating in its suggestion of casual snapshots rather than serious photography. It's almost as if they're targetting the Flickr amateur shutterbug crowd. Indeed, some of the images look like they came straight from the worst of Flickr. All in all a failing score. One would expect more from a company backed by the Corbis brand and bankrolled by Bill Gates. My name is Kim and I am another newbie to the blog. I am 28 years old and was diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis 2 1/2 years ago. I take a lot of medication, which at the moment doesn't seem to be working, I am currently on 22.5mg of Methotrexate weekly, Hydroxychloroquine 200mg twice a day, Diclofenac 50mg three times a day plus pain killers to help control the pain and I occasionally have steroid injections when I have a flare up which is more often than not at the moment. My RA first started in my hands and wrists but has gradually spread to other parts of my body, my feet being the worst with arthritic nodules popping up. I have an appointment in a couple of weeks to see a podiatrist I am hoping they will help with the constant pain in my toes, my RA nurse and Dr always tell me to wear flat shoes and trainers but to be honest it doesn't make a difference what footwear I have on the pain is continuous...i'd be happy wearing my slippers all day they give me the most confort but i'd look a bit stupid walking around work in my fluffy yellow slippers :-)Oh wow, it's been awhile my blogger buddies! Sorry it's been so long, I've been very busy! We are starting to potty train Shaylee....it's going pretty well, she hasn't really peed in the potty but she has gone "Number two" almost everyday in her potty. She just needs to know the feeling of when she has to pee....it might take awhile! Things have been good here, John is working like crazy....as usual! He'll have a nice break over new years though. Shayle is still loving school, Next year she'll be headed for Kindergarten. My monroe is healed and I LOVE IT!! I get so many compliments on it, it feel like second skin, I hardly feel it. It's so stinking cute! I messed up my hair for the holidays too.....I cut BANGS....short kindergarten mom cut my bangs...bangs. EEEK! Sooo..... With Christmas coming up at light speed....I have a few of my favorite Christmas things to share.I went on my search engine and typed "How long can a person go without food" and found that it could be pretty long. especially a person like me. I also found out, actually it verified the fact that I cannot go without water for more than a week. Everything hurts when I try to eat. EVERYTHING. I tried everything so I decided not to eat anything. I am in pain all the time and I am sick of it so today I had lots of ice, one cup of coffee and a teaspoon of peanut butter. I regretted the coffee and peanut butter because even though it was easier on the esophagus, it hurt like heck when it reached my stomach. So there is no winning. I woke up at one-thirty this afternoon because I was in such pain last night and stayed in bed all day, except to make my coffee and eat the dreadful peanut butter.I'm OFF the Carafate!! Everything seems to be doing OK now that I have finished three rounds of the Carafate. This has to be taken an hour before eating and at bedtime, and it coats the stomach lining where the infection, ulcer, irritation is, so that it can heal. It doesn't taste great, but mostly I'm glad to be off of it, because it meant remembering to take it and to be sure my stomach was empty before taking it. Adhering to the empty stomach rule put a serious dent in my herbal tea intake. But now I can get back in the habit of drinking about 8 cups a day. We've decided to cut the amount of Stevia I put in each cup in half, both as a precaution that I might have been getting too much of it each day, plus it will save money. Nothing wrong with that, and it has such a sweet taste that half a packet will do, anyway. We decided to wait a week after going off the Carafate before starting to add back in the vitamins and supplements I have been taking for the last few years, so I'm not taking as many pills right now as I'm used to. That way, if I have any digestive problems adjusting to the pills again, we'll know the problem is from the pills, not that my stomach wasn't healed yet. It's kind of nice taking so much less medicine for awhile. I am still on the MiraLax and the metamucil, and I've started eating prunes for my afternoon snack again. I can't afford to let myself get constipated, as it really throws my whole system off when I do. We've had a long record breaking cold spell here in Alabama, so I haven't been out of the house much of late. Today's our Date Day, but there are only a couple of brave souls trying to have yard sales and such, so I'm not sure what we'll do today. Our weather is getting back to normal temperature range, so it will be good just to get out of the house for awhile, no matter what we end up doing. I've even worked on a little bit of our taxes already, so I really do feel like I'm keeping my resolution to be more efficient with my time usage. It's so easy to while away the days when you're retired, if you're not careful. And now that I'm feeling better, I get a lot more done. When I don't feel well, my brain just goes into slow motion. I did have one very upsetting thing happen this last week. Out of nowhere, someone I went to high school with called me. Sadly, I didn't remember him at all. He had located me from the WHOIS information about our website. It was a very pleasant conversation, but he kept asking me if I remembered so and so, and it's all a huge blank. I can only remember a few people I went to school with, and that's mostly boys I dated LOL. I guess they made a bigger impression on me, eh? But I was very upset by the time the conversation was over. I had to tell him that I was having some memory problems to get him to stop bringing up name after name that drew a complete blank for me. It was extremely embarrassing and frustrating. So I get reminded at such times that all is not right with my brain. Between age related forgetfulness, drug related brain fog, and just plain old neurological brain fog, I am pretty much a complete blank on my past. It's scary when I allow myself to realize that, but mostly I just live for now. On a happier note, I continue to lose weight slowly, and I'm doing much better with my exercising. I'm up to 3 minutes twice a day on the treadmill, and I've recently started back on the recumbent bike for about 5 minutes twice a day. The treadmill is on an incline and not adjustable (translation = cheap), so by the time I've been on it 3 minutes my heart is really pounding. That should improve with time, though, and it's good for my heart, anyway. All in all I'm feeling very good, and hope to keep it that way, with the daily blessings God brings my way. I'm blessed to have a wonderful family who love me and I love deeply, and we all live in the same state. That's better than most people my age can say!Here's one for chocophiles everywhere. Get your daily fix of the sweet treat with Chocomap. This new Canadian web site, sponsored by Ecole Chocolat, uses the Google Maps API to find chocolate shops throughout the world. Using the standard Google Maps interface, you can search geographically then zoom in on a location. Read brief descriptions of chocolate destinations or post your own review. There's lots of other useful information too, including recipes, chocolate e-cards, interviews with top chocolatiers, tips on cooking with chocolate, and background information about the origin and cultivation of the plant that gives us this wonderful food. Already, the site has more than 1,000 listings in over thirty countries. Definitely one for my favourites list. And I'm not referring to anything related to pageants. When I'm teaching something new to my students, I first pre-test them to find out if they know how to do it. My pre-testing is accomplished by asking questions. Maybe a couple of them can answer my questions, but most of the time if it's truly new material, they can't. So I model or demostrate how to do it. Some students grasp material right away, but most average students require a lot of repetition and additional models. Then there are students in special education programs that require additional support including multimodal input (learning through more than just visual and auditory - oftentimes it's tactile: "let's trace an 'm' on paper,") or through cueing. In my humble opinion, modeling is teaching and the basis of learning is through imitation. To imitate well a student needs to have adequate attention and memory. I believe schools can learn how to "model" good food. Many students get either bad models or no models at home in regards to nutrition. So they come to school to learn not only reading and math, but also basic life skills that their parents aren't teaching (or aren't able to teach) them at home. I hate to add something else to the full plate (pun intended) that schools already have, but school lunches are important. Executive functions like attention and memory are supported by good nutrition. Let's teach kids what they should eat at lunch by modeling good food and giving them the best we can offer. I went in last week for my first trimester risk assessment ultrasound and my prenatal lab work at Yale's genetic's department. I told them up front no other testing, no amnio or CVS. Anyways, the blood work came back fine with no elevation in my blood levels for Trisomy 21 or 18. My ultrasound showed that the baby has a thicker nucual thickening around its neck. Average is 3.0mm, my baby's is 3.1mm. When I was pregnant with Joey's his was almost double that that plus no nasal bone is what first made them suspect Down syndrome. His nucual thickening was severe enough to be classified as a Cystic Hygroma, but we were fortunate that it dissolved by the time he was born. This baby has a nasal bone. After ultrasound tech was finished, he went and got the doctor to take a look. Of course, the doctor saw that this baby's nucual thickening is a little abnormal. I was a little mad when he said, "I'm sorry", like he was sorry he was giving me bad news or something. I'm not worried what so ever, if this baby has Down syndrome too then God chose us to have another children with an extra chromosome, so what! I'd feel blessed to have another child with Down syndrome. Neither of us are T-21 carriers and the odd's of this child having T-21 is 1 in 45. The only reason for the odds being what they are is due to nucual thickening being what it was. Without the nucual thickening, the odd's were 1 in 100. I guess more than anything I'm mad at the doctor for saying "I'm sorry", because I'm NOT sorry, I'm happy! I'm 13 weeks pregnant and the baby is healthy. It has a nice strong heartbeat and has 2 arms and 2 legs. What more could a parent want?!Unfortunately, the Botox hasn't been nearly as effective as it was the first round. We are pretty bummed about it but trying to remain hopeful. In an effort to really make the most of it, Darsie's foot is being serial casted tomorrow. In the first round of Botox, we saw huge improvement immediately and even more after the serial casting. So, fingers crossed that the casting is what we need to really take the Botox to the right level for her. I know that kids grow "immune" to the Botox, but after just one round?I believe that we were meant to work hard. In today's world, for most of us, there is less and less hard work for us to do. We're all in danger of becoming soft and lazy. Recently some of my women friends were laughing about how their great-grandmothers would have found it ridiculous that they paid good money to go work out at the gym. Why not plant some crops? Toss bales of hay into a wagon all day? Put up heavy storm windows? Isn't that work enough? Seems most of us have lost the opportunity to do hard work...and we need to replace it, at the very least, with hard exercise. Unfortunately, too many of us are too lazy to do so. It's much easier to sit and indulge ourselves with our favorite foods, while pretending anyone who suggests we do otherwise is the one with the problem --- and getting annoyed if anyone suggests that obesity is, in most cases, caused by eating too much and doing too little. Arthritis sucks! Does anybody want to 2nd my motion? In recent months, I've heard chatter within my circle, about the importance of exercising and taking care of ourselves because we're approaching the age where health concerns become real. Hearing family and friends discuss cholesterol, high blood pressure, heart disease and fatty livers, made me realize, I'm not exempt and have a responsibility to take care of myself. Knowing my body, limitations and capabilities, I came up with a walking plan to get myself into better shape with the hopes of avoiding future problems with my general health. The first two days were relatively easy and while I felt I'd actually made progress, I didn't feel as though I was challenging myself physically. On the third day, I slightly bumped it up a notch (extreme emphasis on the word, slightly). Increasing my speed just a little, for a short period of time, gave me a greater sense of accomplishment and the feeling of a better workout. Stepping off of the treadmill, I felt great, as if I'd ran and won a marathon (against snails mind you, but nevertheless, I did it!). Feeling good about myself, I walked away from the treadmill, humming the Rocky theme song.Jeannette Twomey, inventor of the Kind Reminder, sent me an email recently to tell me about her product. It's a little device that plays a recorded message with the push of a large button. The caregiver can leave a simple message like, "It's Tuesday and I'll see you at 5 p.m." or any information that the dementia patient may need to access frequently. The recorder is inexpensive and 5% of the purchase price goes to the Alzheimer's Association. If my dad was still alive, I'd have no problem shelling out $20 for this! Maybe if he had had a recording of my voice to carry around, he wouldn't have forgotten me.Every month I complete of my project, I'm going to write a reflective follow-up on what happened (please pardon me that we are already one week into February): January Stats: 18 school lunches eaten included: (4 - pizza lunches) (2 - hot dog lunches) (2 - chicken patties) (2 - cheese sandwiches) (2 - pasta dishes) (1 - PB&J that I will never forget...) (...other meals you will have to check out for yourself...) What I learned about school lunch: 1) More people than I ever expected are interested in improving school lunch and reading about my misadventures. 2) School lunches normally consist of a main dish with some some meat product (often combined with a grain), a fruit product, a vegetable product, milk, and an additional grain if the meal needs it to comply with federal regulations. 3) The meals contain a lot of processed food items. 4) The food is bland and usually tasteless. 5) There is a lot of salt in the meals and they are low in fiber for the most part What I learned about myself: 1) I finally figured out that I'm lactose-intolerant (I wasn't drinking a lot of milk before so I never knew) 2) I'm proud of myself 3) I'm enjoying the project more than I expected Just today I read a blog post, which linked to several others, which in turn linked to yet others, which made me do some Google searches...and I discovered there is a mini-trend of women bloggers "coming out as plus-sized". Most who have "come out" are then inundated with adoring comments from fans along the lines of "What courage!" and "Now I love you even more!" and "You are so beautiful inside and out!" and even "[expletive deleted] anyone who is smaller than a size 12!" There are plenty of "Real women have curves" type remarks and diatribes against any woman who "exercises too much", is "too skinny", dares suggest that obesity might be linked to health problems, or -- even worse -- has the audacity to suggest that lack of exercise and/or overeating might contribute to obesity in any way. A plus-sized woman is applauded when she says, "I feel great about my size!" I remember the actress (but have blanked on her name) who exclaimed, "This is for all the fat girls!" when she accepted her Emmy award some years back. The crowd went wild! Everyone loved it! I think people would have been appalled, disgusted, and outraged if someone the size of Calista Flockhart would have enthused, "This is for all the skinny girls!" upon receiving an award. There would have been no end to denouncing such a woman as being unhealthy, both physically and mentally, and contributing to the eating disorders of impressionable young girls. I have been touched by so many of your comments and everything that you have shared with me via email. It seems like there is a real need for people to share their school lunch experiences: the good, the bad, and the ugly. In the spirit of sharing and continuing the dialogue about school lunches in the US and abroad, I've started a Flickr Photo Group (see flickr badge to the right): http://www.flickr.com/groups/fedupwithschoollunch/ If you choose to join my photo group, your "homework" is to take a picture and share it. The photo can be anything related to school lunch. You might be a teacher who wants to take a photo of the lunch at your school. You might be a nutritionist who wants to highlight some really great lunches. You might be a lunch lady who wants to share some terrific (or not so terrific) meals. What are you (students, kids, teachers) eating for school lunch? Or even what great lunches have you packed for your child? I need you to know that I will be monitoring the content aggressively. The group rules include: Post only your own pictures (taken by you). Please obtain parental permission to post pictures of students' faces. If you must post pictures of students' without parental permission (as in a large group photo), please blackout their faces. Might as well get adults' permission to post their faces on the photo group. For example, you can take a picture of your own child with a lunch, because you are that child's parent. For this reason I haven't taken pictures of the cafeteria or the lunch line because I do not have parental permission to shoot the kids. You also must have a Yahoo ID to access Flickr (it's a part of Yahoo). And if you want to enjoy the photos and comment, you do need to log in with your Yahoo ID. A picture is worth a thousand words. It seems that mine are making a difference... and I want you to be a part of the School Lunch Revolution. i have hot flushes, shooting chest pain, shortness of breath, tiredness, symptoms are not constant and do not always come together. my doc has done peek flow tests, chest x rays and general blood tests which are all clear. on listening to my heart there is no mermer and my lungs sound fine. please please help me this is going on about 2 years now and the symptoms are just getting worse i need to find out what is wrong they thought it was asma but that has now been ruled out. im 19 and female and defo not pregnant if you catch the drift ive been to hospital loads of time they cant work it out so i am asking everyone so if you have an idea what you think it might be let me no even if you think it is stupid or you will scare me or insult me you wont i am already thinking the worst and im thick skinnedToday's menu: chili, beans, tortilla chips, icee, milk So...the chili was actually quite good and I ate the beans and chips too. I couldn't bring myself to eat the icee, but I did force myself to try it. The sweetness was overpowering. I winced. I don't have a clue how much high fructose corn syrup was in it, but I couldn't stomach more than a drop or two. I talked to two of my students about what they ate at lunch. They told me they ate the icees (evidence: red stains around lips and on shirt), the chips, and the milk. The rest they threw away. Can you imagine the spike in blood sugar? I don't think that students should be offered "icees" at school. Since it's coming from the school, why would they suspect that it might be bad for them? About 30-45 minutes after lunch one of the students I interviewed seemed to "crash" physically (some tears about a minor offense from a classmate). This same student seemed pretty spaced out. What are we doing to kids? Readers have commented about scheduling school lunch in relation to recess and how it's better to have recess before lunch.... Um... Tell me again what this "recess" is that you speak of? My school doesn't have recess. The kids get gym once a week. That's it. (Revised: the preschoolers get recess but not in the winter.) It bothers me because kids really have the need to move. And kids want to be outside even in the cold: they want to run around. With ADHD diagnoses increasing every year, it makes you wonder if we are requiring them to sit for too long. I love watching kids run around, going wild, hair flowing in the breeze, playing tag, laughing and smiling. Being kids. I love seeing their pink cheeks after gym class. That's increased blood flow to their brains! Recess in not optional. Recess needs to be required. Once I was testing a student He has test anxiety. His eyes were wide, he was fidgeting with his shirt, and his hands were trembling. We started the test and he started tanking right away. So I stopped it and said to him, "Let's do some jumping jacks!" He was confused at first, but when I did a few jumping jacks, he did some too. He had the biggest smile on his face. We sat down again and I could see that he had less tension in his body. We returned to the testing and his scores went up. A little common sense goes a long way. I want to reiterate that I really like the lunch "ladies" at my school. These are hard-working women and men doing their job every single day. The quality of the lunches is something completely out of their control. I worked in the dishroom of my dorm cafeteria my first year of college. It was hot and smelly work standing in the spray of an industrial dishwasher. Shifts started early and you had to wear uniforms and hairnets. I was usually half-awake. Every day I would go back to my dorm room and smell like grease or fast food or...I couldn't put my finger on what exactly, but if you ever worked in food service, you know that smell. The unwritten rule is that you MUST go home and shower after your shift is over. It's not enough to take off your uniform! I had a lot of fun in that job because the other employees were college students and we got to socialize during our shifts. I made some good friends. I also knew it was not my lifetime vocation. The women and men working in the lunch room have to put up with similar conditions as I did, but they do it year after year. There's a lot of heavy-lifting, smelly food garbage, and messes made by the children. I'd like to point out that the cafeteria and what I've since of kitchen are exceptionally clean. It's a credit to these devoted professionals. In my last post, I wrote about the benefits and drawbacks of wearing splints and tried to give some suggestions for complying with a splinting regimen. I also thought that it might be helpful to talk about splinting for kids, and from a kid's perspective. Splinting is a major treatment modality for kids. While it offers some of the same benefits as for adults, like joint protection and improved function, splints also help prevent joint deformities and contractures (shortening) of the soft tissue around the joints, like muscles and ligaments. Contractures tend to occur when the muscles around a joint are maintained in a shortened, flexed position. With RA, this sometimes happens because inflammation makes it impossible to straighten a joint completely or because it sometimes feels better to favor the limb or digit by keeping it flexed. They can also occur because of unequal growth of bones making up the joint; a common problem for children with JIA as they grow. Splinting and stretching programs (both passive and active) are important for preventing contractures or to keep them from getting worse. Once contractures have formed, splinting, stretching and other modalities can be used to try to lengthen the soft tissue again, but if those methods fail, then surgery may be required..Well, 21 actually. I just logged in and realised that it has been 3 weeks to the day since I last posted, and after reading through my last post, I hardly recognise it as me, and yet I remember writing it through tears. I can't believe how completely different I feel. I remember Seaneen saying once that if you feel suicidal try to ride it out for just one month - chances are, you would have changed your mind by then. It's so true. I'm not saying that I wanted to kill myself and that I've been waiting for a month to pass, I'm just saying that 3 weeks ago I would never have imagined I could feel as different as I do today. This is probably the best I have felt in at least 7 years. In fact, I'm in such a positive place right now that I'm scared of losing it or spoiling it in some way. For the first time since Mr Man's first admission into hospital, I'm at peace, and I want to stay at peace. For this reason I have decided that I won't be writing in my blog for the time being. Although I have struggled to update my blog regularly for quite some time now, I never thought I would stop writing it completely. But dwelling on past experiences has not allowed me to let go of the anger I have felt over certain events, and although I desperately wanted to share them with the world, I now feel that it's time to move on. Of course, never say never. This is perhaps a "See you later" rather than a "Goodbye". Thank you all for reading, and especially those who have taken the time to comment. The blog will remain and I hope that others will continue to benefit from it.Hard work has a way of transforming us. In all my life, I've never met one obese person who got that way while eating sensibly and working hard. Gluttony and laziness were significant lifestyle factors, which the more candid and forthright ones readily admitted. I believe that God designed our bodies for hard work. Male bodies, especially, are designed for streneous physical labor. Those masculine muscles were put there for a purpose. What is sad to me is that too many men in our culture have become soft, indulgent, and lazy. Even worse, they are unashamed of this, and try to act as if it is the way that men should be. Some time back, I hard an overweight young guy criticize his girlfriend for putting on some weight. "Girls are supposed to be skinny," he said, "and guys are supposed to be big." Big being, of course, a polite way of saying overweight, flabby, and out of shape. I pointed out that, no, actually women were supposed to have a higher body fat percentage than men. It's one of the ways God designed us. Men were supposed to be relatively lean and muscled. Those that work hard enough and eat sensibly enough usually are. My daughters were born and raised in coastal Florida, right up until we drove halfway across the country to move to Colorado in February 2009. They're both excellent swimmers even though they've never taken a lesson. Instead, they grew up in the Gulf of Mexico and in our backyard pool, where floating in a swim ring gave way to splashing around with arm floats gave way to the little kid's drowned-rat doggie paddle gave way to actual swimming and, in Kyra's case, diving.I'm so keyed up right now, I'm fucking delirious. But not in a positive way. If I had a nickel for every time I've said the word "fuck" in the past six hours... I don't know, maybe it's just from a day of eating after a good two-day fast. I say "good" because although I didn't have any food, I must have had too many liquid calories (soymilk, fruit juice), because the weight didn't budge. For two solid days. Fuck. But, in order to be strong for the 3-day weekend fast, I decided to go ahead and eat today. That, and I had a mid-day job, and sure enough, as soon as I got there, they tried to feed me. But I had already set my mind to eat only healthy foods today, and as the shoot was short, I made enough excuses to get out of eating. What the hell? My call time was noon, and they ordered lunch to arrive RIGHT before I got there. Convenient? Coincidence? Or has someone figured me out? If I find out that one of my agents or managers is reading this blog, I swear to God I will shut it down or move it to another address. The moment I arrived at this shoot, all three -- the producer, director, and stylist -- immediately start insisting I should eat something, eat something, EAT SOMETHING. Fuck the hell off! It's enough to make me fucking paranoid!! For the first twenty minutes I was there, all I heard was "eat something." I'm like, "Where's the script? Would you like to see my wardrobe? What's the character's mode?" etc. No, none of that seemed to matter, just, "Eat something." I was so close to screaming! But I kept my cool, made some great excuses (thank you, C!!) and was able to avoid eating anything they offered me. I think the timing actually worked in my favor, because I was able to buckle down as soon as I arrived, and by the end of the shoot, they'd all forgotten that I hadn't eaten. (Oh and by the way, I was shooting a commercial playing a girl working out at a fitness center! Ha ha! So I got in a mini-workout in the middle of the day!) Then the drive home was fucking frustrating. I only had one shot of espresso early in the day, but the stress alone had me pulling my hair out all the way home. (No, not literally). And when I got home tonight, all keyed-up and ready to have a killer-fucking-workout, I get to the gym and the place is closed for a power outage. What the fuck!!!????!!! I'm so ludicrously charged up, and I've got no place to burn all these calories and stress!!! Well, I do have about a zillion things to take care of before midnight tonight, so I guess the good Lord's actually putting me where I need to be. But that means tomorrow's weight is gonna be way up, and I'm already dreading that. I already took one melatonin tonight to try to calm me down. Thank God tomorrow's audition is for someone who's "energetic and a fast-talker." Jeez, I wish I could do it right this very second, I'd win the part for sure. God, I can't wait to start this 3-day fast. I fucking need it like I need fucking air in my lungs. I'll probably start tomorrowI've been reading Marya's book again. The last time I read it, it triggered me into a summer of long-term fasts (lost 20 pounds in 3 months), so I'm wondering what will happen to me now that "I've been rehabilitated." It's such a wonderful account of her journey. Those of you who've commented that you enjoy reading my stuff, I HIGHLY recommend you read this book. She's a fucking fantastic writer. She's a freakin' phenom, and I aspire to be her one day. I'm not in ana-mode right now. No. Not that I don't want to. I've been back out on my own for several months now, but I'm still not entirely sure that I'm not being watched. But I can see the ana creeping back in. I'm back to my daily routine-making, gaining control. I've been having a bowl of cereal for breakfast (300 cals), a salad for lunch (440 cals), and a latte for dinner (260 cals), followed by 8-10 miles at the gym (950 cals) every day for the past few weeks. Some days work has gotten in the way, and I've had to switch to have the latte for lunch and the salad for dinner. And weekends are way harder when I'm out with friends. But for the most part I've been able to stick to it. I'm not weighing myself. The scale is in the bathroom, and it's a struggle in my head every morning deciding whether to look or not. I don't want to know. I just know that I'm not even close to my all-time low weight, so I know I'll hate myself and relaspe for sure if I look. I'm scared to look. But I'm dying to know. I hate myself. A little bit of trauma in my life lately. Same boy who left me for "fat cow", then broke up with her in November just shortly after I got sent away, then tried to get back with me when I got out... hasn't talked to me for about 3 months. I was ok with that. Until last week when he randomly decided to call me up for dinner, only to let me know that he'd met another girl and he's going to marry her. (SFX bomb-drop) Not that I ever really expected to marry him, but shit. Who decides to marry someone after only 3 or 4 dates? Apparently he does. So yeah, that's been a little bit triggering. Had a helluva 11-mile run at the gym that night. But unfortunately that tipped me over the edge: I twisted my right hip and it's been aggravated since, keeping me from going to the gym the past 5 days. So trauma is just that much more... shitty. I hate this life. Why do I bother to persist?I had severe CTS in both hands and it kept me enjoying gardening, even using a riding lawn mower so I had Carpal Tunnel Release surgery May 2008 on my left hand as I am right-handed and wanted to make sure the surgery on left was a success before I put my right hand through the surgery. My surgeon told me I would be "like new" and could again enjoy working outside, and able to do ANYTHING. I just want to mention something to the people who are thinking about having Carpal Tunnel surgery that I wish someone would have told me, primarily my surgeon. After surgery, the pain only got worse (over a 10 on pain scale) and I had not had any relief since the anesthetic wore off. Finally in July my surgeon said I have "RSD" aka Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy. RSD is also known as CPRS Complex Regional Pain Syndrome and anyone considering having CTR surgery be aware. I have RSD/CRPS and after 1 year in physical therapy (3 x's a week)I have a 5 lb. weight restriction for life and my right hand is not operable for the severe CT still causing extreme pain. There is no cure for RSD/CRPS & it is a debilitating disease. I am no longer able to work because of the heavy pain meds I am on, and will be on for the rest of my life, not to mention everything I do exacerbates the RSD, daily tasks. If you would like more info regarding this disease that can happen to anyone go to www.rsdsa.org and you will get an idea of the hell it is to live with it. Please do some research before you agree to CTR surgery. I cannot do ANY yard work now. Any trauma causes the RSD to spread. RSD/CRPS aka Causalgia is the most painful type of chronic pain according to the McGill Pain Index today, even more painful than amputation and I live with this pain everyday. Good luck and I hope this never happens to anybody else!You got to watch this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIwrV5e6fMY (It's 20 minutes long so get comfortable) And the accompanying article for more information about the award: http://www.tedprize.org/jamie-oliver/ Jamie Oliver is working to change children's lives by tackling school lunch. When he accepts the award he does a dramatic display with sugar. That's all I'm going to say about that. And then the clips of the families he is working with...wow. My favorite part is when he takes a bunch of different vegetables into the classroom and shows them to the students. He asks them to name each of them. A kid calls an eggplant "a pear." I'm going to try the that with my students sometime soon (this week if I find time to get to a grocery store). It's the Jamie Oliver Vegetable Experiment! Here is the most shocking admonition of all: I prefer being the size I am right now. I have weighed more in the past, but I feel better at this weight -- and I actually think that I look better. So does my husband. (I don't carry my fat well. I'm not one of those women who "gains all over" and looks voluptuous. The more weight I gain, the more disproportionately pear-shaped I become.) So, yeah. I'm wearing skinny jeans. My size 6 pants are now too big for me. A lot of people think that is disgusting and would no doubt assume I have some sort of eating disorder or mental condition. I'm sure some moms would rather their daughters not read my blog -- and I may even lose some of those mothers as readers. But...if it's a wonderful thing to come out as "fat" or "plus-sized", why not as slim? Instead of asking, "Can I please be fat?" I'm asking, "Can I please be thin?" I'm certainly not expecting the sort of applause my plus-sized sister bloggers have received. All I'm asking for is a little "healthy weight for my frame acceptance" or even -- dare I say it? -- "thin acceptance". His teacher told me that Adrian was ¡°bright¡± and ¡°caught on to things really quickly¡± two things that honestly, I thought I would never hear from a teacher about Adrian. His teacher is fabulous. I really wasn¡¯t sure about her but now we¡¯re so impressed and excited. She truly seems to really like Adrian, he cuddled with her when I was there and she smiled at him. She is very good at sticking with things and finding out exactly what works for Adrian no matter how long it takes. She used the word ¡°excited¡± several times when describing how she felt about Adrian¡¯s progess. Adrian is moving on to ¡°normal¡± kindergarten math activities and working on some 1st grade writing stuff.It was probably within the past two years that my husband came home from work and told me about one of his coworkers that stopped eating any foods with HFCS (high fructose corn syrup). I laughed and thought, "What a loon!" Fast-forward to having a child and breastfeeding my baby. I started to have to supplement with a little formula when he was around six months old. One day I was looking at the ingredients of the formula and I noticed that HFCS was right up there in the ingredient list. That broke my heart! As a mother, I just want my kid to get the best food possible with the least amount of cheap additives. And here my baby was so small and getting a lot of this corn product straight. Something felt wrong to me. What do you know about HFCS? Are we overreacting about how it might change students' classroom behavior? reat post! Another disease with the heterozygote advantage is Cystic Fibrosis. It is a disease that infects the lungs, causing large amounts of sticky mucus to build up in the pancreas as well. In the lungs it can block airways and make it difficult to breathe. If the pancreas is infected the digestive track can be clogged and digestion stopped. Although people with cystic fibrosis have a shorter life expectancy than normal, as treatments improve the life expectancy is rising. Also the earlier you get treatment the longer you will live. Symptoms of cystic fibrosis is salty tasting skin, wheezing, coughing, and short breath, excessive appetite but little weight gain. You can be tested from a sweat test or prenatal screening, or newborn screening.I've had Ulcerative Colitis for about 16 years, and I'm almost always in a flare up. I just starting using this website, which is wonderful! For the past week, I've been modifying my diet to include mostly anti-inflammatory foods, and I immediately started feeling an improvement. My constant bloating has diminished, and I'm anxious to see how this affects my health over the coming weeks and months. I wanted to know if there is a way to search ND to find foods within a range of IF ratings, for example -- be able to search for highly anti-inflammatory foods, or moderately anti-inflammatory foods. I can see the IF rating when I select a specific food, but it would be great if I could search for a list of foods based on IF rating. Thank you.Yesterday and today, I viewed two different videos with poignantly beautiful messages. If I were to combine the themes of both together, it would be this: our Father God wants to tell each one of us, as He carries us through our personal storms, "I love you...we're going to make it...I know the way home...surrender...surrender and let me carry you...all will be well!" My friend Mike knew that. He would talk to me of surrender and brokenness...of his "Precious Saviour"...of grace...ah, grace!...and of glorious freedom, not just freedom FROM but freedom TO...and always he would hammer home truth, truth, truth...and how beautiful and wonderful that truth is! That's why, at the end of his life, Mike could be so calm and could even joke. He was that sure. As he had told me at least once, "I'm a nobody...but I know Somebody." And Mike knew -- he knew with every brain cell of his vast intellect and every fiber of his very being -- that it was grace, all grace. Salvation? All grace! Sanctification? All grace! Anything at all good in us? All grace! Our eternal hope? Grace upon grace! That is what Mike taught: grace, grace, grace. It is what he lived and breathed. It is what will be sung at his memorial service. It is grace that took Mike home, into the very arms of his Precious Saviour. I know that all is now well for the man who considered himself a big brother to a number of us. All is well...and someday all will be well for us too. Enjoy Jesus, Mike, enjoy Jesus. See you forever. Jil's advice of the day: If you are Bipolar, do not drink 9 million Red Bulls in a day because you will go crazy and never sleep. I know this from experience and have learned from my dreadful mistake. It really gives you wings. 24 days no smoking. I rock! Not much else going on. My 10 year high school reunion is coming up. That should be interesting....especially since Ive gained about 50 lbs since high school (thank you Zyprexa)....and people I havent seen in a long time have no clue who I am. Nice. I am selling my motorcycle. Anyone want it? I really hate to, but I need a car....extremely bad. Man, I am tired...but no Red Bull for me!! I was watching the clock about every 5 minutes last night, paranoid that it was wrong and I'd miss work. Yes, I am quite strange. I drank 2 of the really big Red Bulls yesterday and God knows how many Mountain Dews....lets just say I was wound up!! Now I can hardly keep my eyes open because I didnt sleep :( OOOOHHHH WEEELLLLLL Thats it from me for the moment.Doing good so far on the 3-day weekend fast. Nothing but water yesterday, and was down 2 lbs this morning. No food today, but did have several caloried drinks as well as my water. I'm anxious to see what I'll weigh tomorrow morning because of the calories... mostly soy milk, so I know the protein is what kept me strong enough to evade eating. But do the calories factor out? We'll see. I will admit, I did buy 2 butter croissants and an apple-cinnamon scone today to support my church's bake sale. And I bought them with the mindset of bingeing. But once I got back in the car, I reminded myself of you guys, and the promise I made to fast for three days. I didn't eat them. (I love you guys.) I can tell myself I'll only eat one bite, but the truth is that I can never stop myself. If I eat just a little bit, I end up tailspinning into a maniacal uncontrollable binge-fest. I think it's a survival-instinct thing... my body's been starving for a few days now, and it thinks that I have to LOAD UP on calories in case I don't feed it again for awhile. So to avoid the binge, I MUST avoid the first bite. I wrapped up the baked items and put them away to save for Monday. If I can save everything for "cheat days" (make them Monday and Thursday) and then fast five days a week, hopefully the starving will outweigh the binges. God, I wish I could just stop bingeing altogether. One day at a time. I feel strong that I will be able to get through tomorrow without eating again. I'll probably have another soy latte, 1) because I need the caffeine to keep my energy up, 2) the protein in the soy was a miracle filler. But if tomorrow's weigh-in doesn't look like I'll lose all five by tomorrow night, maybe no soy latte...Milk has been there my whole life. I loved the stuff and drank it everyday. But like many folks in my family as I have gotten older it's gotten harder for me to digest milk products. This project has revealed to me that I'm lactose-intolerant. Just to make my life easier I'm cutting out straight milk and ice cream (dairy products with the most lactose). Lact*aid products although great just seem like too much fooling around for me with my busy schedule. I can't imagine removing dairy completely from my life since I love yogurt (and luckily it is low in lactose). Milk is a staple of school lunches. Kids really do love it (I know my toddler does). I think the debate about milk that I've seen online is that students should only be served skim milk because it is low in fat and that it does not contain high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) like chocolate milk. I am concerned about HFCS and how it influences children's behavior, but I don't have a lot of information about it. I also think it's possible that students who don't get good fats (vegetable oils) in their diet could benefit from milk fat instead of trans fat. At the next park day, the more experienced moms in our group laughed at my tale. They had been there. They had learned to share mostly the sanitized version of motherhood with their husbands, and to come up with a canned, pleasant answer to "What on earth did you do all day?!" As one mom told me, "Marriage shouldn't be a contest about who had the most stressful day. Let your husband win that one. He will be happier thinking that he is creating a wonderful life for you through his noble sacrifice. He doesn't need your stress on top of his." Once in a while, I listen to Dr. Laura on the radio while I'm running errands. One of her recurring themes is to remind women that they are married to men, and not to their girlfriends. Hours of talking? Deep sharing? Feelings? The daily minutiae of life? Save it for your girlfriends. Your husband will never be interested in that! I am a thirty-something wife, stay-at-home mom, school volunteer, community group leader, writer, scrapbooker, jewelry designer. Oh yeah, and I have this chronic, painful disease called rheumatoid arthritis that tries to take all that away from me. This journal is all about me trying to keep it all together while still living a normal life. (Plus bonus literary quotes! What's a former English major going to do without her quotes?)After a very stressful few weeks, and a very naughty weekend, I am feeling quite... (how shall we say) unqualified to fit into my skinny jeans this week. So, now that I feel like a lot of the heat has let off, it's time for a good old-fashioned FAST. Just a little one, to see if anyone notices. It's 6 pm here on the east coast, and I have a party to go to tonight, followed by 2 auditions tomorrow, and another party tomorrow night. Evenings are usually my gym-time, so without an outlet for my persistent anxiety, I feel like I'd rather control my food intake if I can't get a grip on my energy output. To keep eyebrows from raising, I'm going to try to keep pushing the fluids, keeping a drink of some kind with me at all times, to give an illusion of intake. However, I will try to keep these calorie counts down as well. Mostly water, maybe a little bit of VitaminWater, a sip or two of soymilk for breakfast, and coke zero if I MUST have caffeination. But no food. Until at least midnight tomorrow (Monday night). I'm already anticipating the high!! And looking forward to telling ya'll how it went. God, I hope I get away with this. Depending on how it goes, who knows what I might do after this? Who's fasting with me? 30 hours food-free! Let's do it! Think beautiful thoughts, girls! XOXO!Today's menu: cheese lasagna, peas, pear, milk, bread, butter Wow. Truly monumentally bad. I couldn't get through the main entree. I was hungry too... I bit the cheese lasagna and it didn't even pass muster as pasta! Al dente? No, al crappy. The pasta couldn't hold its form and it crumbled. I ate two bites and I was done. Yuck. Luckily I keep peanut butter in my desk. I used the two pieces of bread that came with the lunch and made a peanut butter sandwich. The spork was my snife. I would have been so screwed without my little snack stash today. The pear and the peas were good. If it had been a fruit cup, I probably would have cried. We demand the universal human rights standard of informed consent for all medical interventions. Compulsory vaccination cannot be legally and morally justified. We affirm...the sanctity of personal space the right to be left alone, and the freedom to make personal health care decisions guided by the professionals of our choosing. We invite all people, families and organizations committed to protecting these fundamental rights to stand with us in downtown Chicago on May 26, 2010 at our inaugural rally, and to work with us after the event to support grassroots advocacy, education, and leadership in defense of our personal ? individual, legal, moral, religious, civil, and human -- rights. The American Personal Rights Rally coincides with Autism One and Generation Rescue's conference, Autism Redefined, May 24th through May 30, 2010 at the Westin O'Hare in Chicago. Please visit the Autism One site devoted to conference information.I havent written in a while and just gave this link to a friend and realized how long it's been since I've posted something on here. I love to write but sometimes I get tired of talking about my illness, you know the cheesy line, "I have Achalasia but Achalsia doesn't have me" well, sometimes it takes over and I get overwhelmed with the drama of it, which now that I think of it, is somewhat selfish, at least blogwise. I have new readers and haven't kept up with what I've learned about the disorder or what's new about it. Im going to do some research tonight. I don't want my fellow achalasia suffers to feel alone and I don't want to feel like I am the only one in the world with this disorderToday's menu: cheeseburger, corn, peach fruit cup, popcorn chips, milk I'm feeling so yellow after this meal. Can you get over how everything is the same color? And then there's two corn-based sides... I love popcorn. It started because of my Grandma, who was a popcorn fanatic and ate it whenever she watched a movie. I'm not referring to movie theater popcorn, but popped on the stove, drizzled with real melted butter, and consumed while enjoying an old movie in her den. Good food is all about memories and family, no? I'm trying to figure out why the popcorn had to be made into crisps?! Popcorn is good without being further processed! The last picture is a look inside the package at this strange food. It didn't taste like popcorn to me. I'm 35 and was recently diagnosed with RA (although I tried to convince the rheumatologist otherwise!). For several years I dismissed all the symptoms as nothing more than the stress of being a recently divorced single mother, trying to make ends meet as an administrative assistant by day and a piano instructor in my home studio by night (my own super-hero identity in the making?). Not once did I think my poor health was due to anything other than sheer exhaustion and stress. So when the rheumatologist confirmed what my family doctor speculated, I was in shock. I went into denial. I tried to convince myself that I could be healthy if I just tried harder to manage the stress better and stuck to a strict diet/exercise plan. In fact, I think I still am in denial at times: I'm struggling, stubborn, and stupefied. I agree with others that a diagnosis of RA causes feelings of isolation due to the general population's lack of knowledge about it (myself formerly included). I've always 'burned the candle at both ends' to take care of myself and my family, and admitting to myself that I cannot physically do something was/is very upsetting. But reading your blog and the interactions with others with RA has helped immensely. I've laughed a lot, and laughter is the best medicine of all, right? And now I have all the more reason to finally purchase a grand piano before the age of 40ÿ.it's going to happen, and I'm going to play Chopin on it beautifully, with all my students on stage with me, and my two wonderful children at my side. Thank you, and best wishes.If you allow yourself to be open to the struggles of humanity, it can sometimes be difficult to remain hopeful and positive. I try to educate myself on what is going on in the world. I try to remember that as I type away, in the comfort of my sitting room, with my A/C and chai latte, there are many things simultaneously occurring that are unfathomable and devastating. I try to remind myself daily of how blessed I am. I'm pretty good at remaining grateful. I can look at my family, friends and animals, and know that they are all a reflection of what is good in life. It might seem weird that I'm starting a post about the All-Star Game with the above paragraph, but honestly, my experience at the All-Star Game always invokes a feeling of gratitude. It is a reminder that, not only am I blessed to be given the opportunities bestowed upon me, but also that I am blessed to have been born into this country. Baseball is an escape for me. I get lost in it. Baseball is the coming together of unlike minds for a like purpose. Every moment before a pitch is thrown has its own pulse. Looking at a field and seeing all the greats in the game, in all their shapes and sizes--their different cultural backgrounds, history and cellular make up--is a reminder that anyone, from anywhere, can play the game of baseball. You don't have to be seven feet tall or seven feet wide. It is the Everyman's sport. Regardless of any controversy that surrounds baseball, this is what I think of when I look at all the greats on one field. I had a beautiful time in St. Louis. On Sunday, I did an autograph session at the stadium, where I got to meet some awesome people. I had Adrian's IEP meeting yesterday morning. They are always hard for me and I try to just walk away from it without crying, I didn't cry yesterday but it was very close. Present at the meeting was Adrian's teacher, speech pathologist, school counselor, a representative from the area education agency, and school principal. First they just went through everything from when he first started receiving services from the AEA until present day. We talked about his progress and whether or not he is still eligible for special education services, summer school, and door to door bus pickup. He's still eligible for all of those services. Next the school counselor brought out the Conner scale that myself and his teacher had filled out. He is rated ¡°high¡± on many areas that would indicate ADHD but the counselor said you can't be sure whether or not some of those high ratings are from the autism or ADHD. She just said it's up to me, I can take this to the doctor and have him evaluated, it's just our choice how to proceed. I will take the charts to his doctor either next time we go or I'll make an appointment in the next month or so, I haven't decided yet because I think we're going to have to get a referral and go out of town to have him evaluated for ADHD. Next I talked to the speech pathologist. She just gave her report and is really impressed with how well he started to come along because apparently they had a rough start. Then his teacher discussed his goals, I think I'll write up a separate post about his actual goals because this will get too long. The only thing I was kind of surprised about was that the AEA rep was talking about how we need to make sure Adrian's goals will help him function in his life. For example, rather than teaching Adrian his days of the week we should be teaching him things like telling the difference between a men's restroom and a ladies restroom or that you should stop at a stop sign to be safe. It kind of turned into a thing where we were discussing whether or not he should be taught to read right now or not. I want Adrian to read, I think he's capable and he loves letters. The question is will he just memorize the words or will he really understand the meaning behind the words? I just didn't know what to say or think, I guess I wasn't prepared for that. I just assumed that the next step, since he knows all his letters and the sounds, that he would start to learn to read. Eventually we came to an agreement that the would add an extra goal, one for learning his sight words AND one for learning more functional skills. Basically it boils down to I want him to HAVE IT ALL! It was also a big joke that Adrian REALLY likes girls. He cuddles up next to girls, he approaches girls in the hallway, he tries to cuddle with all the female teachers. His teacher made the comment that they were having some college girls coming in to help in that classroom and that Adrian ¡°was going to just love that!¡± They were all talking about how lovable he is and even when he's having a rough day it makes it so much easier because he's such a loving and sweet boy. Music to my ears. When I receive the actual IEP in paper I will post his goals. I wish I would have done more research on what I wanted his goals to be before I went so maybe our goals can help someone in the future. They had to make some changes to the IEP so I didn't get a copy yet.I have a few friends that question whether or not true and deep intimacy is possible between members of the opposite sex, even husbands and wives. Oh, sure, husbands and wives can share closeness, friendship, a strong emotional bond --- but can they be as intimate as two women friends? As vulnerable with one another? As understanding? As capable of sharing thoughts and feelings? As emotionally close? As willing to share the bad, as well as the good? When I was a new mother, I craved friendship with other mothers, and I enjoyed a level of intimacy with women that I'd never experienced before. It was a deep fellowship, a sharing of this overwhelming new adventure that had completely captured us. It was to my friends that I was able to admit a few "dark nights of the soul". At one point, I felt that maybe it was wrong for my fairly new friends to know me, the real me, so much better than my husband did, so I attempted to let him know how profound the experience of motherhood was for me. Unfortunately, we both ended up frustrated. He simply couldn't handle the fact that I was not only and always happy about every aspect of motherhood. He didn't want to hear about sleep deprivation, about the numbing mindlessness of many days, about changing two dozen diapers in just 24 hours. He also didn't want to hear that I sometimes went in just to see my sleeping baby (during those rare moments when he slept) and wept with joy at his beauty. He strongly suggested I needed more time with my women friends. He also wondered if my reaction to motherhood was normal. To him, it was all wacky and disturbing. Couldn't life just return to normal?  Today's menu: peanut butter and jelly graham cracker sandwich, apple juice, fruit cup (peaches), milk I could barely eat this meal so I didn't. And then I was deliriously ravenous driving to get my little one. And then it got worse. I got sick when I got home. I can't say what exactly did it. Whether it was the lunch (I ate only half of one sandwich) or the not eating enough (also family history of vertigo) or taking a vitamin towards the end of the day without much in my stomach or just plain getting sick.... I feel better now. I probably didn't eat enough. You know, I think I'm going to pack a lunch for tomorrow. In general I don't look at the lunch menu for a extra "surprise," but I can't do it after this night in the bathroom. I can't make my husband do all the work two nights in a row. Until I feel better I'm doing the BRAT diet (bananas, rice, applesauce, toast) and I'm sure none of those foods are on the menu. I noticed a LOT of kids with packed lunches today. Maybe they knew something I didn't. *** Earlier in the day I asked the kids what they thought of the lunch. Some ate it and said they thought it was "good." A couple kids did not eat it. Tons of packed lunches though. Maybe 20%? Trust me, that's a lot. I asked a couple kids if they ate the peaches and they looked at me strangely and said, "no." I don't think they even opened the packages. *** I took a photo of the nutritional facts. Each sandwich was 318 calories. Because the other food items haven't listed the calories, I never knew. Looking at the calories made it hard for me to choke this one down. I'd like to have a comprehensive list of links on the side of the blog so that people interested in school lunches, nutrition, food politics, food journalism, food service, foodies, mommy meal planners, school gardeners, school lunch companies, etc. But I don't have time to hunt each of you down and figure out your blog URL, etc. If you want to have a link in a new list to the side of the blog, please comment below with your blog's name, URL and how it might possibly relate to the discussion we have as a community around school lunches. I'll add and update the link list slowly over time (you know, when I get some!) Thanks! My favourite olympians are speed skaters Catriona Lemay Doan and Susan Auch. Actually I love our whole women's speed skating team to pieces! These women inspired me so much at the Nagano olympics that I started speed skating soon after. Susan Auch also has asthma. Oh yes, and all of Canada is pretty enamoured with mogul skier Alexandre Bilodeau at the moment. He and his brother, who has CP, seem to totally feed off each other for inspiration, I love it! I have more, and frankly they're all fantastic but Catriona and Susan are my top! PS Kyra and Amy, a couple of my fave American bloggers have expressed their total bewilderment at the sport of curling. Yes, it's totally a weird sport but in Canada it's one of those weird-but-normal things. I had no idea it was such a thing. How's Miss Sidekick's project coming?It's been a busy time -- we just returned from Florida, and I'm headed to Atlanta for a few days and then off to DC to the Political Action Summit the Alzheimer's Association is having. I'm doing it pretty much alone (traveling alone) but since my wonderful son in Washington DC I know he will look out for me. I need to remember to pace myself though as I get so tired so quickly. I'm anxious to get to DC to see many of my Alzheimer's friends -- I "talk" to them a lot over email but it will be nice to see everyone and see how they are doing. And, the staff is so great and accommodating that it will be nice to see them as well. Our state delegation will be heading to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to see our legislators and to ask for more money for research. There is so much more to be done. I'll try to post while I'm away.I feel so ignorant about nutrition. My formal education about nutrition began and ended studying the food pyramid in 8th grade. I guess it's just assumed that after minimal instruction, school children know everything about food, what to eat and how to make it. My informal education began much earlier: being bombarded with commercials from food companies and fast food vendors side-by-side with diet fads and obesity in the popular media. My readers (you!) really ask some terrific questions that I don't have the answers to (thankfully lots of other commenters do). But it bothers me that I can't answer these basic questions about nutrition (and school lunches) so I'm taking a crash course: I checked out a bunch of interesting books at the library. Here's what I'm going to attempt to read over the next couple months (in my spare time): You are a special breed of mom. You were hand-selected to parent a most fascinating and positively wonderful child. Your child may be trying at times, but they are remarkable in spite of it. Your child may require extra attention, extra study, extra love, but you have all of that to give and more. You are a special breed of mom because you were chosen to parent a special child, an ADHD child. You are a supermom because you are right here reading this, spending time looking for answers for your ADHD child and sharing a bit of yourself to help others. I applaud you. Keep your chin up and know that you were meant for this extraordinary job and you absolutely have the strength to give your unique child what they need -- love. Lots of love. This, my friends, is a standing ovation in your honor.I haven't been keeping up with the blog very well. I've been spending much less time on the computer than I used to but thought I could update real quick. Adrian's IEP meeting is this coming Friday. I'm always nervous for these and generally have a very ¡°emotional¡± week during his IEP meeting weeks. We'll see, last year it went very smoothly. School is going great, his teacher is amazing. I really wasn't sure at the beginning of the year but he's made more progress these last few months than he has ever made. He's chugging right along, he can read some simple sentences, he can say anything that we ask him to say but spontaneous conversation isn't there yet, he can write his name. His stimming is still wildly out of control and he can't sit still. His teacher had me fill out a paper for the Conner's scale to see about possible ADHD. We've always thought he may have ADHD as well and we have talked to a developmental pediatrician about that and he had told us they don't like to diagnose ADHD until at least first grade. It seems like the teacher is really hoping we can talk to his doctor about this possibility and see if there is anything we need to do to help him in this area. We're going to talk about this more at the IEP and we'll probably be scheduling a visit to the doctor and possibly the Iowa State University hospital to look into this more if we need to. The girls are good. I took Nevaeh to the art center the other day and she loved it. Her favorite thing by far was painting. She also made a necklace and played in shaving cream. There was a lady sitting in there playing a keyboard for the kids and she was holding a cute fuzzball of a dog. Nevaeh loved that. Usually Nevaeh is scared of dogs but this one was so tiny and quiet so Nevaeh was actually petting it which surprised me. Sanura got her report card. She's doing very very well. Her teacher made a note that Sanura was doing better socially but needed to ¡°use her time wisely¡± Sanura wasn't sure what she meant by that so we talked it over and hopefully she understands that she needs to be staying on task. The only part I saw that was concerning was Sanura's subtraction factsÿI guess she's having trouble with that so we'll be practicing that at home. Sanura always gets very good marks in music. She loves to sing and she's good at it too. I'm trying to come up with a way to help her expand on that and practice that more since it's something she seems to enjoy so much and something that she's good at. Mister Lincoln got another hair cut today. He was so good, barely moved throughout the whole thing. He's talking more and more. He's even saying a few sentences now, the other day he actually told me ¡°Open the door!¡± I was kind of surprised by that one!I enjoy reading everyone's comments so much. You educate me about school lunches because many of you know much more than I do. You share personal experiences that inspire me to continue. You encourage me. Thank you! It seems like there needs to be an outlet for you to share your thoughts with the small "community" of blog readers. I'm going to open a thread for you to share something with the readers. If you have a question for me, please continue to email me directly, but if you have a question for the readers, put it here. I moderate comments older than 3-4 days and I am proud to say I have only had to delete one (it was spam). I'm not afraid of negative commentary, but please don't be hateful. Great discussions include opinions from all. If the open thread is popular, in the future I'll give you a specific topic to discuss. But for the first open thread, you can decide what to chat about. Happy weekend! We had our meeting at school on Friday to discuss some ideas that I could use at home to encourage communication. I did get some good ideas. One of them is having a picture of each person in the family and showing Adrian the pictures and telling him for example, ¡°Go say ¡®Hi¡¯ to Nevaeh¡± and Adrian is supposed to go over to Nevaeh and say ¡°Hi Nevaeh¡±ÿ.he¡¯s doing this at school. It¡¯s harder to accomplish at home, I think I need to bribe him with Skittles like his teacher does at school! LOL We WILL get the hang of this! He¡¯s doing it great at school so I know he¡¯s capable.Call me crazy, but I'm not worried about my health. The other meals I eat during the average day are healthy. I have the money to make good meals for my family that are from fresh and frozen ingredients, many organic. So I actually think it's funny that people are concerned about me. Thank you, I'm doing fine (and it's only day 10). Also I really don't have lofty goals for my cash-strapped district's limited resources. I simply want school administration to be more reflective about what they are serving the children they don't want to fall "behind" (NCLB inside joke). I mean, would it hurt the district's meal planners to offer the occasional yogurt to the kids? I want less pre-fab food and higher quality options. Less crap, you know? My husband enjoys watching old government films for laughs. He's the kinda guy that trolls the Prelinger Archives for old gems (like "How to keep a job" -1949). Most of the films are pretty campy. Anyway, he told me about a government film about school lunch made in 1966 entitled "It happens every noon." There are so many things wrong about this film (too many to list) so please do not think I endorse anything related to this movie in terms of subject matter. That aside it did gave me some insight into the beginnings of National School Lunch program and what students ate in the 1960's. Sadly it looks like school lunches have gone downhill in the past 40 years. Sometimes real life has a way of interfering with life on the internet. There's been a lot of that going around lately. And sometimes it seems as if there is nothing much to say. And there's been a lot of that lately too. I'm hoping that, on the other side of all this stuff going on, that maybe I'll have a whole slew of posts about how, yes, His grip on me really was way, way stronger and more sure than my grip on Him. And maybe I'll even be able to share a little bit of what that looked like.Speaking of diagnosing autism: it seems not just every state, but every country, city, town, hamlet or nation has their own criteria for diagnosing autism. The definition is so blown out of porportion autism label is becoming a total sham. Well, not total. There are really people with autism from severe to higher functioning, but one thing is for sure: there is an epidemic of overdiagnosing people with autism. I just saw a video on YOU TUBE titled: autism spectrum seems out of control. Watch it: it makes you think also go to you tube and type in autism self injury if your child is suffering from this type of behaviorÿalso, make sure your child is tested for things like Fragile X, Celiac Disease and other things before your doctor slaps the autism label on your child! Lastly, do NOT let your school diagnose your child, they aren't qualified. Nor is the average pediatrician or even neurologist half the time. Then again, some people are so over enthusiatic to diagnose autism, even the people that should know better are screwing up. You can't diagnose a kid after a 20 minute office rooom observation. A good doctor rules out other conditions that could be causing regression or autistic like features and tendencies. Unfortunately, that's not being done these days. Kids are being diagnosed with aspergers and autism after 15 minute doctor visits. Docs aren't even asking historical background or running genetic tests or blood tests , allergy tests, urine tests, cat scans, etcÿto check out if something else is going onÿ. Today's lunch: Spaghetti with meat sauce, green beans, a breadstick, chocolate milk, and a blue-raspberry icee thing. As far as school lunches go, this one is pretty good. The meat sauce over penne was passable and the green beans were ok too. I ate all of main stuff, but I only took one bite of the breadstick, which was too chewy yet semi-hard, and the blue raspberry thingy....I took one suck and knew it was not for me. Of course I drank all the chocolate milk. School lunch at my school/workplace always comes in these strange little packages. I have to say that it is very hard to open them. I have to stab them with the spork multiple times. The only reason I mention that is that if you have fine motor issues, it would take you awhile to get everything open. The kids get 20 minutes to eat including getting through line and clean up. The school feeds many hundreds of students. There are multiple lunch periods. The lunch ladies are friendly and hard-working. It's a very busy cafeteria. In our culture, we often get criticized for making assumptions based on people's appearances. To some extent, it can be wrong, judgmental, and prejudicial. But, in other cases, we do it all the time. One of my sons, for example, is a very hard worker. It is obvious to almost everyone who meets him. His body is that of a man well experienced with good, old-fashioned, masculine labor. No one with a lick of sense could look at him and wrongly assume him to be some sort of typical teenager huddled in his room playing video games all day. In fact, people who meet him often ask me, "What kind of work does he do?" and then they nod, with an "Of course!" when they hear my answer. I teach martial arts. When people walk into the dojo, I'm usually not surprised to discover, once they join our class, how well they can or can't handle the physical effort required, or how willing they are to work hard. Hard work and exercise has an entirely different impact on our bodies --- and their appearance --- than does a soft, easy lifestyle involving minimal effort. As one of my students asked me early on, "If I was already working hard, do you think I would look like this?" One of the things I like about what I do is that I get to see formerly self-described lazy people "get off their duff" and leave their sedentary ways behind. Although I don't stress nutrition as much as I probably should, it's always rewarding to see my students realize that, if they are going to work hard, they need to start giving their bodies healthier "fuel". Whenever the topic of weight loss or gluttony or obesity or related issues comes up, it seems that there is always someone, or several someones, in the group who try to derail the conversation from being about healthy living, the benefits of exercise, the obesity health crisis, the sin of gluttony, or whatever, and turn it into an excuse as to why we should not be concerned with any of those matters. Here are some typical misinformed statements that I've grown weary of hearing trotted out again and again. I've worded them a bit more dramatically and amusingly than they usually are, just to keep the boredom at bay. 1. People are getting thinner and thinner and it's unhealthy! People have no idea what a real woman or real man is supposed to look like! Sorry, but no. Read this. It turns out the exact opposite is true. Yes, Americans are getting taller, but their weight gain is way out of proportion. Quite alarming. 2. Marilyn Monroe, that epitome of female beauty and all that is feminine and wonderful, that woman who should be every woman's role model, would be considered fat by today's ridiculous standards. Why, she wore a dress size 16! We know she was 5' 5 1/2" tall and that her weight ranged from 118 - 140. Hardly fat by today's standards. In 2002, the average American woman was 5' 4" and weighed 164.3 pounds, which makes Marilyn Monroe quite slender, if not downright skinny, in comparison. As for the dress size myth, read this. 3. It only takes a few more calories over the course of a person's lifetime to make him obese. Why, all he needs to do is eat two bites of a sandwich more than some skinny guy. That's hardly gluttony. Usually there is some goofy math involved here, like the one guy whose arithmetic assumed a man was born at his full adult weight and then gained only 50 pounds over his 50 years of life. Yeah, right. The sad truth is that gluttons often have no idea how much they really eat, or how horribly much more food that is than normal, healthy people eat, or how horribly much more food it is than they really need. I know...from sad personal experience. 4. Just because I don't want to control my eating and don't want to exercise and don't want to do anything to improve my health doesn't mean I'm lazy! You have no idea how busy I am! To that, I have three replies, in the form of anecdotes... My husband and I went to excellent elementary and secondary schools and then we graduated from college. Although we both have had no formal education or training in nutrition, we have a basic grasp of healthy food and how to nourish our bodies and those of our littlest family member too. We would be considered "middle class" by most Americans, but if you compare us to the rest of the world, we are in the top 3-5% of income worldwide and our standard of living is high (we have all basic necessities met as well as lots of fun extras). Consider that half of the world's population subsists on less than $1 per day and you get really happy about your life if you live in America. Through my "middle class" eyes, some of the meals offered to the children at my school make me wonder, but then again I have no training in nutrition (just an interest). All I can say is that I wouldn't want my toddler eating the school lunches. Lucky for us because of our socio-economic status we can make sure that our little one gets the best possible food either at the best possible school or through meals we pack for him at home. Some have asked what the kids think of the meals. Well, they always try to say something positive about the food. I hear "good" or "great." I'm thinking that if they didn't like it, they just don't answer. Overall, none of the kids want to sit around and discuss their lunches. I don't pry because I know that for some, the school lunch is their best (or only) meal of the day. What do they know about food? Can they have an opinion if they can't compare the meal to anything? For example, at different times over this past weekend I prepared catfish, edamame, swiss chard, rice, rolls, avocado, eggs, sausage, and bacon for my family for various meals. Socio-economic status makes it hard for these kids to experience food in the way that "rich" people like us get to. So when these students are given food, they just say "thank you." A couple weeks ago Jason Croft of Sidetrack contacted me and requested an interview. I decided to do it. You can find the podcast of my interview with him here: http://will.illinois.edu/sidetrack February 2010 Before you click: * The interview starts around minute 5:00 and lasts about 10 minutes. * I was very nervous and so I stumble a lot! I am not a professional speaker and the project had only just begun. * When we chatted, I said my least favorite meal was pizza or hot dogs... But by that early point in the project I had yet to eat the PB&J, which is unequivocally the worst so far. * You can hear my toddler very, very faintly in the background off and on after minute 12:20. I was so focused on chatting that I didn't realize it. I worry about memories -- I know they are going to become more distant to me. I was thinking about this over the weekend -- we were telling Alan and Jennifer what we used to do before they were born -- i.e. make pizza dough from scratch, not use shortcuts while preparing dinner, etc. But, today, I was cleaning out some things from Alan's bedroom and I ran across something Alan did in the 6th grade -- it is his "autobiography". You can just imagine if he did it in the sixth grade how interesting it is!!! I had to take time out of cleaning and sit down and read it. I laughed....I cried.....I realized how much I didn't remember......I understood how important some little things we used to do were to Alan.....and I actually saw a glimpse of the man he is today. I'll keep this forever -- what a treat to find.Today's menu: Hamburger, wheat buns, tator tots, fruit jello, chocolate milk. I ate everything. The patty was how do you say nothing like any hamburger I have ever eaten. Mystery meat in every sense. I also really wanted more than just six tator tots. The fruit cup was NOT FROZEN, so I ate it. I also drank the chocolate milk, which was ok. I normally don't drink milk at lunch. So now that I've added a lunchtime milk, I've noticed some interesting changes. I'm getting a little lactose-intolerant in my old age. This lunch was better than other lunches in that there was more protein and I wasn't as desperately hungry after school like I have been in the past. But overall it still isn't enough for the kids who eat this one meal at school and that's it for the whole day. There is significant poverty at my school and some of the kids are very thin (and others are very, very chunky). No matter what size you are you should be able to eat healthy at school. I am a mother of a daughter with SID my husband also has suffered with severe ADD his entire life. Many people have told me my daughter probably has ADD as well. Its not that we dont want to have a doctor diagnose our daughter with ADD we just dont want the medications that go with it, in many cases parents are forced to give there children. But, since my daughter has been working with an OT she has truly showed quite the improvement. Her attention span has increased, her speach, her activity leavel is much closer the average child than before, and even her memory and interaction with people has improved. Even my husband has tried some strategies suggested by the OT and has felt better in his own body since doing so. He to has seriouse sensory issues though he is not diagnosed with SID he exibits many of the same sensory quarks my daughter does. As a mother and a wife I have seen great strides in both my daughter and husband with simple OT and no medication. I can first handedly see the link between ADD and SID.Hi there, I'm 18 years old and when I was 15 I finally had surgery on my problem. Like you I had been through various procedures, none of which aleviated the pain. It made eating such an issue for me, especially as I suffered from it through most of my childhood. Although suffering with it at any age is horrible. I had keyhole surgery, after suggesting it could be Achalasia and the surgery has saved my life literally. I had lost so much weight, and I had had balloon dilation, endoscopys and other unpleasant procedures. I can't stress enough how important it is to suggest this to your doctors. I can now eat and drink with no problems, a fact that I am eternally grateful for. Good Luck.Even though, in most cases, obesity can be prevented or reversed by healthy eating and by exercise or physical work, I think it is wrong to assume, just by looking at an obese person, that he is a lazy glutton, given to excess eating and inactivity. If we don't know this person, we will most likely be entirely right about what made him obese in the first place, but we shouldn't assume that he has not already repented from this lifestyle. For example, take the picture that started the obesity discussion on the Bayly Blog. It's impossible to ignore that the man on the right is quite obese and seems pleased, even proud of the fact. He seems delighted to point out his resemblance to a pregnant woman. His condition --- which would be alarming if we had not already become so used to seeing obese men in our culture --- has gone way beyond a "few extra pounds" or a "little flab around the middle" that we might be able to blame on stress or joyous feasting with family over the holidays. His situation, like that of way too many others, is far more grave and serious than that. However, it is wrong, if we don't know this man and his history, to assume that he is currently still overeating and not exercising and/or working enough. When we see people in his condition, we don't always know what they were like some months back. For instance, I recently met a woman who is obese but who is also, at least for the past six months or so, one of the hardest working, most sensible eaters I've ever met. No one would guess it to look at her --- unless they had seen what she looked like six months ago. It was suggested by a close friend that I add Google AdSense to the blog and then donate the proceeds to a Farm to School initiative or another group. I'm getting enough traffic here that I could raise a couple hundred dollars per month just based upon people landing on the site (clicking not required). Although I like the idea of donating to a worthy cause, I don't feel comfortable adding ads to the blog. To me having ads undermines the whole point of what I'm doing as an individual to raise awareness. On the other hand, giving money to something that does agree with the tenets of the blog is appealing. But then who would I choose and should I rotate on a monthly basis to various agencies.... I'd like to have a "show of hands" of my readership so I'm going to add a poll to the right-hand side of the blog. You are welcome to comment as well. Today is the 5th anniversary of my brother Sam's death. This blog entry was slightly modified from something I wrote soon after losing him. What do you say about someone you could never have imagined living without? Sam was always there, since my earliest memories. He was more than a big brother; he was one of the biggest influences in my life. Sam was my teacher. He helped teach me to read, taught me to play with Legos, taught me to fish, to ride a bike, to climb trees, to cook creatively and adventurously, to do all sorts of fun and wonderful things. But he taught me so much more---to enjoy reading, and to have a bizarre sense of humor, and to be who I am today. Sam was my protector. and defender. He fought off bullies and, when they got to me before he could stop them, Sam was quick to execute justice on my behalf. I always felt safe with Sam. He wasn't just my bodyguard; he protected me emotionally as well. He was all a big brother should be. Sam was my hero. As a little sister, I thought he was simply amazing---brilliant and capable and strong and brave. I still think that, especially after watching him fight his own personal ¡°Battle of Helm's Deep¡±---his courageous struggle to conquer his insidious cancer. Sam was my friend. Not just a friend, not just a good friend---for many years, he was my best friend, the one who knew all my childish secrets, the one I could depend on without fail. As children, we were so inseparable and so bonded that we even invented our own language. As adults, we shared an apartment and enjoyed each other's company so much that people sometimes thought we were a married couple. Sam brought a tremendous amount of joy to my life. He could make me laugh like no one else could. I could talk for days---no, for the rest of my life---about all the fun adventures we had over the years. In our adult life, Sam and his wonderful wife Joan gave me the great joy of being an aunt to three of the most terrific, beautiful children in the world: Brendan, Emily, and Quentin. Sam also, to be honest, broke my heart. The first time was when I was three years old, and he refused my proposal of marriage. Everyone who knows Sam knows he wasn't perfect. I don't think Sam ever intended to hurt me in any way, but when you really love someone, heartbreak is unavoidable. And now...while my heart is still seemingly broken beyond repair at losing my wonderful older brother five years ago, I know that in the end, God will wipe away every tear from our eyes, and we will be together forever in a glorious place where there is no more sorrow, no more cancer, no more goodbyes, no more grief, and no more death. See you forever, Sam. Thank you for being such a wonderful big brother. I'll never forget. I spoke last night to a really nice group of women at the local Pilot Club. The work with a program called Project Lifesaver International. Project Lifesaver International helps provide rapid response to save lives and reduce potential for serious injury for adults and children who wander due to Alzheimer's, Autism, Down Syndrome, dementia and other related disorders. For more information you can go to www.projectlifesaver.org. This program is provided nationwide. I'd like to thank the ladies there for welcoming me to their meeting last night. In a few weeks I'll be going to Washington DC for the Alzheimer's Action Summit Advocacy Forum. If any of you that read this blog are going, please let me know as I would love to meet you. The conference is designed for advocates across the nation to meet with their national legislators. For more information you can go to www.alz.org/summit/forum_about.aspYesterday, May 6, 2009, I went to bed elated by the news that the Dodgers made history. Just 10 hours later, I woke up disheartened by the news that Manny Ramirez was suspended for 50 games due to testing positive for an MLB banned substance. I then proceeded to comfort eat. I ate two muffins with a side of frosted flakes. I now feel puffy. ESPN is reporting that they have received information from two sources that the banned substance Manny tested positive for is human chorionic gonadotropin. HCG is a fertility drug typically used by steroid users coming off the juice that aids in replenishing testosterone levels in the testicles. As we've all learned by now, testosterone is depleted by steroid use, and low testosterone can cause erectile dysfunction. (Insert inappropriate Mannywood joke here). But it should be noted that HCG can also be used in lieu of steroids because of its testosterone boosting effect which can boost performance. Still bad. In his statement, Ramirez said: "I want to apologize to Mr. McCourt, Mrs. McCourt, Mr. Torre, my teammates, the Dodger organization, and to the Dodger fans. LA is a special place to me, and I know everybody is disappointed. So am I. I'm sorry about this whole situation." And if it isn't bad enough for baseball, Tom Verducci from SI.com closed his article with this staggering fact: "Ramirez ranks 17th on the all-time home-run list with 533. Eight of those top 17 home run hitters played in what is commonly referred to as the Steroid Era. And six of those eight modern-day sluggers have been associated with performance-enhancing drugs: Barry Bonds, Sammy Sosa, Mark McGwire, Rafael Palmeiro, Rodriguez and Ramirez. The only modern sluggers to have escaped such a connection are Ken Griffey Jr., Frank Thomas and Jim Thome." Am I enraged? No. Cheating in baseball has been around for as long as the sport has been around. This latest form of cheating is a direct result of where we are socially. I've said it many times before but it is worth repeating here and now. We're all looking for a quick fix to be stronger, to look younger, to perform better and to cure what ails us. Performance enhancing drugs are, unfortunately, the evolution of cheating that mirrors the evolution of the pharmaceutical society that we've become. So, no, I am not enraged. I'm just sad and disappointed. Below is an excerpt from my book Safe at Home: Confessions of a Baseball Fanatic. This excerpt appears in the chapter entitled, "Cheating Through The Ages," and I thought it was appropriate to post today. Please leave your comments. I always enjoy reading them. "Okay, I'm just gonna lay this out here: Cheating in baseball has been around for a long time. Pretty much since the game began there have been stolen signs, spitballs, corked bats, greenies, and any number of other methods to get ahead. It was only after all that when the current era of swollen necks and bulging home run totals was ushered in. So much for baseball's innocence. The difference between the past and the present is that today's cheating is happening off the field. It's happening in locker rooms and bathroom stalls instead of on the basepaths and the pitcher's mound. Personally, I can't figure out how anyone can say that one form of cheating is "better" than another. Can't we just say that they're all bad rather than trying to find ways to show that the past was full of decency and the present is full of deception? I'm a big believer in individual responsibility. Baseball cheaters should be punished. Punished, yes, but not destroyed. It was true when Shoeless Joe Jackson and the rest of the Black Sox disappointed a nation, and it's true now, for the guys looking for an edge by using the needle. The real problem with steroids is that the baseball commissioner, Bud Selig, and the Major League Baseball Players Association didn't nip it in the bud (no pun intended) early on. For years both sides opposed testing with little sense of the toll that this position would take on the game. Their negligence turned a problem into an epidemic, leaving an entire era of stats in question. Home runs, hits, and attendance were up, and that meant more money for teams and the league, which meant more money for players, which meant more money for the union. Take all those financial incentives together, and suddenly no one is in a hurry to regulate anything. Yet even though there are a lot of people responsible for the steroid era there are very few who've actually stepped up and admitted their part in it. And that's what I have a problem with. Barry Bonds is undoubtedly one of the greatest players ever. You know what? I didn't have as much of a problem with the idea of him cheating as I did with the possibility that he lied about it. In contrast, there are guys like Jason Giambi and Andy Pettitte, who simply came clean (inasmuch as Giambi could without violating the terms of his contract). And I totally respect their honesty. Yes, Giambi may have made some bad choices throughout his career, but I must admit, as a purist fan of baseball, I had a newfound respect for the man after he told the truth. I have compassion for anyone trying to do the right thing, anyone who may have had a slip of judgment and then recognized his or her mistakes. Maybe my biggest frustration with this issue is that Major League Baseball and the players union have yet to own up to their role in all this. A grand jury, a congressional committee, a tell-all book, and they have yet to apologize for their complacency. Before MLB can solve this issue it needs to recognize the problem and apologize for it. If any employee of any major entertainment corporation were to act inappropriately and offend or alienate his or her audience, the CEO would apologize on behalf of the company. Why is it so hard for Bud Selig to say, "I apologize for the steroid era. We made a mistake with our complacency, and we are taking the appropriate measures to make sure the future game of baseball is played with dignity and integrity." The fans, the players, the coaches -- everyone needs to close the book on this latest chapter, in the game's cheating history. As the latest in a long history of cheating episodes, it's our obligation to give it the attention it deserves and then move on. We owe it to ourselves and... we owe it to the game." Peace, Love, AND BASEBALL, Alyssa I have a child who is thirteen who has sensory intergration disorder and nnon verbal learnign disorder one of the most difficulty I am having istelling when she is sick. For example recently she got a double ear infection. I did not know until she had a 101 fever and was vomitting. she also does not relize when she is hurt. I have had to home school her because she is considered difficult to teach. Some teachers ask if I have had her tested for adhd and if so why have I not giving her medication. I provide documents on her condition and it does not seem to help.I married my best friend on Aug. 15 and I've truly never been happier. He is a beautiful person and I'm blessed to have found him. He does have one minor, itsy bitsy, flaw though -- he's a diehard Yankees fan. Ah well, no one's perfect. I've chosen to overlook this because he just makes me so damn happy. I know what your next question will be. I can hear you think it. "What if the Yankees play the Dodgers in the World Series?" you ask. I have no freaking clue. I may have to move back in with my parents for a while. Just writing that last sentence made me giggle. We will cross that bridge when we come to it. Please accept my apologies for not updating my blog in a while. Between my wedding, honeymoon and being in preproduction for "Romantically Challenged", I have had my hands full of excitement. Oh wait, did I tell you that "Romantically Challenged", was picked up for midseason? It was! This has been an overwhelming year. I am blessed. If you are going to be in the Chicago area on September 11th, please come see me here: FansEdge Store (at The Shops at Northbridge) 5 p.m. to 6 p.m. CT 55 E. Grand Avenue Now a question for all of you Dodger fans: What are your thoughts on getting Padilla, Sherrill, Belliard, Thome and Garland? Please leave your thoughts for me. For me, I think Ned Colletti has done a solid job of adding the depth. My concern (and if you remember, I've voiced this concern since the offseason) is that we won't get very far in the postseason without an ace to set the tone. Peace, Love, AND BASEBALL, Alyssa What did I learn during my time in "recovery"? * I like to thoroughly examine both sides of a story before making my own judgement. I know what Ana Bella is going through, why she thinks the way she does. I know what Mia Jessica's distorted reflection looks like in her eyes. Those connections make us kin in a way no other relationship can connect people. * For all their years and years of research and development, doctors, nurses, and therapists will NEVER understand the disordered mind if they have never lived it themselves. It appalls me to hear them say, "I understand what you're telling me..." Nothing infuriates me faster. No amount of study and research will qualify you to "understand" until you've lived through it. * I have a new respect for the self-control of my tongue, as well as self-control of my weight. I can retrain my mind and body to learn to play any game for a little while, tell you what you think you want to hear, show you what you think you want to see, if it gets me to my end. I can make you believe you have "healed" me. And I can be set free. I am free now. I believe I am ready to fly again.A study published in the December issue of the Annals of Rheumatic Disease describe what many people with who have had RA may already know; that new drugs and more aggressive treatment with these drugs has improved the health status of people with RA over the last 15 years. The Norwegian study surveyed almost 1,000 people with RA four times over a period of 10 years (1994-2004) and found that the health status of these patients consistently improved over that time, in terms of physical health, global health and pain. The believe that the improvement is the result of more aggressive early treatment and better access overall to drugs for patients, as well as closer management of the treatment regime by physicians. Another recent study from Spain also found that the best results come from more effective management of drug treatment, rather than access to new therapies. The team of researchers followed almost 800 patients in Spain from 2000-2004. The study, published online in Arthritis Research and Therapy concluded that while the clinical development of drugs has made great advances, it is the physician's management of the available drugs, old and new, that makes the most difference. The researchers in Spain found that clinical trial results tend to show levels of remission and halts in disease progression that are not enjoyed by patients in real life. The authors stated that this difference could be due to patients included in clinical trials being younger on average, having fewer comorbidities and being selected for trial because they have a higher level of disease activity than real-life patients. The authors found that real-life RA patients (with both severe and mild disease) improved in terms of disease activity, disability and radiological progression independently of the availability of new therapies. The study seemed to conclude that better management by doctors in the future, meaning better selection of patients for early biologic treatment, will improve patients' therapeutic response to treatment, their functional outcomes, and will improve cost-effectiveness of these drugs avoiding unnecessary prescriptions.Last October, my husband came down with a bad sinus infection that he just couldn't seem to shake. Doctors prescribed antibiotics in increasing strength. We tried to figure out what was going on in my husband's body that had compromised his immune system to such a degree, and that was rendering him weaker and weaker by the days. He was gripped with extreme fatigue and only his willpower, determination, and incredible work ethic enabled him to drag himself to work. Evenings, he would come home and collapse on the couch or in bed. We tried this treatment and that. Sought an assortment of specialists in and out of mainstream medicine. To make a long story short, we now have a diagnosis: panhypopituitarism due to a pituitary adenoma. What this means is that a rather large benign tumor has squished my husband's pituitary gland to the point that it is pretty much failing to function...which means the endocrine system is following suit. On April 9, a skilled neurosurgeon will remove the tumor. We'd like to hope that pituitary function will return, but he has told us that this is not likely. Through this trial, I have grown to respect and admire my husband all the more. We have actually managed, despite his exhaustion and health problems, to enjoy each other's company. In many ways, we are closer than ever. We have even found lots of things to laugh about. Our family has faced another trial as well. As a friend of mine used to say dramtically, "we have been passing through deep waters". We have not quite yet reached the shore. It may take a long, long while. God is faithful. Amazingly so. In extremely tangible and practical ways, as well as in secret ways that only one's heart can know. All that stuff about Jesus never leaving us nor forsaking us, about His being made strong through our weakness, about those who wait upon the Lord renewing their strength? It's all true. More than I could have ever hoped. I probably could not have taken on this project if I didn't have a nice long summer break in the middle of the year. I'm looking forward to eating lunches I prepare myself. However... I'm thinking about doing some kind of extension of the project over the summer. I am definitely going to do some kind of "cleanse" in June. Nothing crazy, but more of a "30 days of whole foods." It would be fun to travel to a country where school is in session and see what they are eating. That would be hard to swing, but it would be so interesting. Or I could try to make a healthy lunch every day for the cost of a school lunch $2.92 (per the School Nutrition Association). The average school lunch program gets reimbursed at $2.68, leaving a shortfall. I think I could make a healthy lunch for $1.00 per day. Have any ideas for what I should do over the summer? You guys are so creative. I've been playing around with Twitter quite a bit of late. While it's been fun and all, I have to admit that I was beginning to wonder what the fuss was all about. Then... I discovered that Twitter can be a quick, almost instant, way to track breaking news stories -- both from professional news sources and from eyewitnesses. It's a way to track stories that our US media tends to ignore, such as the alarming persecution against Christians in India, North Korea, Saudia Arabia, and elsewhere. And it's a way to discover what the latest buzz is, whether it's angry Prop 8 protests or some new video game. The local feature makes things interesting. I can read "tweets" from my particular area. I like the idea that the Twitter platform doesn't allow longwindedness but, if you need more than 140 characters to say something, you can link to your blog. That also provides a great way to notify others, and be notified, of blog posts that are hot off the press. Let me know about your Twitter experiences. How do you use it? According to the calendar, winter is officially upon us. It began last week and will be with us for the next three months ? Ugh! The arrival of Ole Man Winter is a bitter/sweet for me; more bitter than sweet. While I appreciate the beauty of a fresh, crisp snowfall, I do not welcome the cold. As I sit here by the fire, typing this blog, the snow is falling outside of my windows. It began a short while ago. The large flakes have already created a white blanket completely covering the ground and the trees are outlined with snow on every branch. It is absolutely gorgeous! It is picture perfect scenery that I will enjoy for about two weeks. Then I want it to be warm again. The winter season confines me and limits my activities more than any other time of the year. It is the season that reminds me of the things I cannot do rather than the things I can do. Arthritis alone limits mobility, making every task a challenge. But when joint replacements, fusions and reconstructed limbs are factored in, the challenges increase. Having limited range of motion, decreased strength and the need for adaptive equipment makes the equation even more complicated. Then add icy, slippery conditions, and the combination becomes high risk.(TMI alert -- I revealed this in an upcoming interview so that's why I'm posting it a little ahead of time) I haven't told you another thing: Two years ago a gastroenterologist diagnosed me with IBS (he ran lots of tests so no need to suggest additional ones). It certainly wasn't a shock; something was up and my whole family has digestive issues. I control it with my normal diet just fine (avoiding caffeine, excessive fiber, eating fresh food, etc). And then... ....I started this project. I think the processed foods have caused a small increase in digestive issues. Nothing major, but every weekend I eat a plain diet to give my body a break. Keep in mind there is an emotional component of IBS. I'm a little stressed out so that upsets my system sometimes too. That's why it's so hard for me to pinpoint what exactly causes problems. I got a referral to a new gastro and I'm hoping to get some additional answers. I'll keep you guys updated. I'm really doing fine, but I just want to get another opinion. Welcome to my first blog! Allow me to introduce myself a bit and give you a little information about my background. In the mid-90s, I had just entered MTSU to study English with a minor in secondary education. In one of my first classes, we were required to give little speeches about an educational topic. I chose censorship. Someone else in my class chose ADD/ADHD. I wasn't really listening to her speech. At the time, I thought ADD/ADHD was just some disorder that allowed bad parents to medicate their children into submission. Then the student handed out a list of "ADHD traits." As I started reading them, I was surprised at how many of them fit me. In fact, it was as if someone had handed me a list describing ME! I immediately ran to the bookstore and picked up a copy of Driven to Distraction. At the time, it was one of the few books on Adult ADD/ADHD, even if it was located in the children's reference section. The more I read, the more I was convinced that I might have ADHD and I decided to get a diagnosis. I went to a specialist in Nashville, TN, and got my suspicions confirmed. Since that time, I have spent a good portion educating myself and others about ADHD. After graduating with my Bachelor's Degree, I taught high school English for a year before going back and getting my Master's Degree in Special Education. Most of my research was done on ADD/ADHD. I knew that I was on my way to becoming an expert when one of my special education teachers contacted me to help another student dealing with ADHD. As a special education teacher, I have always found it helpful to share my own insights with my students and parents about being ADHD. I understand it on a different level than most other teachers because I experience it on a day-to-day basis. I also strongly feel that ADHD is a gift. Like any gift, it comes with advantages and disadvantages. ADHD is a part of me and I refuse to accept that any part of me is "bad." Sure, I am not perfect and there are things I could improve, but that doesn't mean I'm planning to change who I am. I have also worked as an ADHD coach and as an advocate for others with ADHD.Hi. Yes, it's me, the sporadic blogger. I just felt like posting a little update today, partly to get things off my chest I suppose. Things have been, well, y'know, the same. Or worse. I'm not sure. Better actually, because I have been avoiding life like never before. Less anxiety because I haven't been shopping or done any cooking or cleaning or... anything. The cupboards are empty. Mr Man is starving. We've just been living off take-aways. But the counsellor said it's ok to avoid things that cause me anxiety, so that's ok. (?) Well, it did help with my anxiety for a while, but now I realise we have things to pay and I have wasted all our money, so long term it's kind of made things worse. Now I have to go back to managing the anxiety of shopping and cooking with the added anxiety of worrying about money. Some readers suggested ordering shopping online and having it delivered, which was a very good suggestion and I did try, but I had to register and fill in an online form which kind of brought on a panic attack and I haven't tried again since. I feel like a failure. All I can do is apologise to Mr Man over and over again, but it doesn't seem to mean anything. "I'm sorry" doesn't cover it. It doesn't do my feelings justice.I know I haven't posted in awhile -- hope everyone made it through the holidays o.k. Wanted to bring your attention to a few Alzheimer's related things coming up -- On Tuesday, January 12th the CBS Evening News with Katie Couric will air a 6 minute segment on Alzheimer's entitled "Where American Stands on Alzheimer's". A three generation family will be interviewed with two the generations diagnosed with the disease. I hope you will tune in to watch and let CBS know how much we appreciate them airing it! February 8th is Alzheimer's Awareness Day at the Capitol in Atlanta. We need everyone there -- here is a link to the Georgia Chapter's site for more information. Please make plans now to attend.I logged in to blog just now and it told me my last blog entry was Feb. 11. Terrible. Unacceptable. Gearing up for tour and recording the album, for me, doesn't involve a lot of gearing up at all, really. Brian flies to LA or New York, writes some songs, sends them to us and we write our parts. Lately it's rare that I see the whole band in the same room. When I do see band, we're in Bill's basement and usually there are only a few of us there at a time. I'm starting to feel...normal. I'm 24 living in Chicago, working at an English Pub downtown, just like so many other people. My fiance is on tour with a children's theatre in New York and I've found great homes with friends for my bunnies, so I have our place to myself. I wake up, work out (or teach spinning which I do 2 times a week), shower, put on my blacks, take the train to work, list the soup and sandwich of the day to uncaring diners, take the train home, put on a sweatshirt, eat dinner while I watch Battlestar Galactica (which has become my current obsession...a problem really) and go to bed. That is a typical day for me. Meanwhile, I get text messages from Bill that say we're on scrolling on the top of the homepage of MTVmusic.com (wrong picture too....sucks to be Packy and Chad) or emails from our manager, J.J., about crazy stuff that I'm not at liberty to speak of. It is all completely surreal. I read all of this usually while I'm at work, put my phone back in my apron (DON'T TELL MY MANAGER PLEASE) and then run a fish and chips and club sandwich to table 32. They ask for mayo. I get them their mayo. WHAT?! WHAT IS MY LIFE?! Despite all of the monotony of waking up, going to work, and then coming home, I really hold on to the exciting stuff that's brewing. I've called Brian (who in currently in LA writing) twice now needing to hear updates on things, just to remind myself that I Fight Dragons actually exists and I'm not crazy. I feel crazy. Often. This feeling, I expect, will stick around for quite some time. It will change slightly, but I bet money that in 2 months when we're on tour you'll read a blog from me that will say "There are thousands of people watching our show every night....WHAT IS MY LIFE?!" I'm soaking it up. Loving it? Ehhhh not so much, but I am very aware that I will look back on all of this fish and chips MTV nonsense fondly. Tomorrow I get to see (some) band!! Mike Mentzer, who was our original Green Lantern, is playing a free show at the Apple Store on Michigan Avenue tomorrow night (Friday) and a few of us are going. THEN Tally Hall and Jukebox the Ghost at Lincoln Hall with Mr. William Prokopow, and THEN hanging out with our new tour manager/awesome guy Charlie. Really looking forward to that. Well, I'm off to return to my life of normalcy. Tonight's agenda: dinner with my best friend and then I'm going to catch The Gentlemen's Club at the Darkroom on Chicago. I miss band. Laura It's very challenging to teach students when they are eating school lunches that don't give them the nutrition they need and deserve. Oftentimes what is served barely passes muster as something edible. And after a meal high in sugar and fat and low in fiber, they then must pay attention in a classroom. I'm going to attempt to eat school lunch everyday in 2010. As a teacher it's available to me as well for a few dollars. Most of the students at my school get free lunch or reduced. I'm going to take pictures of the school lunch and post them. Normally I shop for organic fruits and veggies. I avoid processed foods and food high in sugar and high fructose corn syrup, but I normally eat food brought from hom including leftovers, sandwich, or a "healthy" microwave meal for lunch with yogurt and a piece of fruit. The reason I'm eating school lunch every day is to raise awareness about school lunch food in America. Socialization and Independence. Those are the two main goals that are emphasized by the trainers for START, the grant funded, training series on educating youth with ASD that I'm attending. During a training session I learned about two concepts that can be used to help students assimilate into a classroom--especially a general education one rather than a self contained special education room. The two concepts are Accommodations and Modifications. It might seem that the two terms are interchangeable, but they are not. They are two distinct approaches to educating students with special needs. According to the manual I received, accommodations "are the supports and services that help students validly demonstrate student learning." Modifications "are individualized changes made to the content and performance expectations for students." So accommodating a students means doing something like giving a student a P-touch or a y-shaped pen to help with handwriting (as discussed in this post). It might be giving a student more time to complete a test or giving a student sound blocking headphones for times when classrooms get noisy or when fire drill/tornado drills are expected. There are quite a few different ways to accommodate a student with ASD. Here is a short list of possible accomodations: Adapting the way instruction is delivered (by pre-teaching and re-teaching, for example), Increasing the level of support for the student with ASD (via class tutors, peer to peer support or by placing the student in groups of students who can appropriately interpret the curriculum expectations, Giving preferential seating, Addressing sensory system needs, Organizing the desk/are where the student words, Providing visual strategies such as visual schedules. Modification basically means making the work more doable for the student with special needs with the intent that she or he does not become overwhelmed. For example, if a student can complete a multiple choice test, but has difficulty with too many choices, the number of choices can be reduced by blacking out two or three answers on the test for the child with ASD. Or with general classroom work, it might mean having the student complete selected sections of an assignment as opposed to having them complete all the work. Note: I hope that I explained everything clearly enough, but if you are confused, it is likely you are not alone. We trainees spent a great deal of time learning about these two concepts during our two-day training session. This included completing some exercises so that we could better differentiate between accommodations and modifications. Feel free to ask a question via the comment section and I'll do my best to answer it by consulting my manual or by asking someone else.Autistic Rights are Disability Rights are Human Rights. That was the topic of the primer I wrote when this blog started back in January. While autism makes us different, autistic rights is really about those things we all need, autistic or not, disabled or not, minority or not: food and shelter, respect and love, and empowerment to live our own lives in freedom, happiness, and health. This is the point I've hoped to make with each post, the perspective I've wished to share. The change I've wanted to initiate. It is deeply satisfying then that this blog itself will be changing to better reflect the AR = DR = HR equation, as autism-specific blogging merges into broader Disability Rights blogging at change.org in the future. This is As It Should Be. As far as my own future, I'll be doing some public blogging still (though with much, much, MUCH less frequency and after a short break) on ASAN's change.org blog (and who knows where else). I'll also be starting a new appointment with the Oregon Commission on Autism Spectrum Disorder (remember that?)--my first real experience with public service and something that would have been literally unimaginable to myself not so long ago. I'll be continuing my advocacy work with ASAN and SAAL. And primarily I'll be working on community based research with AASPIRE, which, believe it or not, has been my "day job" all along. Somewhere in all this, here's hoping I'll facilitate some change in the overall direction of better civil rights and quality of life. Thanks everyone for your time, your comments, and your insights. Keep pushing--keep making the world a better place for us all.I've been trying to get Joey to start eating more solid foods and boy, is it getting frustrating!! He's been doing so well with stage 3 gerber foods that I figured it was time to try new foods. He absolutely HATES those meltable puffs, the minute he sees them, he clamps his lips shut. Same with teething biscuits, except with them, he also starts crying. I had made myself Kraft Mac & Cheese for lunch yesterday (healthy huh?) and Joey was watching me with such curiosity that I figured, "what the heck, lets give it a try". So I took some and cut them up into small pieces and gave it a whirl. He has the idea down of chewing, but doesn't do it enough or strong enough to mash up his food. This morning I tried scrambled eggs but he decided he didn't like them. I even put ketsup on them hoping that would help. There has been other foods I've tried with him but he just isn't wanting anything but his canned baby food. Also, some new foods he just gags on. It's like he forgets to chew, he just wants to swallow his food the minute it hits his lips! His OT had me go out and buy those mesh things you can put food in for the baby to chomp on but he once again, throws a fit when I try to give it to him. Tonight I'm going to make something for dinner that I can put into the food processor and chop up for him to see if that works. I guess I'm just frustrated but I know I need to keep working with him and he'll eventually take to other foods. I just needed to vent to my fellow moms :)Sometimes it's easy to be transparent...up to a point. It's not that hard to 'fess up to things that others already know about us. But the hidden stuff we don't want to admit even to ourselves? Not so easy. Everything inside balks at real confession. We are too afraid, too stubborn, too prideful, too selfish, too full of deceit to want to agree with God over the depth of our sinfulness. To do so would break us. Utterly and completely. We fear that shattering, find it unnecessary, and prefer to minimize and rationalize our sin. But we have the assurance that our God will not despise a broken and contrite heart. It is only through seemingly irrepairable brokenness and grief, and the lowliest humility that accompanies such despair, that we can ever become truly whole. Only when we reach the utter end of ourselves will we be able to truly rejoice in the amazing scandal of grace. I've been doing a lot of thinking about what changes would make school lunch better for students. Here's what I've got so far (I might be shooting for the moon here): 1) Commit to offering pizza only once per month and removing hot dogs from the menu. 2) Offer a piece of fruit at every meal in place of a fruit cup, fruit juice or icee. The fruit part of the meal should be actual fruit and it should be sliced so that kids can grab it and eat it. 3) Allow parents, educators, and students access to nutritional information for each meal. It can be online. 4) Offer greens (spinach, salad, etc) in a salad bar to students every day and educate them on how to make a salad. 5) Remove pre-packaged items (bagel dogs, peanut butter sandwiches, cheese sandwiches, etc) from the menu and replace with casseroles, soups, wraps, or fresh-made PB&Js (all of which are cost-efficient and can be made in very large batches). 6) Commit to a 50% to 75% reduction of plastic/paper containers and remove all styrofoam from the cafeteria. Install dishwashers in all schools (like it used to be). 7) Offer more options geared towards students with allergies and intolerances (lactose, wheat, nut, etc). Might as well educate students on what "lactose intolerant" means and what "allergy" means so they can be on the look-out. 8) Every school has a fully operational kitchen with dishwasher and cooking staff. If it means hiring more workers, let's think of it as a "stimulus plan." It's worth it not to truck in all of this stuff. 9) Every school incorporates new nutrition-based cooking curriculum to students of all ages and requires the students to enter the kitchen and learn basic snack and meal prep. Even pre-schoolers can spread peanut butter or soy-nut butter on celery and put little raisins on top. 10) Teach students where their food comes from by taking a trip to a farm or planting a school garden so that they can be invested in food and have an experience in DIRT! "Dirty" is not a bad word. 11) Actively incorporate recycling into the school program and instruct students on how to recycle and what can be recycled and why it's important. What do you want for students' lunches? I'm going to write a School Lunch Bill of Rights based on my thoughts and your feedback/ideas. You should know that my job is on the chopping block just like so many educators. So even if I don't lose my job for the blog, I still could be shown the door because they don't have money to pay me. Right now all over the country school administrators and principals are making some very difficult decisions. Cost cutting measures include: laying off all administration and ancillary staff including secretaries, assistant principals, reading specialists, curriculum coordinators, nurses, classroom aides, etc; closing pre-school programs, gifted programs, art, music, computer class, and extra-curriculars because they are not required by law; making kindergarten half-day thereby consolidating classrooms; offering early retirement to older, expensive teachers; letting go new teachers and closing their classrooms; and increasing class sizes to 40. Have you ever seen a classroom with 40 students? I have... on multiple occasions. It's chaos. How does even the most talented teacher manage the behavior of 40 (small) people? I couldn't imagine leaving my child with 40 kids and one person. And that person would be in charge of educating my kid? Yeah, right. It's called bad babysitting. Read: Reduce Class Size Now and Class Size Matters Research has found that for kids K-3 they need a teacher:student ratio of 1:20 (or less) to learn effectively. Many wealthy districts already provide classrooms that size. The classrooms at my school are already in the 1:30 range. Have you ever met a kid walk into kindergarten without any preschool experience and no prep or support at home? Yeah, I have... these kids haven't been read to, don't come from a print-rich environment, and don't know rules and structure. Early childhood programs make a huge difference for children, especially those from disadvantaged homes. Read: Why investments in early childhood work. I have gotten a couple questions from readers asking why I'm tackling school lunches when teaching positions are being closed because there is no money. I'd like to respond by saying: it's not "either/or." We need make the long-term investment in children. We need to fund education. We need the best teachers. We need to feed students the best food we can find so that they can reach their potential as leaders. We are the USA after all! We act like we are the best, but look at how we fund education and school lunches. Do we really value children? ...Oh yeah, and let's add recess back because the last time I checked running around was free. When I was a little girl, I ate school lunch occasionally. My mom would sit down with the menu provided by the school and we would choose which days I would eat "hot lunch" and which days she would pack my lunch. I remember eating my own packed lunch more often than choosing to eat school lunch. My mom would put dried fruit in my lunch wrapped in little squares of saran wrap. The other kids would be so grossed out by the prunes, but I enjoyed them! My family moved around a lot and we lived in multiple states. My only memories of school lunch revolve not around the food but trying to find a place to sit where people would talk to me. I remember carrying a tray through large cafeterias wracked with anxiety about where I would sit and with whom. Scanning the room with my eyes, I never wanted to eat alone, but I did sometimes. Being new was very hard. I remember my mother putting notes in my lunch bag telling me how much she loved me. I cherished seeing her handwriting on small pieces of paper. It helped me get through some hard days. Numbers are Still Jumping All Over the Place The title says it all. I am not getting consistent numbers on my blood glucose tests at all. Many nights it comes back in range, only to have the next morning be high. Often I can't think of a thing I've eaten that would make the numbers go too high, but they do anyway. The most glaring example lately was while we were traveling, and I had a grilled pork chop and 2 scrambled eggs. That's all. No toast or grits or any carb at all, and had one of the highest readings I've had so far. So, I've made an appointment with my Diabetes doctor for next week. I wasn't scheduled to see him until November, and I just couldn't wait that long. I did have my last Physical Therapy session yesterday. I've got a pretty good exercise routine now, if I can just make myself do it. I've been so down about the testing numbers that I've not been exercising as much as I should. I'll have to do better, for sure. I had a strange morning this morning ... up to my old ways ... been up since 3:30AM. Don't know what happened, but I woke up wide awake and couldn't get back to sleep. That's all I have for today ... just discouraged right now.Holy Crap, I'm alive! Yes, its true. I am still breathing. I cant believe I havent posted here since Christmas. I am not even going to try to catch everyone up on December - July so I'll just go with whats going on today. Meds: Lamictal 200mg, Cymbalta 30mg, Geodon 120mg, Klonopin .5 mg/ twice a day. I think thats it. When I last posted I was taking Abilify, so I'll give you a short run down on how that ceased. Basically, I started having tremors...hands, mouth, tongue. So that had to go. Then came Risperdal, that made me lactate. Ummm...yeah, if youve never had that happen, let me just promise you it is weird. Sooo...back to Geodon, which I have taken in the past. Its been a while, possibly 6 months or so that I have been on it, and all is well. I wanna thank you guys for continuing to read even though I am a slacker. I will try to do better. I am just really trying not to dwell on the illness. I do like the fact that this blog seems to help some people, so Im hanging on to it. I appreciate all the comments.I have so many interesting ideas for the blog, but I really have so little time. I have family commitments and I work full time. Every night immediately after the little one goes to bed, I run straight to my laptop to work on the daily post, look over the comments, and then check out twitter. Lastly I check my email, which in amount can vary widely. This entire process takes at least an hour and if I want to do more than one blog post, I'm on the computer for close to two hours. There are many nights that I turn off my computer, head directly into the bathroom to brush my teeth, and go straight to bed. But I bring home work that I have to do two to three nights per week. It's either a very late night for me or I skimp on the post. Normally I choose to stay up late! The state of our house? Wrecked! I leave everything until the weekend. My husband is picking up the slack (and doing stuff for the blog on the side to help me out), but it's quite taxing on the household. Most nights the dishes do not get done. The reason I'm sharing this is that I want you to know that I really want to interact with you, my readers, more. I want to comment on your comments, but I just don't have the time. I want to respond to all of your emails, but I get the chance. Please forgive me. Time is my enemy. As a Massage Therapist and avid gardener it is easy to acquire such injuries and I have had extreme pain. There is a wonderful book called something like "No more Carpal Tunnel pain". Which I have used and provided relief to all my problems.I don't remember the author, but, she has a number of helpful exercises that help to release the lactic acid that accumulates in the muscles causing the inflammation and traction that occurs in the ligaments in the medial nerve area. These exercises Include realignment of the radius and ulna at the elbow to release the medial nerve from entrapment. If anyone is interested in more information I can get the book information for you or try looking it up on line. It has been very helpful for my clients as well.I hope everyone is surviving this cold blast. In Washington, it is unseasonably warm but (as expected) very wet. This week we had a check up with the rehab med doc to see how Darsie's Botox injections were performing. The muscles are all loose (yay!) but because of their memory, they are still pulling her foot inwards. So, he wants our PT to proceed with serial casting. We had good luck with the serial casting during the last round of Botox, but we still have to decide if we want to do it again. It definitely complicates life for all of us. However, I do want to take 100% advantage of the Botox. Bert turned two months! Isn't it amazing how fast time flies? He is such a BOY, too. I look at photos of other babies the same age and he just seems older. I was reading a blog post about a family that got stuck at someone's house due to a snow storm and they had to put her in a size 3 diaper (same age as Bert by a few days) and I just laughed. Bert is officially in size 3 diapers. I don't know if it is because he is a big boy (appointment next week) or just because he is a big-time blower-out of diapers. Jeff turned 33! We spread his birthday celebration from morning 'til night and I have a special adventure planned on Saturday. As well, we have a birthday dinner with his family on Sunday. Nothing like a week long celebration, right? I think we all deserve it. And last, Bert has now started rolling from tummy to back! My baby really is growing up! All remains well with Elise and me, too. Just nothing new to report!Today's menu: rib-b-que ("all beef patty" with bbq sauce), whole wheat bun, peach fruit cup, beans, milk I have eaten more beef over the past two months than I ate the whole year of 2009. In fact, I never purchase beef at the grocery store. It does not appeal to me. The only times I eat beef are when I order it when we're at a restaurant (very rarely -- maybe in a Chinese stir fry dish) or if it is served at a friend's house. My husband basically refuses to eat beef. We eat a lot of chicken, turkey, and fish that I prepare at home. I wasn't raised eating a lot of red meat. I have enjoyed a bison burger occasionally over the past couple years. Bison burgers are similar to beef in taste, but are far more lean (in both fat and calories -- I looked it up). Actually, I believe bison is better tasting. The best thing about consuming bison is that you are helping support the prosperity of buffalo as a native animal here in the US. Is a pipe dream to think that bison meat could be served at schools? (vegetarian and vegan readers - sorry!) I think somebody is trying to be creative with the "rib-b-que" meat (the illusion of variety), but the kids aren't fooled. I asked one of my students "What did you have for lunch today?" and he replied, "A hamburger." When I posted about the lack of recess at my school over the weekend, I didn't fully comprehend how big of a deal it really is. That's because the culture of my school has completely normalized not having recess. It's just not done! I chatted very briefly with another teacher about recess last week and that teacher told me that all the kids used to have recess many years ago. At some point it was cut out of the day. At the time I bet the teachers were upset about it, but those teachers have long since retired or moved on. Over the past five years alone there have been [redacted: double digit] new teachers at my school (some brand-new and others with prior teaching experience). So when you start working at a school where there is no recess, you don't make waves since you are untenured. Let's review what my students have on their plate (pun intended): 1) The school lunch that you have seen me eat for two months 2) The only opportunity to run around: a once-a-week gym class 3) No recess The lack of recess is not just a concern where I work, but all over the country. And we're surprised that kids are getting fat, having trouble focusing, and not achieving at the levels seen in other countries? Certainly we can't control what happens at home. I'm just trying to make schools reflect about their role in the increase in childhood obesity. Are schools contributing to the problem? My first summer outing with this office came to mind.  I was a fresh employee back then, only more than a month working for this organization. I was still feeling my way in at that time and was getting to know my officemates and regular volunteers better. Aside from health care being a right not a privilege we need to get a CAP put on prescription drug prices. I recently lost a job and almost had to start paying for my injections out of pocket ($498 per injection) one per week. That is $1500 per month for only one of my prescriptions. When I took into consideration all 5 of them it would cost me almost $3000 per month ! What would be the alternative if my husband was not able to get his insurance to pick me up? Suffer and die? No wonder you see so many elderly people giving up and going into crime. WAKE UP BUSCH !!! Women may have a lower tolerance for exercise. Women have smaller lung capacity than men, which can make women feel as though they are working harder than men even if the women are working at the same level. This can also make exercise feel harder in the heat or high humidity. This doesn't mean it's impossible for women to lose weight and, when you think about, excellent reasons are behind a woman's tendency to store fat. After all, creating and nurturing a new life is nothing to sneeze at. It's always best to avoid comparing yourself to others, whether male or female, when it comes to weight loss. Everyone loses weight differently, and genes, along with hormones, play a large role in how quickly some people lose weight. Formally known as Sahuayo de Morelos the town is situated in the state of Michoacan, near the southern shore of Lake Chapala. It has a population of almost 60,000 and is known for its traditional sandals (huraches) and hats (sombreros). The name Sahuayo is from the N¨¢huatl language, and has been interpreted as several different things; however, the favoured definition as translated by Dr. Don Antonio Pe?afiel, is that is composed of two elements: tzacual and ayoti. Tzacual is an earthenware vessel shaped by half of a coconut and ayoti means turtle. Thus 'Sahuayo is 'a pot that looks like a turtle'. The turtle is the symbol of Sahuayo. I woke up one early June morning feeling restless. It was my last day in LA and I had to be in San Francisco before the day is over to catch my flight back to the Philippines. This was probably one of those moments when I wanted to do something outrageous and mind-boggling.Trying to budget my cash-on-hand and wanting to see California minus its glamour and neon lights, I decided to take the Amtrak train from LA to San Francisco, all by myself. The trip I was to take was nine hours and was divided into three legs ? a thruway bus from LA Union Station to Bakersfield, a train ride to Emeryville, and another thruway bus to downtown San Francisco.  Some of you saw it as a bump in the road. But it feels more like a shift in the grieving process. Early on it was a heaviness that could not be shaken. Pressure in the heart that wouldn't allow me to breath. Now, it's being alone. And alone isn't fun. It's not the kind of alone that can be filled by calling a friend or going shopping or watching a movie. This "aloneness" comes from missing Leroy. Plain and simple. I'm in the missing part of this process. He left a crater behind where he once stood. That's the way my friend described it, and she's right.  Explorer Benedict Allen opened up with a rousing and harrowing tale of his 300 mile trek through the Amazonÿwith practically nothing. I could feel the crowd¡¯s breath collectively catch as he talked about how his then-perceived Samaritans robbed him blind and left him to die in the jungle. National Geographic nature photographer Frans Lanting followed up with some breathtaking photographs that showed the relationship between various elements of nature; from the mundane to the awe-inspiring. We were also treated to a sleek preview of his multimedia orchestral performance of Frans Lanting¡¯s LIFE: A Journey Through Time.Foreign correspondent Fergal Keane took us on a moving journey from his childhood to the midst of darkness and despair around the world and back out of it in a poignant talk. From witnessing Rwanda and South Africa to other war-torn regions, I found it surprising at first, then totally heartwarming when he said he¡¯ll never go back to war-torn countries again. That he was done covering after It's true that often the busier and more unavailable you are, the more time she'll want to spend with you. If you're constantly available, always ringing her and hanging around her like a bad smell she will get sick of you very quickly. On the flip side, at least at the beginning of dating you will need to be the one to call her, as women will never call a guy within the first month or two of dating unless she's very desperate. Calling her on average twice a week and meeting up once a week is usually best and gives her a chance to miss you without forgetting about you completely.Haciendas were the landed estates of Mexico given to conquistadors in excange for military and social services to the Spanish crown. The Hacienda de Guaracha was mostly aquired through illegal means and by taking over land owned by the The symbol of Sahuayo native people, also forcing them to work on the Hacienda. In 1643 Pedro de Salada was able to legalise the Hacienda. Around this disease was decimating the native population and black slaves were brought in to continue working the land. At this point I was sure that I would never see my Swiss army knife ever again. I was tempted to plan a rescue mission, going to Rapa Nui myself to get the knife, but no matter how much I loved my knife or how bad I wanted to visit Rapa Nui again, I couldn't rationalize the thousands of dollars it would cost for the mission to get a knife that would cost me only $25 to replace. Besides, my family loved Rapa Nui as well - I might have to take all of them with me!Hi guys, Sarimah Ibrahim here. I am the host of the inaugural Asia-edition of US reality-competition series, The Biggest Loser Asia! Watch The Biggest Loser Asia Every Tuesday @ 9pm Asia/ 8pm TH/WIB only on Hallmark Channel. I have been asking questions about health on Yahoo! Answers Malaysia in the last few weeks. This is my fourth question. Please let me know what are your opinions. We pulled into Agra on November 8th around 8:00 PM. It was dark, but not dark enough. Some places should never be seen in daylight, Agra is one of them. It was crowded, it was dirty, it was seedy, it was... We had heard it was rip-off city, we could see why. Then we arrived at our hotel. Thinking back, I'd say it was the worst of our accommodations. They handed us a pad lock key. You unlocked the pad lock and then, once in the room, you put the pad lock on the inside to lock others out, or to lock yourselves in. It was for just one night I told myself but I knew I wouldn't get much sleep with one eye open. If we don't socialize medicine, we need to make it so that working families can afford health coverage. I am a single, working mother of 2, I have insurance through my job but it is expensive (13% of my gross wages). Last year my Gross income was $19,000. I have one child who qualifies for medicaid (Secondary) and one who does not. I don't know how that works since they both have the same parents. Coming from a warm country, the slight chilly San Francisco air was already freezing me. Good thing I have a comfortable room with a soft bed and plenty of pillows that warmed me during the night.When I arrived at my hotel, I immediately called some local contacts, including a college friend who lived in the next city. As soon as I finished with all the preparations, my friend met up with me and brought me to the local mall, LimKetKai. While walking and chatting at the mall, we bumped into another college acquaintance and she was surprised to see us at CDO since my friend and I were not from that place. Looking forward to the Travellers¡¯ Tales Festival in London this week; an excellent opportunity to network with fellow travel writers and photographers. The 3-day agenda seems quite mouthwatering. Friday¡¯s lineup includes photography and writing programmes, creative tutorials, panel discussions with editors from the UK National press as well as networking opportunities. Saturday and Sunday will bring a variety of lectures and more goodies. Will keep my nose to the ground for stories worth telling and will be on the lookout for those photographic moments. Finding unique angles and takes on one of the most photographed cities and sights in the world will be my challenge for this weekend. My 33 year old daughter is mentally ill. She also has Lupus. She was a school teacher when she developed Schizoid Affective Disorder. She collects social security disability, mental health services from the state, but she has no health insurance. Her benefits are not enough to cover the premiums. It will be another year before she is able to be on medicare. She needs medical services now! There needs to be something to fill the gap. Some people fear their first time, but instead they should truthfully embrace it, because it only happens once and is a truly unique experience, because after the first time, it¡¯s no longer something you haven¡¯t done before and will become something you can understand and expect. The moral of the story here is to throw yourself into your first time travels (road trips or otherwise), not to be apprehensive about them, as you will only have one chance at a first time and it¡¯s something to be cherished and enjoyed, not hampered by ¡°what ifs¡± and other numerous worries. After all, travel is supposed to be rewarding and relaxing, isn¡¯t it? As night enveloped the sky, we spent our sumptuous dinner gazing at the glowing lights of urban towns and the port in Batangas. Since we had the island almost to ourselves, we set up a bonfire at the sand bar, chatting, drinking, and playing games with the twinkling stars above us. It was a good thing that I studied downtown San Francisco very intently before I embarked on this trip or I could have been lost under its dark, starry night. But what also made it easier for me was that Hilton was located about two blocks from the metro station. The next day, we embarked on a trip to another small island close to Bonito. The waves were rough despite the short distance. The island we were visiting was uninhabited save for the light house that stood at the middle of it. The underwater life there was livelier than the corals at Bonito but the current was stronger. By 1905 the process of lowering the levels of Lake Chapala had begun, creating more fertile land for farming. However in 1912 a levee along the lake ruptured causing a severe water shortage for the people of Sahuayo and the surrounding area. This internal problem prevented the local people from fully participating in the Mexican Revolution which came about when Francisco I. Madero led an uprising against the dictatorship of Porfirio Diaz. The Revolution ended with the creation of the Mexican Constituation in 1917. The first inhabitants of the area were of Aztec origin. Later the region was conquered by the P'urepecha (known as the Tarasco by the Spanish). Led by Tzitispandacuare the Tarascans defended their territories against the Aztecs. The Tarascans flourished in Mexico from 1100CE to 1530CE and although their exact origins are unknown linguistic similarities to the Quechua language of South America suggest they came from further south. The Tarascans and Aztecs were enemies and were frequently at war with each other. The Spanish empire saw the end View of the church in the evening of both empires. Knowing the Spaniards were on their way to the Aztec capital of Tenochitlan the Aztecs sent emissaries to the Tarascans to ask for assistence in fighting the Spaniards. Instead, the Tarascans sacrificed the Aztec messengers. Tenochitland fell in 1520 after a bloody seige and a scant two years later the Tarascan Empire was conquered too. I'd like to see drug companies have less influence over consumers. Since they've been allowed to advertise their latest thing on television, patients are telling their doctors what to prescribe. Generic drugs may work just as well, but we are a brand loving society. Rather than sticking with the tested (and inexpensive) generics, we push our doctors to prescribe the new drug we saw on tv last night. Not only does this encourage people to spend more money on drugs unnecessarily, it encourages the drug companies to continue developing new versions of similar drugs. I read that we haven't developed a totally new antibiotic in decades. Rather than develop a drug that will be used once, drug companies focus on new variations of drugs for long term use, because they can make money off of it. And boy, can they make money! I know that the true cost includes both the development AND production of the drug, but it seems like the companies are making a heck of a profit. If they can sell the same drug for a fraction of the cost in other countries, why can't they sell it for a reasonable price here? Others might have thought I¡¯ve gone bonkers but it was something I had already set my mind on. Of course, there was some anxiety on my part as I would be traveling alone but I braved through it and trusted my guardian angel to be by my side during the entire trip. Traveling alone on unfamiliar surroundings seemed a dreary thought but I shook my apprehensions away and readied my belongings.My friend who generously took me in her LA apartment for five days volunteered to bring me to the Union Station. We dragged my heavy luggage as we took the subway at downtown LA. The chattering of kids grew louder. Feet stomping quickly through the tunnel. Wheels from luggage being dragged. Noises bouncing off the walls, making the narrow half mile tunnel seem like it was slowly getting narrower. I had to get out. To get some air. Normally not claustrophobic, very little sleep in three days was throwing off my internal radar.Quickly darting out of the next exit I saw, one of many sprinkled alongside the tunnel, I popped up beside the Natural History Museum, eerily illuminated against murky dark skies.  The chefs on Top Chef don't know it, but they've lost one of their biggest fans. We would watch and marvel at how these contestants would whip up some beautiful food on a plate with just a few mushrooms, something reduced in a pot, and something else the chefs would call "protein." Of course, we simply know it as fish, meat, or poultry. And when I'm scanning the movie channels and stumble across Gladiator, Blood Diamond or heaven help me, the one millionth showing of Dirty Dancing, I just reach for the power button on the clicker. In 1926 the parish church of Sahuayo was the second place attacked by Federal soldiers. After the end of the religious conflict and during Lazaro Cardenas governorship of Michoacan the lands of the Hacienda de Guaracho were shared between the farmers of Sahuayo. On 28th November 1952, due to its economic development Sahuayo was granted city status and then in 1957 the city once again changed its name to Sahuayo de Jose Maria Morellos in honour of one of the revolutionary leaders in the War of Independance. I¡¯ve fallen asleep in most of the trip. I would often wake up to watch the scenery. It was a peaceful and delightful journey. Apart from mountains, we also passed by vineyards, orchards, strawberry farms, wheat and corn fields, ranches, cattle farms, rivers, junkyards, windmills, neighborhoods, and mostly depots. Yes, in the 410-mile stretch I¡¯ve traveled, depots were everywhere. It was apparent that industrial parks and agricultural industries have been designated outside of large metropolis such as LA and San Francisco. I was the first one to arrive at the station. I sat at the bench as I waited for my bus. One by one, other passengers arrived. A lady sat beside me. She introduced herself as Marylou. I think she was in her 50s or 60s. Despite our wide age difference, we instantly hit it off and became fast friends. She animatedly shared stories with me. She came from Visalla (that I¡¯m not sure of) and was in LA to visit a friend. Grateful for this encounter and for having found a nice company in this journey, I asked her if we could sit together in the bus, to which she readily agreed. But when I found out that there were several empty seats on the bus, I decided to take the seats on the opposite row so we could have more room during the ride. The bus was indeed large with overhead compartments where we could store additional baggage and, more importantly, a restroom at the back. Yes they have a faster metabolism and there biological make up is different from an women's. Women's bodies has to know how to retain fat because they have to carry babies and give them nutrients. Men on the other hand are suppose to be the provider, thats the way god meant for it to be, so they have to be leaner and stronger. Men where meant to fight the elements and "bring home the bacon". We are also suppose to be soft for them because we are there cherished ladies and they are suppose to be able to protect us from harm. What I liked about CDO were the unique and interesting eateries in the city. Every time I go to this city, I would always eat in a fascinating restaurant. Another time, I had dinner in an Italian-inspired jaunt. One of my favorite coffee shop was Gazebo Caf¨¦, because apart from the mouthwatering desserts and snacks, I also liked the ambiance and the home products they were selling at their cute tiny store, adjoining the caf¨¦. As a pre 9/11 traveler, I travelled for years with my Swiss army knife in my carry on backpack; I never went anywhere without it. It was used for everything and I couldn't imagine being on the road and not having it at my disposal. So in June, 2008, before leaving for our year around the world, I consciously took my Swiss army knife and placed it in my toiletry bag which travelled in my checked luggage. Each time I arrived to a new destination and unpacked, I took the knife out of my toiletry bag and placed it in the daypack that was used for our daily outings. So began the ritual...Packing for a flight, put the knife in my toiletry bag; settling into a new location, unpack the knife and put in in the daypack. It was a flawless practice for 9 months, 18 travel days and 32 locations. But what was even wonderful in this island is the rich marine life. I fed several fishes, including a rainbow-colored fish, which the locals called pico de loro. Our guide brought us around the coral reef and found numerous colorful species of corals that came in different designs and sizes. The resort was also affordable with about less than a thousand pesos per cottage a night (that¡¯s about $20). I think they also rent out diving equipment for divers and boats for those who want to go to Apo Island.  We hardly knew him. He joined our community on December 16th. It was his birthday weekend and the beast had found him. Randy had an openness about him. I think he was shocked to find himself in this place, so he got down to the business of cancer right away. He wanted the road map through this world and this group was ready to lead him. i want to make my own fried rice but im not sure what kind of rice to use i tried jasmin rice but it was too mushy i tried uncle ben rice but it didnt taste good what kind do the resturants use also if there is a certain brand let me know there is asian store were i live but im not sure which to choose As soon as our feet landed on the sand, we immediately claimed our welcome drinks at the dining hall to cool us off from the hot sunny trip. Since it was high noon, we proceeded with lunch and spent our siesta eating green mangoes. The dining hall, as well as some of the facilities, was built with wood and local materials and had an open space that provided a wonderful view of the swimming pool, the sand bar, and the neighboring islands. The hall was situated at the tip of the heart-shaped island. Coconut trees dotted the beach front. We've outsourced everything else, why not have video teleconferencing with doctors from other countries? That way-hospitals can refer non-paying non-urgent patients to lower paid doctors to diagnose remotely. This may also solve some of the personal tort issues-if you agree to be seen by a doctor who is not in the country when he diagnoses-you can't sue. After eating our meal and taking photos of every nook and cranny of the restaurant, we proceeded to the art gallery found across the parking lot. Other services, like massage and spa, were also available at Kusina Salud. The sun was beckoning us. It was time to leave Kusina Salud and continue with our food trip through the Viaje del Sol. On 10th December, 1831, Sahuayo was finally recognised as a legl entity. Throughout the reform age it was a refuge for conservative forces until 1861. At this time the owner of the Hacienda de Guaracha, Dona Anotonia Moreno, sold half the land to over 50 rich buyers. Shortly afterwards the Second French Empire began their invasion of Mexico led by Napolean III in an attempt to force the Mexicans to settle their debts to France, Spain and Britain who, until 1861, had been receiving interest Sahuayo payments from Mexico.Sahuayo and the neighbouring towns faced raids from both sides. On 13th April 1891 Sahuayo changed its name to Sahuayo de Porfirio Diaz after the then president of Mexico and the town was elevated to the status of villa.  Remember what the experts tell those of us who are hurting from our time in cancer world. Get plenty of rest, eat well, and exercise. And if you have a "Carol" in your life, you'll find that winter is what you make it.  Brown hills and mountains filled the landscape. There were small communities visible from the highway, one of which was found at the foot of Mt. Frazier. Less than an hour later, we entered Bakersfield. It¡¯s a small town. Yet, progress seemed to be catching up with a Marriott Hotel beside the station as well as international fast food chains like KFC and A&W scattered around the area. Most of the groups were filled up and no one signed up for American food. Probably, because most of the participants were American, they wanted other kinds of cuisine. It was only me and my roommate who signed up for that group. Since we had a host with us, we didn¡¯t want to impose on them if there were just two of us. Luckily, we met other conference participants and we encouraged them to join us.  Sometimes a relationship starts to feel like nothing but a power struggle. If you're involved with a dominating personality, and you've had a lifetime of conditioning to please your partner, it can be difficult to hang onto your own identity AND have a relationship. But it doesn't have to come down to a choice between staying in the relationship and losing your identity, or ending the relationship and rediscovering who you are. Here's how to discover and assert your own demands within the paradigms of your existing relationship. I like thinking back to where I was a year ago. Not only is it an opportunity to relive a dream, it's an opportunity to think of someplace warm. I don't like the cold and having had a year of mild temperatures enables me to always think warm when reminiscing. It's unrealistic to think that we could easily change to a national health care plan in this country. It would involve wiping out all insurance companies, and creating one enormous new government entity. Instead, we need to work within the system we have to reduce costs and increase coverage. So my suggestion? Start controlling the insurance and drug companies, and stop letting them control us. Or more specifically, stop letting them control you, our government. So remember, you might know what you like and indeed like what you know, but down that route ultimately lies boredom and repetition. Take the power to change unto yourself and make the first steps to trying a new place and enjoy the journey as well as the destination. Live for change and the excitement that novel things can bring. You¡¯ll not regret it in the least!In 1765 the curate of Sahuayo consisted of four villages; Sahuayo, San Pedro Caro, Santa Maria Asuncion de Xuquimatlan and San Miguel Guarachita, with Sahuayo being the main village. During the War for Independance (1810-1821) the Sahuayenses sent a large contingent of men who fought to defend the island and port of Mezcala (now Lazaro Cardenas) from Spanish warships. The Hacienda de Guaracho sided with the Spanish and was attacked several times by the insurgents. Getting out of the capital of the Philippines, Manila, to nearby cities and towns is not an uncommon occurrence among the urban dwellers. With friends and relatives from abroad visiting every now and then, it gives us more reason to escape the metropolis. But with the ¡°Viaje del Sol¡±, Spanish for ¡°Way of the Sun¡±, we have all the more reason to embark on an adventure north of Manila.It was a road trip like no other. Armed with a Viaje del Sol map that would take us to the provinces of Laguna and Quezon, we studied and selected various tourist spots where we can stop over. The choice of accommodation was made by our organization in the US, being one of the official hotels for the conference. With its quality standard and price, I was fortunate enough to be billeted in Hilton for free. First of all we¡¯re staying at the Bellagio, a cut above the regular accommodations in this city and reminiscent of Monte Carlo and other less seedy, more sophisticated examples of this genre. So the Vegas of the Bellagio has a touch of redemptive class. Not a little. Our room is impeccable, sprawling. Even the plumbing works in a luxurious way. But, as lovely as it is, it¡¯s just a building.  Laurie Hirth, you have made such giant strides moving on in your life without Neil. Then, boom ... two steps forward, ten steps back. Sasha, Eileen, Patty -- you get it. Whether you're anticipating what's coming or are in the heightened sense of sadness. You get it. March saw two scientific studies published regarding male sexual activity. Neither study made new discoveries but confirmed what historical documents and a casual observation of life already reveal.When Dr. Stacy Tessler Lindau and Dr. Natalia Gavrilova, of the University of Chicago, found that men outlive women sexually, their study created quite a stir across news, newspapers, and social media for three days. A Google search on ¡°men outlive women sexually¡± lists references to the British Medical Journal in the top four pages of search returns.The study comes from survey data of 6,000 men and women between the ages of 25 to 86 years old. Researchers conclude after age 55 men average 15 more sexually active years while women of the same age average 10 years. Finally, the sky was splashed with the red pallet of the setting sun. We were at sea before dawn until dusk. But it was worth a trip. It was a refreshing encounter with nature, from free-roaming animals at Calauit, to the coral gardens around the islands, to the fish species indigenous to the area. Okay, why are people actually giving this girl advice on how to stop eating?? There's something wrong with that!! If you feel you are eating too much, cut down on your portions and it requires discipline to control it, but you can. To not eat is dangerous. Do you realize what that can do to you? Let me tell you. Eventually, your body will start eating away at itself. You will lose muscle mass and all body fat. You will start to look sick and emaciated. Then, people will start to ask you if you have a drug problem or eating disorder. You'll feel embarrassed. You won't find clothing anymore that fits well. But that's the least of your problems. You'll start feeling dizzy and light headed from not eating. You may pass out a couple of times. Then, you can go into organ failure, have a heart attack or get congestive heart failure. If you're lucky, however, you may be able to be admitted to a hospital where they'll have to tube feed you. Aside from this, I would cut down on portions and discipline yourself to not eat ONLY when you don't feel hungry. Cut down on portions, eat a healthy diet and don't indulge in sweets all the time. Give them to yourself occasionally as a treat. It takes work, but you'll be fine. So, here it is, just about 3 months since our last blog post. I'm sure we've lost all of our readership at this point, but something just happened that compels me to write. Eventually someone out there in the universe will stumble upon this post but until then, I'll just savor this post for myself. In addition to orienting myself once I arrive into any city, I usually take a walk at night. Be it in search of food, or just to feel out the city by night ? how women flow and if their dispositions suggest otherwise when they walk around. How many stares are received and if there are sinister undertones to them. If locals don¡¯t think twice before veering into near pitch-black alleys and down dark tunnelsÿSorted through 350+ photos on a train to Vienna with most of them taken around dusk or at night ? my main photography task for Budapest. Several foreigners were also staying at the island to dive at nearby reefs and diving spots. But for us, we were contented with just snorkeling at the periphery of Bonito. We couldn¡¯t go too far because the current were strong and large passenger vessels plying the Batangas-Mindoro route pass by the island. If you¡¯ve previously been on regular trips to places and have recently found that those places are losing their charm or losing whatever it was that made them ¡°unique¡± for you, then perhaps it is high-time for you to considering taking time out to visit somewhere new? Set a course for a place ? either near or far ? that you¡¯ve always wanted to visit, but have never found the reason. You¡¯ve found your reason now, so throw caution to the wind and just DO it! After all, you only live once, so you should probably try everything at least once as well. It's the simplest things that remind me every day just how much I miss Leroy. The chatter in our house over the Inaugural events of the past few days would have been non-stop. Recapping the coverage, sharing experiences. It's just what we did as journalists, as interested observers of history. Back at security with that Deja Vu feeling. This time I make it all the way to the x-ray machines. "Excuse me ma'am, is this your bag?" (Why do they call you ma'am? It makes you feel so old.) What could they possibly be questioning in my little tote? It's only a book, newspaper and a bottle of water for my wait. "Ma'am, you can't take this bottle of water, do you want me to throw it out?" I notice he's not giving me a whole lot of other options so I say "Yes" since it's clearly the price I have to pay to get to the other side. The knife looks exactly the same as when I handed it off to Sharon at the Rapa Nui airport 7 months ago; but it's not the same. It's no longer just a Swiss army knife, but instead is an embodiment of worldwide humanity. Sharon was a wonderful host when we stayed at Te'Ora, her guesthouse on Rapa Nui; but her obligation ended there. She didn't have to take on the mission of returning my knife to me, but she did. And while it took several attempts to keep her promise, keep it she did. Thank you Sharon for being the wonderfully kind person you are. And Corie who never knew me and most likely never will, she took on that mission as well. My dear friend Carol, who walks with me, made an interesting comment as we were finishing our six mile jaunt. She said before she got into walking in the winter with me, she only thought of it as something she had to get through to reach Spring.  We started early in the morning as we rode for about three hours towards Batangas, a province south of Manila, the capital. We reached a small port and boarded a boat that carried fourteen of us. It was about 45 minutes at sea until we reached our destination, Bonito Island. I¡¯ve heard of the island but I¡¯ve never been there. Finally, I would attach an image to the name some friends have been mentioning about. I¡¯ll admit. Whenever a foreigner spews a few words of Y¨°rub¨¢ to me, regardless of delivery quality, I instantly warm up, throwing them a cheesy grin of approval. This gesture shows they¡¯ve made an effort to learn my tribal tongue, one of 521 estimated Nigerian languages they could have chosen from. If they open up with Pidgin English instead, I instantly perk up. Speaking Pidgin transforms them from visiting foreigner into one of hundreds of well integrated expatriates in Lagos, Nigeria¡¯s commercial capital. There¡¯s a certain intimacy that this form of broken English emits; a down-to-earth, survivalist approach to everyday living and hustling in Africa¡¯s most populous nation With the soothing sound of a fountain behind me and the river beyond the restaurant, my friends and I feasted on the prepared menu. There were little walls, a feel that made the restaurant partially merged outdoors. The rooms at the loft were cordoned off but could be viewed by visitors. But our first priority was to enjoy a Sunday buffet lunch at Kusina Salud. I have heard of it from a friend, and was told that it was partly owned by renowned designer, Patis Tesoro. It was becoming more popular by the minute, so it was always better to make reservations ahead of time. I am 13 and my boyfriend is 15, we have been dating a few weeks and I've only seen him twice because he lives an hour away. I have had boyfriends before, and only kissed and made out with one and we dated for nine months. I haven't kissed my current boyfriend yet, so after I gave him a hug when I was leaving I went to give him a kiss, like a little peck but then he was going for more so I kinda backed away because I don't want to make out yet. So what do I say or do with out him getting mad or things being awkward? Please help! My first nights in the US, specifically in San Francisco, were spent in a cozy bed in Hilton San Francisco Union Square. I arrived late at night, after a grueling trip across the Pacific Ocean. Traveling alone to attend the National Conference on Volunteering and Service, I bravely proceeded from the airport to the hotel through the metro train. Then there¡¯s the guy, he has to be a guy, he¡¯s not a man, not a boy. He¡¯s trudging round the endless marble malls in his sneakers with a backpack on his back and a computer bag slung over his shoulder. In the afternoon, after our Apo Island escapade, I lounged into a beach chair underneath a coconut tree, overlooking the beach and the island. The cool breeze and the quiet ambiance at Malatapay were relaxing to the mind.  But my interlude was cut short as we had to pack our things and head back to Dumaguete. Although we wanted to stay a bit longer, we had to bid Malatapay Beach Resort adieu. Till our next visit. Pick up any newspaper and you will see all the evil that our lives are currently filled with. But I know, after having traveled the world for a year, that this world is filled with incredible kindness. I know this because we were the recipient of it many times over.Last year, I¡¯d also received a one-liner from the same editor asking if I could review a tour for him. Since I wasn¡¯t on location at the time, I recommended another writer who happened to be on location. The fellow writer took the tour and wrote up the much needed dispatch. For those who think travel writing needs to be a fiercely competitive cutthroat world of hoarding contacts, kindly read Julie¡¯s fantastic post on Writers¡¯ Karma. Time permitting and within reason of course, taking on last minute assignments is a great way of building continued trust and reliability between you and your editor. Meeting deadlines is extremely important as well. Always go with your intuition and negotiate an extra day or two upfront before you start writing, instead of later. You may be thinking "Oh I would never do that", unfortunately you probably do to some extent. If you've ever bought a woman a drink, flowers, chocolates, taken her out to a lavish dinner in order to get her to like you (as in you weren't in a relationship yet and she's not in love with you, your doing these things to get her to like you more). Then you're putting her on a pedestal. Yes you can do these things for her once you're in a relationship and she's already in love with you, but never do them when you're still dating and you're trying to get her attracted to you. This just screams out "Hey I don't deserve a woman of your beauty, but I'm willing to bribe you with expensive things to make up for that" Nothing prepared me for the surprise I¡¯d find in my first-time at Black Island. Part of our Calauit tour in Palawan was some stopovers at islands around Busuanga. A short distance away from Calauit was Black Island, where the Slovenian franchise of Survivor, Survivor Srbija: Philippines, shot some of their episodes.  Black Island loomed from afar like a black rock. But as we approached, the dark color became green and the white sand beach emerged. The sea became aqua blue and turquoise green that was in every way inviting us to dive in and enjoy a refreshing dip under the warm sun. And when ¡°warmer¡± sets in and the temperature rises, talk of beach outings gets a notch higher than the usual. Stating a destination is now an urgent matter. Yahoogroups are filled with discussions of possible summer adventures for the year. Even in our office, where there are just six of us, we contemplate of a possible outing, although it won¡¯t be official business and we would be spending out of our own pockets. Michael noted earlier that the money is flowing for pro and anti-reform TV ads this week. One more was just released - this time from Moveon.org. The ad flashes pictures of Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King, Jr. while a voiceover says voting for health care reform amounts to being "on the right side of history." Moveon.org, a left-leaning group powerful for its ability to raise a lot of money quickly, is pulling out all the messaging stops. Greg Sargent also suggests the ad is a signal to House Democrats that, come fall, Moveon.org will be there for those who vote for health care reform now. We went back to Bonito to wrap up our weekend outing. Finally, beach fun was over and we were en route to the big city.  Three years ago seemed only yesterday. As I snap back from my reverie, I smile, looking forward to a beach outing this year. That¡¯s the beauty of living in a tropical country with 7,107 islands. We have a list of options where to spend our summer. While waiting, we stepped out of the restaurant to look around the neighborhood. The restaurant was strategically located at the corner of Mason, Turk, and Market St. A neon light sign ¡°Soul Food¡± was adorning the window. President Obama¡¯s face was displayed at the entrance. Everything was quiet outside, where everyone seemed oblivious of the cheery atmosphere inside Farmerbrown.As I got to the airport, I tried to exude confidence as I haggled with the taxi driver, to avoid being scammed. Finally, he gave in and he took me to my hotel. Little did I know that the airport was too far from the city center. In fact, it was situated at the elevated area way off the city proper. I think I bargained a lot for that long taxi ride. Women don't want a man that constantly says "you decide", "I don't know" and "whatever, you choose", they reek of being a little boy who can't make up his mind rather than a real man and giving her a response like this will really turn her off. If she asks something such as "where shall we go for dinner", simply pick an option that you would like to do. If she opposes and wants to go somewhere else she will tell you. She asked you the question so it's up to you to make the decision, telling her "you choose" will only frustrate her greatly.First off-if you and your fellow politicians really want to address this problem head on, cut your own taxpayer funded health benefits to that of the typical middle class families. That will be the light the fire under your behinds, so to speak. You should also propose that Congress and the House have a mandatory 5 day workweek as well-because how do you enact change if you are not there to come up with solutions? When afternoon came, the tide slowly shifted and the rocks at the other side of the island emerged. We walked through the shore encircling tiny Bonito as we explored the upper part of the heart. Little crabs, marshy land, interesting stones and shells, and intriguing species greeted us along the way. An hour later, we have rounded Bonito island. We dipped at the pool while the beautiful sun finally made its bow at the horizon. There is so much in health care that can be changed to improve care, but society's view of what is expected from a doctor, a nurse, a hospital, or rehab facility needs to be adjusted. Research is showing that people recouperate better in their own environment. Also, research shows, that longer hospital stays increase the chance of acquiring a hospital based infection. People need to know that staying in the hospital is not the best thing if they are medically stable and can be transferred to home or a rehab facility.  It's been a weekend of bright blue beautiful days. Very cold but spectacular days. Walking on the C & O canal, I look up into a sky that is so clear. No clouds. Just the bare branches of the trees in their deep winter sleep, reaching up to the heavens.  The new site, the Our Cancer place, will allow us to continue and even grow with pictures and stories and conversations. So many of you have already found it and have begun to carve out a new place. Spread the word. There's room for so many more who need a place like this to feel welcome. When you're in cancer world, feeling welcome and safe is a gift. Yes, as unfair as it may seem, men do tend to lose weight faster than women. This can be upsetting, particularly when a man runs around the block a few times and seems to instantly lose 10 pounds while a woman's weight loss moves about as fast as a snail. But, there are physiological reasons for that difference: -Men have more muscle. This allows them to burn more calories, even when at rest. If there's anything you take away from this article, make it this. Women want a guy who can make them laugh, if you can do that for them you're 75% of the way there. If you can make them laugh you can screw up with every other area and still get her attracted, and if you can make her laugh as well as remember these other 4 areas, you're set to attract any woman you desire. Climbing up to Fisherman¡¯s Bastion in the Buda district and waiting till dusk to watch those final rays of sun cast their warm glow across the Danube, over the Parliament building, and across a dozen or more centuries-old churches scattered around the Pest side is a scene hundreds of photographers have probably captured yet it remains breathtaking, no less.There are a few cities that truly photograph beautifully at night, and Budapest certainly is one of them. While summer months bring in droves of tourists, traveling in early March for us meant fewer crowds and strong wispy winter chills filling the air. This also meant more locals going about their daily business, and a smaller chance of getting mugged or harassed.  We chuckled with him when he talked about losing his hair and we told him there was no shame in admitting he was just plain scared. He came for advice and he got that, too. His journey was a short one, but he made an impression. He left his mark, and that's what it's all about.  Our cottages were right behind the dining hall and were overlooking the sea. Rooms were neatly done with air conditioning units and private showers.My thoughts often go to the obscure. Not the "big picture" of what we were doing or what we were seeing but some oddity that stands out in my mind. A year ago today we were standing in front of the Taj Mahal. You can read about that on Marty's blog from a year ago. I'm remembering Agra; home to the Taj. So there we were: my Chinese roommate and I, a Filipina, with two Singaporeans, two Koreans, and our four American hosts who braved the late afternoon San Francisco chill walking towards this restaurant that they were raving about. We were told we would be eating southern food. What that was, I still had to see and taste. The place was called Farmerbrown, known for its soul food, its farm-fresh soul food. As I came upon the hotel lobby an hour close to midnight, the receptionist immediately attended to me. It was fast, something I thanked the angels. Concerned that small packages have a way of disappearing and never arriving to their final destination, Sharon later told me, via email, that she would hold the knife until she herself would be traveling to the US in the summer. Once in the US, she would mail the knife to me. Sharon arrived to the US but I got no package, only an email saying that she had essentially done the same thing - left the knife in her carry on instead of packing it in her checked bags. She passed the knife onto her assistant who was still at the airport as a sense of deja vu permeated the air. Then, in March of 2009, at the tiny airport on Rapi Nui, I saw the bin of items confiscated by airport security: lighters, scissors, knives. Knives! Oh my God! I'd forgotten to take my knife out of my daypack and put it in my toiletry bag. With my luggage already checked, there weren't too many options left. It was either surrender my beloved knife to airport security and never see it again, or run after our guesthouse host, Sharon, who was still at the airport awaiting her most recent guests on the arriving flight. For me it was a no brainer. I gave my knife to Sharon asking her if she would mail the knife back to me in the US in 3 months time when I would be returning home. She said she would do her best and then I had to let go of the outcome. After our sumptuous meal, we proceeded to our respective huts on stilts and fell into sound sleep. The morning chill and the light peaking through the bamboo slits of our window woke us up. Dawn has come but it seemed the sun was nowhere in sight. We dressed up and went out of our cottages to be greeted by the breathtaking view of the water. So, this is Malatapay Beach. Nothing is FREE. Health Care has a cost. Other countries DO NOT HAVE FREE health care. They have HIGH taxes that pay for the cost. So why increase our taxes to get minimal and lower quality health care. The paper work , payroll, cost of service, RX etc need to be looked at and regulated. If we had a better tax code --- ie. no income tax- we would have more money in our pockets to decide what level of health care to purchase. The system could be better, yes but should not be handle by the government. My concern is why does it have to be tied to our jobs? Well i don't know what you can say, but eating slowly helps your digestive system work well and digest better and just eat the serving size of what you eat and if after 10-15 minutes you are still hungry then go get more. and as well if you are still growing and in puberty and/or having your period then that can affect it and you could be hungrier and if you don't gain much weight then right now you are prolly just gaining it and it WILL slow down. and if you have a sweet tooth then everybody does, that just means you have to have sweets in moderation. Our coral watching continued as we proceeded to the Coral Garden. It was a sloping reef that also had several coral varieties. It was truly like a garden beneath the sea. Spiky corals, fluffy ones, round ones¡ªyou name it and you¡¯ll find them dancing with the waves underwater.  It's come to my attention that there seems to be 5 different things that men never seem to *get* about women, unfortunately every single one of these mistakes is holding men back and I'm quite sure there is at least one or two of them stopping you from having incredible success attracting women. Women are predisposed to store and retain fat. Women have higher levels of estrogen, a hormone that works works to keep the fat on a woman's body so it's easier for her to get pregnant. That means women have to work harder to lose weight at the same rate as men. Men's bodies respond more quickly to exercise. Women's bodies, meanwhile, actually go into a sort of starvation mode, slowing the metabolism to hang onto more fat. Miss.World,Miss universe,Miss Asia pacific,,,no no this is not wat she deservess...she is MISS.BLUSHING....a good,caring frnd,,,always tries to control my temper but it ll end doing the opposite..Mrs.Rep of our class..Vasool rani--thats the perfect name for her(expert in getting treat n collecting money)....hey wat else charanya ...i wrote wat u wan me to write . :)..Sumi is one girl who can give u d warmest company.. earlier I thought she was freakin outÿ but now I can see her more calm and composed..(this is w.r.t sumi-earlier and sumi-now.. he he.) i can nvr forget the days we spent at each other¡¯s home ..!!... thos r d times we really got to know each other a lot.. from then on, ther s no stopping to our chats online n over the phoneÿ wonder how much time we spend on phoneÿ!!!.. how many days we hv talked abt that ¡®tada.!!.¡¯ moment..:).(I get al excited abt yr reaction..n if u ll really hear tat ¡®tadaÿ¡¯ wen it al happens.. ? ).. ok nwÿ she has not still learnt d art of being rude.. (so we plan to take up the part if sum1 bothers her..!!.).. she s d integral part of our gangÿ!!.. I like her a lot for who she s.. u can never see any1 who s so considerate, sincere n truthful..(leave alone the little fun she makes when she pulls my legs.)for me,as a person who had almost forgotten wat s fun in life, she s one of my loving close friends who got me bk 2 form..:):)"A fun loving guy,intelligent in studies(arre yeh kya keh diya), never talks nonsense(well smtimes does that too),very very very helpful and caring in every way(ye toh hai)_,very understanding(y d hell did i say this?...),mast(bt mere jitna nahi),That's ANKITGuyz if u dont know this nice person then u shud know him. He is a gem on earth.. he dont open up easily wid every1..he needs his own time to be frank..but once he adds u as his friend.... u get a friend for lifethe more i got to knw him...the more i find him absolutly adorable..he is the most trustwrthy person i met.. and that makes him ma gud frndÿHe z got smthin in him that u just cnt ignore him..he alwys leaves an impact on anyone nd everyone he comes across.At the end i just wana say ppl might b best but HE is BETTER than the best..n i m vry lucky 2 hve him as a frnd.. Gud luck n keep smilin:)""I wish to bring your attention towards the BIMAL Auto Agency¡¯s service that MARUTI in Bangalore has authorized to. I write this to you because MARUTI is known to be extremely customer-friendly and good service providers. However, my experience with BIMAL Auto Agency, Indiranagar leads me to doubt this. Let me narrate the sequence of events:I have booked a brand New Maruti Alto LXI car on 24-05-2007, through Mr.Sunil Kumar.M, Sales Executive of BIMAL Auto Agency (authorized Maruti Dealer), Indiranagar, Bangalore by paying cash of Rs.5,000/-.Details of payment made to Bimal Auto Agency, Indiranagar, Bangalore are as below:"anoosha-an adorable bubbly gal..our friendship dates back to our days in primary school, when we were van-mates--the pure, innocent(!!!) fun we had..those memories will remain etched in my heart for life. she has always stood close by me, and in times of adversity u cannot hope for a better friend. she has alwayz made me see sense and knocked some sanity into me when i was in hopeless straits. an intellingent and chweet girl..very talented..a graceful dancer..she's got a highly contagious laugh..can keep u hooked to her tales for hours..extremely reliable. gentle as she is, watch out for the temper that may shoot at times;);)she's one person whose friendship i'll cherish for life..love u, anoo."Hmmÿwhat do I say about this Buddy!! :)Highly trustworthy, very caring , very very intelligent...and more than any thing my TEAM LEAD( May be youngest TL)Man!!ÿhis Tech skills are just awesome! Nobody can beat him in a debate or a GD:))A very lively guy..u will not know how time passes when u r with him.He is one of the most jovial person around in my office.(Wonder what he¡¯s doin in his job?!..Hey Rama!..though u r always awesomely busyÿu still have time for me, u guide me, listen to my problems, make me comfortable with my work............. thanks a lot for all that Care !!)He is the pillar of the flowthru team, and is responsible for all the good metrics the team has. AND he is Father of FAE...... his blood is filled with FAE, ofcourse just an outcome of his technical thirst.And inspite of having such superb qualities..he¡¯s so down to earth!Here is someone who understands me completely.Thanks Rama!...for being one of my best buddies!"hi..friends..i knw swapna 4m my engg...she was d first one to be frnd of mine...shez my first cuteeeee,sweeeeeettt nd best buddy ever i met in my life...u knw guys v used to crack jokes in between d classes,comment on others n lotz more...v had a gr8 fun all time...i hope ammu u do remember all dese...wowwww...!!!dose moments are wonderfull n auspicious moments in our lyf i guess...v jus b in our own world...v used to never never bother abut others...i seriously miss dem alot...da..shez a multi talented person guys...she sings n dances very well...coming to her looks...shez an eye-striking personality,comely n gorgeous...shez very amicable nd kind...shez very supporting n helps others alot...wenever i turn d pages of my lyf..she'll b d spl n most important page in my lyf....she has a tremendous knowledge...ooohh..4gt to say..shez d topper of her class..n finally shez a person of joie de vivre n nouveau riche...hey keep goin as ur honey..ALL THE BEST 4 ur future da...!!!ammu u rock..!!!"A typical down to earth girl , known for her weird sense of humour.. I have known her for the past 5 years and she has become an integral part of my life. Ever smiling,Modest,Hard working,Compatible,Cares for every person around her, always lends a helping hand, very enthusiastic,on the whole a total Sweet heart.. That¡¯s Nivi for me. Not even a single day had passed without talking to her. One person whose wave length matches exactly with mine.We have had loads and loads of fun together, hours and hours of vetti arattai, night overs, oor suthuals,combined studies,done lots of crazy things and partners in crime for every damn thing.. 4 years of coll life was amazing. i would treasure them for life!!.She¡¯s all what a gr8 friend should be and means a lot to me. Happy birthday dear.A Small gift on your birthday...Keep Rocking!!"ashok mamaa.... he is rightly called as mama because if u tell a girl name he ll give all the details about that particular girl. But he is A very nice person to behave with. Very emotional and a true friend of mine. I have got only very close friends and he is one among that. The only thing that i hate in him is the questions he puts for each and everything. But to tell the fact, he has concern for you even if you don¡¯t even have time to remember him. He has got very great characters and he deserves to be called as the BEST Outgoing student of IT department."hi bro...remember me?well to describe this creature s a tough job but i can assure dat this product s very friendly.caring,talented and a easy goin fellai knw him for d past one and half years...non stop rubber mouth,chatter box just kiddin...heard dat ur movin abroad...all d best for ur future..don 4get us..bridge d gap...stay in touch,cheers,DD ""Play with us! Forward this by message to female friends but post on your wall status:The color thing got the boys so riled up today, we thought we'd try this again... This will get them thinking. Let's see how dirty their minds are.Ok, so this is the game - It's about how you have your hair styled.If its up, write ON TOPIf its down and at either side of the face, write SIDE BY SIDE If it's long & straight, write GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT If its just a complete mess, write EVERYWHERE N MESSY You get the picture!...Let's see if they get this one! but ONLY SEND to GIRLS!!!!""hi everyone to tel abt archana or achu as i call her,she is one of my close frnd...watever b it,the lab classes or exams or anythin v end up pairin as our names go together...she is a person who can match my character a lot...she is as somberi as me..and those lab classes in which v bth somberies join together r unforgettable...v effectively dont do anythin other thn sleepin n chattin...she is popularly knw as pakki...wen it comes to food v forget evrythin around us... jus kidding buddy...k all damages apart...she is very cool person to b wit,very friendly,jovial,straight frwd...on the whole a very gud frnd...thank u so much buddy for bein a part of my life...all the best..love u,appu..."nanda gopal... my good friend and our gethu tour co-ordinator from the second yr.. probably the best in convincing the guides for his quotation.. al our class guys have had many memorable moments wit him..Good in making two ppl to fight for silly things..surely the ppl around can have good laughter seeing the fight..he he he.. we both ve few thing in common.. both like to show gethu and wanna be the best among other depts......also nanga rendu perume thungum pothu porvaiku pathila prachanaiya porthitu than thunguvom......tat made us good friends.... wanna be a good friend to u forever... happy birthday da.. have a happy and healthy life forever..steffi!!!!! my sweetest pal!!! if ur looking for a friend who is trustworthy,who is always there beside u when u need,one who cares,one who pampers u at times,one who speaks the truth..almost all the time,one who wont forget u,one whom u dont want to forget,one on whom u cud always count on,a friend with an ever ready smile...a cute smile..a modest smile.. .. well...then visit my profile and add me as ur friend.. hehe...just kiddin... omg! i just realized now that all this while i was describing my dearest friend steffi!!!!!!!!!!! she is a real sweetheart...a very modest,down to earth girl...her smile is worth a million!! and i must not forget to mention that she is very intelligent..ofcourse bcoz of my influence..hehe...BUT........beneath that angelic face and cute smile,lies a small..naughty little steffu... hihi...u know atleast three times in a week she will make me run behind her!! hehe..i am soo fortunate to be blessesd upon with a friend like steffi!!!! Stay the same steffi!!!!! muaaah!!! I know Nivi as a little sister, young play mate and now, good friend.. We are cousins with whom I can have a serious discussion as well as girly talks.. I love her.. Since she has become a night owl lately, I am getting to talk to her all through my day and nights.. From when I have seen her, she has not changed much - I was not allowed to pick her up when she was young (even I was too young then..) and now, cannot do it for you all know the obvious reasons ;)It was a quiet afternoon in the Azalea kingdom...the kind of quiet that lends itself to mind-numbing chores and pointless conversations; It is also the kind of quiet that makes one restless - a strong yearning to launch oneself off this state of inertia. And if you entered the Royal nursery that's what you would find Princess Mei doing...trying to jump off The King's arms and fly into the skies on a new adventure.How can I ever not accept a testimony from the sweetest and the cutest sis of mine!! Who by the way will be mad as ever for not getting the one thing that she has ever asked me to do!!!! Shew will do it soon di !! Just for U!!"contd...A lovely human being, the most sweetest sis (jeffi is lucky), an adorable daughter whom every parent may wish..India la iruntha varaikkum we didnt call much ippa USA la irunthu call panni pesura....these testimonials r too less to tell u how special n lovely person you are da...always be as you are n be it anything u r always gonna be my bridesmaid da....May God always shower upon u all the blessings of life da....May u get what all u wish da(u knw wht i m saying he he he).....God bless you sweetheart...Love you sweetheart....Your loving best friend,Ani...... "hmm to say abt sri i cant stop me typing studios n padips..really a brialliant guy hope he s shy at first but when he starts speaking no one can stop him..he s really a very gud frnd of me (n of course a very gud bro of mine)..fun loving guy loves his mom a lot!! hardworking n does his work perfectly..he keeps himself always busy by doin some proj n all but to say in short i m lucky to have him as my ever loving frnd n cousin..steff.....she s like this sweet,innocent,down to earth gurl whose really hard to find!!she damn optimistic n a really nice person....shes always there to listen to ur problems..she s been ma friend since school days....had soo much fun in school with her around!!..can never forget da school goa trip!!n all of us sneekin in vine bottles....she s da kinds who ll stick by u always...thanks for always being there for me steff:-) Disk partitioning divides the data storage space of a hard disk into separate areas referred to as 'partitions'. Partitions are usually created when the hard disk is first being prepared for usage. Once a disk is divided into partitions, directories and files may be stored on them. Because of later changes on the computer and operating system, often an administrator or power user will be faced with the need to resize partitions, create new partitions in the unallocated space, and sometimes even undelete partitions that were previously removed or deleted."I promised a testimonial . So here I go! ( Point to be noted - I received a couple of threats that drove me to make this promise . And I also promised to keep the insulting to a minimum but gosh it's too tempting )Well , Adithya was my classmate for one whole year (I think) . It's sort of difficult to tell 'cause he hardly ever came to college!Jokes apart , He's a cool guy to hang out with and a stylish dancer!Total fun to be with and takes things lightly.Remember that one time we pranked you when you bunked a test ?That was fun! =)Anyway , It was really nice knowing you and have fun at your new college! =)Good luck and Stay in touch!Cheers,Bhargavi ""How on earth did the present model of life evolve? It appears flawed in not inconsiderable ways. This post will touch upon one of the more popular models; the one based on employment. Employment, job, work, career-call it what you will-is at the core of this model. By that I mean more than 50% of waking hours of those living this model is consumed by the employment factor. Employment typically takes place in organizations. The goal of an organization is to maximize shareholder wealth. I am not going to examine that goal. Looking at things from an employee perspective, I find that organizations function on mind bogglingly flawed principles. ""jaya....my closest and most favourite cousin...blood must be the ONLY conection between the two of us cuz otherwise, together, we make the rail tracks.... never do we converge...! though we don meet each other very often or keep in youch, i know that if not anyone, if i need any kind of family support for anything, she will be by my side... thts the kinda weird relationship i ve with this kiddo...shes a yr older yet is a kid in the head... conversations starts where the ended last, with the two of us.... we don complain abt that... i can bank on her for all the support n help i need and she knows that its vice versa too.... LOVE U SIS! :) :D"Our frienship is a long road with millions of miles to lead.The Sky is our destination n im proud to have travelled 17 beautiful yrs in it. To be frank our friendship s the oldest of all and its always endless. The best thing about Edal is she has a lot of willpower n the courage to fight till she succeeds.She is so feeble at heart n gt the best helping tendency.The gal with whom i shall share my entire self n she s the one who knows n soothe me at real pain. The worst path of Edal....Lol I have to say it..Thou she knws the reality she doesnt stick to it.she wants to reveal the golden treasures where at cases it wud have really died n still she keeps longing for it.Poor gal pain is the reward she gets.My lovable idiotic friend at times maintains senseless silence n will raise me to a high blood pressure..OOOOOOOOOOOh i wud kill u monkeyhey preethi s a flawless worker....working towards her goal...determined........studious,energitic,fun loving,eager to know al d happenings(oor vambu)....hehhe....she always studies sum book n d bus widout getting tired....she never gets tired coz she sleeps off midway nd wake up only after reaching d coll....her petname is "MEDI KUTTY".....the way she sleeps s d funniest thing...her head rolls like coconut...heheheh....bbc bus driver comedy(xam day,sunday) etc tec....our unforgettable gossips....2 mention "meena muthiah",hahahh...then our loud laughter nd comments abt others n d bus....hoopppp....superb....she takes evrytng sportively nd won mind 2 how much ever xtent u make fun of her...she keeps asking "hav i reduced my weight".....she s conscious abt her looks...she s an all rounder...takes part n paper works,speeches,gud at studies....then r shopping after xam 4 relxation...gud fun...a gud fnd nd a nice fnd 2 b wid....nice 2 hav u as my bus mate preethiiiii"hiiiiii...orite....ppl....lisen up... Till date I ve nt been able to write him a testi as i jst cud nt get hold of enough bad words to fill d page...... Bt tod wen I think of writin abt him i cannot get myself to write anythin bad abt him as hez..............a wonderful frnd.. Tis Person!!! nt esy to explain. bt i'll try hmm....He njoys hz lyf a lot n mks ppl arnd him so cmfrtble tat u realy lyk to b arnd... Hez cool , full of humour n relly no one can feel bore in his cmpny.... all i can say s hez a very humble person, really supportive, generous n a beautiful human being .... darling....... cute...... sveeet...... nyc... luvin... dese oll r his qualitiess... veneva u need him... he'll nver b dere....lolz...js kiddin.. hez a vry fun lvng guy n has a gr8 sense of humor......hes definetely sweeeet... n protective..... n luvs his girl a lot (dass the cutest part) ..oo...he heÿ I ll never forget my days wit uÿ lots of fun.. tis creature s really a chatterbox.. nvr stops.. always keep smiling baby...lots luv... ""of the covalent to the ionic bond), the chikoo video , the way you mock at my GATHA MOHA,all this makes him the best brother in the whole world and the times we've had together makes us the best siblings ever. this testimonial is not for the excellant cricketer he is, not for the awqesome tt player, not for the top scorer in academoics,not for te sama debater, not for the ncc cadet, npot for the karate kid, not fror the violin vidwan, not for being mark antony,not for being chennai girls heatr throbe, but for a very good hearted person who can make people laugh out their heads.mumbaikar banao but chennai ko math bhoolo going to miss you terribly once you are off to Bombayÿ. all the best......rock on........monisha"It's been five years since I began blogging. It is interesting to note that this blog got out the storyteller in me! Much of my initial blog posts were more personal or non-fiction rather than stories and somewhere in the middle, my storytelling instincts woke up and the result, I ended up even changing the name of my blog to "The storyteller's hut"."hmmm sriram...he s one sweet gud guy...kinda those few transparent n straightfrwd guys lik whom to find s difficult in orkut...we ve been chattng fr few months nw n found him to be pretty cool...does lotsa coll wrk in d weekdays n lotsa chattng in d weekend...gud balance dude...lol...jus kiddng ;0k i ll write a much bigger n more intrstng testi wen v both kno each othr much more as days go by...tc... :)-MADHU :0 "I have a special place for Tibet in my heart ¡ª especially since one of my dearest friends is a Tibetan. And I think that it¡¯s quite a strug gle for Tibetans today try ing to find their iden tity wher ever they are in the world. It¡¯s not easy when your home land is no longer yours. Or that you can no longer even ¡°visit¡±. And that the only images you can see of your home land are the ones you see through films that make their way out of the bor ders. I can¡¯t even begin to think what it feels like for the Tibetan community. "ahem! :-) people.. this is my one awesome pal.. VIVIK... oops...sorry vivek! lol..one big time ""motivator"" for me..always have somethin optimistic to say..wen i say somethin negativ...:-) he's a intelligent brat..wo has got a loooong list of credits .. achieved...:) he starts everyday with .... some of his favourites carnatic musik..lolz;-);-)! n god knows wen he sleeps..he hardly sleepz..! so hard working?? or maybe hardly working;-)! lolz! one thing vivek..really needs to learn is to put his bike's stand..;-) hmmm..how can i forget..? hmm....bout somethin important in his life..tat's gonna happen soon..! wel, oopz! lemme not say anythin bout it..i don't wanna be hit..lolz..sorry vivek..manage the consequences!hehe!we're gonna really miss you vivek..wen u fly to sweden! don't forget d promise u made...oct 11th! lol..i made a public announcement! so no escape! your one really gift of a friend to be me dude!:-)P.S: that's all i can wirte for the frankies you buy me da! ;-) ;-) heh heh!!"sriram-> my best frnd n also a very gud cousin who posses al d qualities a bro n frnd has :) (starting eh ice vaikarenu overa sandhosa padadha da :) ) thou sri never opens his mouth durin childhud days, he always tops his class (apadinu yaaroo sonadha gyabagam :D ).. well during my anna's poonal ,u got 94% ( i guess i m correct abt ur %) in ur 10nth n wer giving sweets (i mean one pulipu mitai).. i guess after ur 10nth std u started talking (appa elaarkum 3 vayasukula pechu varum unaku mattum 15 vayasula vandirku!!! :D) .. but after entering coll 1ly we started sharing a lot.. thou i m 9 months elder to u yet both r in same boat (ena kodumai sri idhu!!) nywaz padipunu vandha polandhu katiduva!! ipa nanave pesa kathunta (elaam my training only!! :D ) guess even in chicago univ u wil top!! (en name ah kapathu da!! :D) seri una damage panadhu porum.. konjam senti now: i wish sri to b my best ever frnd n bro til i live. may u get long lyf (and disturb others!!).hav fun n take care :) meet u in nxt testi da :) Sukaaanya....i love this chick. She's my shopping buddy and food buddy and gossip buddy and workout buddy (even though we just talk about workin out...lol) and my SISTA! Love this girl shez sooo badass. Ross (not the guy in friend's but the store) is our special place...we like to dress for less...hahahahahaha. This testimonial is as loosu as we are. I'd like to close with a song: The party needs to get its act together everywhere. They have not been effective in Parl. No use harping on MS. His days are over. Rahul will be the PERSON to oppose. Who is being groomed for this. The party should have young faces from dalits, obcs, muslims and christians also. They should be visible.In fact constituency wise tickets should be issued right now. And also they should have a shadow cabinet, with appropriate ministers in waiting, talking on key issues in Parliament pertaining to their ministry. No Arun Shourie - BAD. No Yashwant Sinha - GOOD and Jaswanth is out.The party should also explain the structure - President... VP etc, the precedence and stru. A good corporate culture will see them win next elections. Already the wave is building against UPA."Yet another very important episode of my life began.January 25th, when i got the big doubt, i could not wait a minute.Kumar suggest we wait for a week and then see a doctor, he was afraid i might get dissapointed.Thats me, very impatient. Finally took home test and it came positive. Informed my mom and mom-in-law. mom was confused that how i can test at home. mom-in-law was skeptical as in her opinion it is too early to know about it. Next day i got the same test done from a clinic and it came positive.""If yu can find the most coolest person in the world,then vivek bro is one amongst em!!That's why i call him as UC Vivek..dats Ultra Cool Vivek!!..He's a big fan of ajith sir and DADA..in fact a big admirer...That's how we got to know each other...He kicks off his day(not only his,but others' day too) with an inspirational quote....He's got abundant talent in mechanics..he's juz too good in it...he's a multi faceted person yu know..and a multi-langual(outta d book ) person too...He exactly reflects yu..I have neva seen him lose his coolest attire...he will be there 4 yu,when yu need...He is a good chef too....he keeps things simple...a happy go lucky bro..He is modest ,coz he wont show off things even thou he knows a million bucks.....I juz cant keep out cool outta vivek na..to say the least he is juz tooooo cool a guy yu can get...He does things classically..he has his own style that no one can dare to have or imitate."kavya.. well we've known each other from 2nd standard.. its a loooooong time... she's a great friend.. ive enjoyed every moment with her.. i've got such fond memories... We were together in school, college and office too :) we've done a lot of pranks and i always end up laughing and get caught :) she's one straightforward and down to earth person.. never hides what she feels... always bubbly.. really caring and very sweet friend of mine... im glad we're friends...:) "enna panra nee???" ;) i know u'l never forget that.. lol.. keep rocking... mathura puriiiiiiiii...rite from class 5 we ve been studyin together and til date she has been a very close fren f mine..highly strong in fundas....so muc of interst n expandin her knowledge....terribly hard workin....sema fun loving gal..cool at comment aduchifyin.......she looks a single situation from so many angles.......oh my.......she luvs bio lik hell..hw many night's precious sleeps she has sacrificed for tat..such a gr8 artist she s...very creative..she s so dear to me..we don talk often..but once a whil wen we talk ll powrdown everythin...we were n same class til tenth..den shifted to same skool again..den got into same coll..nw placed n same firm....nw hw do i cal dis..im short of words..........tats the relationship bet preets and mathura...wat more s needed to explain d bond bet us.....need u til d end mathu..lets rock:-}One time-tested tradition that hasn't changed in Chennai is that  when you go to someone's house, you always walk away with a blouse bit. About 15-20 years ago, this was actually a good thing. I've seen my mom stitch blouses from all the various pieces she got from neighbors, relatives and friends. Sarees were simple back then, didn't have "attached" blouse material, colors were straight forward and blouse pieces were always of the 2x2 variety. Everyone was happy."stefuuuu :)...wowieee :) she's suchaa chweethrt!!!! ready to be der for her frns nytime :).... wit tat cute lil smile of hers..... dis bubbly gal s a big movie bufffffffffff ... n her like for movies s jus like me .... n she's very JOYous around wit JOYfull moments and enJOYin everythin.... enough of JOYs know da.. he he :)..... how she blushes lukin at joy... u luk awesome :)..... juz loves her pets .... casper,eena,meena,deeka... :)... never ever seen her get angry... very patient ... helped wit all my ints :) he he .... she's a biggggggggggggg fan of d colour ""PINK"" frm her pouches to wallet.... i like all ur junk jewel collection its too gud stefuu!!!ahhhh u rem how i drove ur car first time :) ... u liked d ride know ...he he :), i know u ill neva gimme a chance again ;) ....she's leavin to U.S very sooooon .... ill miss u around :(.....hopefully we meet der again :)...i had a splendid time in coll wit u... ill miss all d fun we had in class!! Luv ya !!ALL THE VERY BEST FOR UR FUTURE!!! "pitty her little..for sitting next to me from starting of col days..intially madam all uneffected of moi pranks n meddlings...then she too got involved n often got caught ..which s most amusing..but most pitiful s moi as i get more often caught..whether she does anyting or moi..also i broke her leg in pretense of trying doubles on bike...othewise no more troubling her......very soft spoken..awesum leadership qualities..proof=semma publicity handling..gets hyper at tyms...can't forget the banglore tour where madame all tym jumpings..biggest pakki on earth..cha n inflencing moi also wit all her bad habits.....biggest confused case ..nothing wrng bcause me also one..but not so confused as her...till end u wont noe wat she has decided ...semma responsible..prob bcause she playing role of an elder sis...semma versatile..tamil hindi english all kinda songs she noes n listens to ...one thing i ought to learn for certain..neva shows her tempers to others..PART2:He's a deep thinker,startegic decision maker and diligent worker who will ultimately become not just a manager but a humane and charismatic business leader one day.In my opinion,he is already an MBA-"Machi with the Best Attitude".I'm so lucky to have him as my friend.Buddy,Wish u thumping success in all ur endeavours.ATB....Rock on!!!!!"Mr.Sunil Kumar promised us that he will deliver new brand Maruti Alto LXI to our residence (i.e., home delivery) with his driver Mr.Manjunath on 17-June-2007. We were asked to be present for the pooja of the vehicle at BIMAL Showroom, Indiranagar and assured us that the vehicle will be safely delivered to our residence through BIMAL driver Mr.Manjunath.While parking the vehicle for fixing the Basic accessories, Mr.Manjunath, driver of BIMAL Auto Agency dashed another vehicle (which was just parked aside BIMAL showroom) and met with an accident, in which the vehicle which was supposed to be delivered to us got damaged.Mr.Sunil Kumar promised us that he will deliver new brand Maruti Alto LXI to our residence (i.e., home delivery) with his driver Mr.Manjunath on 17-June-2007. We were asked to be present for the pooja of the vehicle at BIMAL Showroom, Indiranagar and assured us that the vehicle will be safely delivered to our residence through BIMAL driver Mr.Manjunath.""Then he is one brainy fellow,being his sister people expect me to be like him,...topped in tenth in one subject in twelfth too,then 99.3 percentile n CAT,admit into NITIE, then his english which makes me sit gaping( ppl need to have an oxford dictionary when talking with hhim in english),his mokai hindi( mine is better than yours ), his ""SO CALLED ""dance which is a little better than bhagyaraj , then people around encouraging him for hissong(thatha called u m,adurai SOMU ) but only i know abouyt the complaints from the neighbours sayng their kid is crying listening to his songs , the way he mimcs pati , the way he pulls thatha's legs,the way we laugh at thatha's misprononunciation , theway he makes me undersatnd my mistake, the way he makes me laugh when i am about to cry (THAMBI pose ),the way welaugh at comedies,the way we share secrets,the way he encourages me, the way he took care of me the three uyears when appa amma were away( the time span which constituted the transformation""mmm.. just realised the i havent written a post since the dawn of the new yearÿnot good na..i better write one.. but guess wat.. i havent even thought of what to write yet.. and i ve already begun ehhÿ !! CRAZZY! Hey thats it! i ll write abt being just a touch crazy! doing wacckky stuff! something like this.. being completely spontaneous.. with complete disregard to consequences..! wow! its fun man! just the other day.. some body asked me are u really this crazy orÿand stopped mid way after the or..Sometimes i dont understand why ppl ask me such questions.. if i was really crazy did they expect me to answer in the affirmative.. or wat.. Never mind! On the other hand however.. wats wrong in being just a little crazy?? The biggest advantage as I see it is 40 years down .. when u are sitting in an easy chair with 2 yummy looking grandchildren one on each lap..u ll have storiess to tell!! U knoww.. granny was such a naughty thing when she was young.. ! I did this and that and this and that.. and the children will listen to u in awe and say.. myyy granny bestesst in their broken english! wow! priceless! If u bore them with the I was always the seedha-saadha 1st ranker who got a gold medal like stuff.. naaah! buzz off patti is probably all you ll end up getting.uoY era gnitirw na elcitra dna ylneddus u leef ekil gnitirw ekil siht! os taw !?? tooohs!!!  Your neighbour¡¯s kids have come home and are demanding tooti frooti icecream.. u have only vanilla.. so wat.. take some cut mango pieces from mom¡¯s pickle garnish the vanillaÿand say whoosh tooti frooti ice cream readyyy:P enjoy the cocktail and the appreciation!Feel like wearing crazy jajjang clothes and going for a stroll? Just do it man..Wanna go on an escapade all alone to the andamans.? Off u go! You are in office and its raining. Feel like enjoying the rain? Do it and charm one and all with the wet-look:P You see a beautiful butterfly fluttering past? Think u are six and go running after itÿ don¡¯t bottle it thoÿ ( poor little thing) just enjoy the chase:P Why care what who thinks? Anything to break the monotony!""Whereever I go, I seem to have this habit of comparing the place with chennai. In Hyd the roads are real good (if you are from chennai, roads will seem good whereever you go:-)). Bur seriously, the roads are good. But people drive recklessly. The last time I went, I witnessed bikes sprawling on the ground and sparks coming...It was scary! That way, I think chennai is better. Since the roads are bad, you cannot drive beyond a certain speed. And in Hyd, the auto meters work!!!!!"arthi rt maggi u can call her watever u want she is the same sweet person..i met her some 3 yrs back in DAV..i dont remeber bein closer to anyone else..in the two yrs studied with her in school i cant remember a day that ended without me talkin with her(atleast over phone)..so mant sleepovers..so many secrets exchanged...so many giggles shred..so many exam fevers soothed by ezch other...really SWEET MEMORIES..i really mean it..wishin her "happy frenship day" at 12 wen she was in my plaxe... sittin in the last bench and passin notes to each other..tryin to save each other frm dozin off in the class..tryin to callin her at 12 on her b'day(and she not pickin up the phone coz she was sleepin peacefully in her room)so many unforgetable and delicious moments shared with her.she is one fine sway in the dance floor very very famour among the seniors and particularly was so very famous in DAV aana onnu sollanum ponnu sema oc adippa watch out ppl.If u dint noe rt get to noe her if u already noe her get to noe her moreCharanya is one of my best palÿ..A very very good friend of mine..She is very friendly,caring,loving ÿShe is my busmate,classmate and my neighbour tooÿ.She is also the previous Roll to meÿ.This shows the bound between us..We have had lot of fun always together ,Whenever I go to her house ,Dono how time whiles away, Have great pleasure when I am with herÿI jus know her after joinin college for the past three years,But we are good friendsÿÿInfact charanya does a lot of help for meÿOne thing abt her is that she is very studious,punctual,sincere in everything she doesÿI am exactly opposite of her,If I have not missed my coll bus in the morn,it should be cos of her , charu always gives me a call when the bus reaches her stop , after which I start from home..Nice to have a good friend like u charu..Hope we remain good friends till the endÿ. "well here goes my 2nd testi for my best pal....i knoe too much of her to contain it all in 1024 chars....ya she does fall a lot like mentioned in her other testis...but definitely stands by ur side wen ur in trouble nd speaks up for u..(too much mokkai???)...jus looking at her makes me smile..nd even now i feel toooooo bad for not being in her deparment...but i jus hope we end up in same work place!!!...she knoes all my secrets even the dark ones...our tastes match a lot...anywyz she is really sweet nd has a beautiful smile nd a little lazywill do anthng for u if ur her true pal..she absolutely cant hide her feelings...either tht or i can read faces very well..u can tell frm her face whether she is interested or not....compared to me she hasnt been ragged much by the seniors(anybdy reading ths!!!!!)she has never been angry wit me...even wen i pulled her to see a gr8t movie (""dark water""..it sucks!!...shockingly stupid)..she loves to play the guitar..even though she doesnt knoe to!!"Everyone knows motherhood is tough. That it takes as much out of you as it gives...both in time and joy. One invests so much time and energy into being that perfect mother - the kind who bakes cupcakes on Saturdays just because it is Saturday, who stays awake late into the night folding onesies and stitching fancy buttons on a costume - there are moments that one forgets to be a daughter."Really! looking at my blog..i see only travelogues. Anyway, we had been to Swamimalai few weeks back. This has been a long pending visit - should have gone after our marriage. But better late than never. It is a nice temple, but after being a regular at kapaleeshwarar temple, I feel for the crowd Swamimalai is pulling, the temple could have been better maintained.We also stopped over at Kumbeshwarar temple in kumbakonam."well this is Gay3's dear frnd.. finnaly i decided to write nice testi.. 4 ma cutie smiling beauty... u can say that... she is ur angel, ur darling, sweetheart, bla bla bla.. or wadever.. i wud like to say proudly that she is ma chweet F.R.I.E.N.D. coz u can know if u get close 2 her that she is the definition for it... she is soft,cute, lovable, smart, dazzling, charmin, georgous, angel, sweetheart, outstanding bunny.lol u can say those jus by her look.. we made our frndshp,its an accident....we r frnds,its an incident...we r gud frnds,its a history ofcourse.. she is good dancer...[nt sure..lolz jus saying by seeing her ablum]... but i swear she will be gud dancer, i say that by her expressions..... u reaAALY cute dear... but little bit moKKa.....LoL. Take care while travelling dear... n dnt travel often coz i will b missing u badly.....u know im a person who dsnt belive god but see this is calld fate.... im thanking him now for gifted u as ma frnd..... b in touch darling..."This is my bestest brother. Damn cool. Talent romba jaasthi. Thala fan a irukardhunalayo ennavo, he has chosen aero modelling even for his project Romba padips. Evalo talented a irundhalum, he does not show it offRomba thuru thuru junior enaku.. i make fun of him at the extremes. never he has raised his eyebrow for that.. very good chamathu junior ivan enna vida periya paiyan.. but i never knew all that before. i thought he is younger to me kadasila b'day ketta ippidi bomb thooki potutan irundhalum he is my junior n i am his senior romba sirika veppan junior.. avan sirikardhu adha vida sirippa irukum Junior no idly faceBe happy forever.. for ur gr8 brain n character, u will shine well in life. All the very bestAnnnnuuuusssshhhhaaaaUr ever loving sis""7th Std - that was when I knew her first and over the next four years - I did think she was this very pretty girl with a very pretty smile who could talk well, but someone with loads of attitude and someone who could get into fights & arguments at the drop of a hat.Don't know what created that opinion, but it stayed through out the four years that knew her. and then, the girls of E sections in 9th Std & 10th Std were kind of known for having attitude... and it was taken for granted she was one among them after all!But 6 years later on, meeting again in Orkut and our communication over the past 1.5 years has completely changed my opinion about her - no.. not the opinion about her being a pretty girl, but her being a fighter-cock! And now I can go all out & tell how sweet, how nice, how warm and how friendly she can be! And she has also shown how strong a person can get to be in life!"wow!my dalu ramze! its really an immense pleasure 4 me 2 write a testi!v both r best pals rite 4m our 1st standard! shez my jutt dosth!i really felt the essence of true fndship in her!shez the sweetest thn on earth!she z the 1 knw who knwz completely abt me n my family!shez trust worthy! i still cant 4 get the ramzan in her house ! i ve 2 def say abt her mom very sweet shaki aunty! who exactly looks lik her sis! i shud really thank her 4 givin me such a wonderful fnd! the best is that in our 17 years of fndship v ve never fought ! though i raise my voice at times 2 her she has never raised until this date 2 me! so sweet of her u knw! shez the 1 who understands me! n she knwz all my answers b4 she asks the questionf! in short shez my other part!! the worst part s her fear towards each n every thin! my god! i cant explain it she fear s4 all useless craps! thiz shwz her sensitivity n innoscence! shez open 2every 1! other thin s tat shez an all time busy gal never c her sittin idol in any ocassion! i "Hi Shari, that's a good point regarding US-Asia.  I thought Jim mentionedincluding US-Asia with another department, so it does make sense toinclude them within your domain.Yes, John Howe and Shankar Jagadeesan will be the technical leads thathave been instrumental in outlining the groundwork for the proposedarchitecture and will be implementing these changes for both CMBA andLiautaud."Gautham sir is someone who is so very open to suggestions from people and while working under him I observed that quality and reminded myself to learn from that. All that I had to do while dubbing for the movie was just hear him say the dialogue a couple of times and then repeat it.  He would literally act out every line. The way he says the dialogues are just awesome, for lack of a better word. I thought even if I could 'ee adichaan' copy the way he says the lines, or maybe as best as I can, it would be easy. The sessions were always fun. A lot of times Mr Ganesh would also be there and he is a man who is fun to have around. He has a quirky sense of humour and a peculiar voice. He might just be saying something like "I want to drink water" and I would double up laughing just for the way he says it. A couple of times I met Silambarasan at the dubbing studio and he used to do a great job of imitating Mr Ganesh. All the sessions were happy times, fun, with great food. I discovered the desserts of Sandy's Chocolate Lab during these and we used to pig out on the food during breaks. Gautham sir and his team are great foodies. I met some great people, got to know them, made a couple of good friends in the process and this experience has given me beautiful memories that I will cherish.My first testimonial ever scripted does deserve my best friend Edal Varma... Hai Edal this is nt to show u hw much our friendship n love means but to show the world that Allah has blessed me with a everlasting frienship in my life.....Masha Allah Edal u are someone great.someone peculiar indeed. Edal doesnt mingle much with people but those who deserve her friendship are gifted .She is soft humble n gt the least libran character.She is my JUTTDOSTH n im able to predict her at all situations.She gt her own way but im sure her path is always right.Her mom adds to her character n dedicates all her life to her only dayghter. EDAL a slim sleek beauty with an enchanting look almost resembles Deepika Padukone in her shape(LOL!) n the man waiting to hold her hands is more fortunate.Beauty is nt just the outer looks but also the inner heart that adds charm to it Edal sets an example for it.Edal u are really fantasticdecided to follow your words...committed to write your testimonial... so will do it though backing out is a much easier option! ok...lets get going... to start with, he's the most humble guy i've ever met. has got loads of tricks up his sleeve but doesn't look it one bit. U can look up to him as a role model for success, an avatar of sincerity or watever... but beyond his career and academic achievements, talents and brains lies a very helping, friendly and supportive person. he says he wants to do an MBA... but the way he speaks ull feel like he's a lecturer for MBA... god he knows of all the possible mgmt principles on earth...lol.. never say 'i know' to him or else ud have to hear a bigger lecture than what ud have if u dint know:-P and dont let my testi create any preconceptions about him in ur mind coz that's a terrible mistake too:-) likes to keep smiling all the time... for me he's been a great friend and an elder brother to look up to anytimeShe is my benchmate from day 1 of college... first lady of our class... rite now shes doin a great job as our class rep... the only person i have seen being so possessive abt papers in her notebook... an awesome veena player... give her a tune and d next moment she wil play it for u... had lotsa fun wit her in college...innocent,caring,friendly and also a bit sensitive... she can very well take classes on 'how to blush' coz she does tat a lot.. one of my best friends in college and its good to have a friend like her. "this is the second testi i am putting up for this girl.well i had been asked for it,so you must all be knowing what i am going to say.hmm aarthi has been my nice good friend since class five.we have great times together like cycling around the great moonwalk in adyar.acctually the fourth main road behind malar hospital was supposed to be really really bad,and we used to have fun cycling on the bumpy roads.then we also used to cycle to the beach and have great fun.aarthi is fashion concious and trendy girl.she had got stuffs with her,if any girl runs short of anything,aarthi is there to help.very chweet and very help full.her critics will always be true and are worth listening to.she used to darn crazy about mukkal drowsers<decently called as pedal pushers>and sleeveless tops,but now no way as she is in ssn.yet she is having her own kind of fun.then she is also a choco fan and she used to love getting dressed up.she likes me doing hairstyles for her,guess who am i????""i think its because he's piscean.. or maybe because he refuses to touch coffee and made me drop my addiction too (:D) .. or the fact that he lives on an 8th floor apartment with the most stunning view of the city.. or coz he sings so well..it could even be coz he's one brainy dude who doesnt show it.. or his ""anyaaya"" enthusiasm for life and all its quirks.. maybe its because he prefers public buses to driving around in his zen,.. or that undying nature to flirt ... maybe its the way he seems to say everything that i want to, a minute before i actually say it .. lolz..maybe its coz he's one big contradiction when it comes to the topic of tradition and modernity...maybe its that contagious laugh.. maybe its his love for the ""gaads"" :) .. or that fact that he's totally like me.. or any number of things. i dont care really.just take it from me for granted.. shiv'sone great friend... THIS guy, u definitley want to meet :)"I forgot to mention something and instead of inserting it in the previous post, I decided do write anew. Dubbing for Theeradha Vilayaattu Pillai and Vinnaithaandi... happened at the same time and the hero's name in both movies is Karthik. I was also dubbing for the Telugu versions of both movies and incidentally I had probably said the name Karthik a million times. One of those days I had a recording in the night and had to walk into the next day, I started calling random people and my mother also, with the name Karthik.. got up in the morning and said absent mindedly "Karthik... I want coffee" to Amma.. If I had mentioned any other name, she would have been happier thinking and had the feeble hope that I had finally found someone, but since she knew that was the name of the hero in two movies, at the same time, she new better. The number of times I have said Karthik or even the name Gautham in the movies I have dubbed is phenomenal. Karthik ... Gautham.. Gautham... Karthik.. There was a rare Shakthi or a Ravi here and there. Someone once told me that naming the hero and heroine is a big issue for several people and hence they usually just pick something ... like Prem or Rahul in Hindi movies.. they cited this example. I forget who told me this.. Anyway that is that.well..in the prev testi,i just talked about his professional achievements;his academic achievements also deserve to be mentioned:best outgoing student in school and college,topper right from pre-kg to graduation,scholarship holder and university rank holder...whew.How did u manage all this dude...just listing all this out is pretty tiring ;-).But there is so much more to rama,sometimes i wonder how anybody could be professionally and academically so successful and yet not even show the slightest hint of haughtiness..on the contrary,he is an amazing person;always there for u when u need him.I will never forget those pep-talks and 'worldly-wisdom' sessions of his.He is been this awesome pillar of strength,hey...i have no clue what i would do without u pa.I know this is getting extremely senti but pls bear with me..i am still not done.He is also an amazing brother and a dutiful son.I just have NO IDEA how anybody could be such an Ideal creation but thats rama for u..dont ever change,be d same dude.....cheers "Emails have invaded our lives but we cannot do without mailboxes either can we? My son likes to check our mailbox to see if we have got any mails. It has now become more like a routine. Everyday as soon as his dad comes back from office, they both go and check mails.""It¡¯s Friday, June 26, 2009.  I¡¯m sitting across the room from Jeff Bridges and he¡¯s talking about playing Kevin Flynn in Tron Legacy.  All around me are the most amazing artistic renderings of what the film is going to look like.  I¡¯m smiling from ear to ear.Last summer, when the movie was still being filmed, Disney invited a few lucky online journalists to the Vancouver set.  At the time, the movie was shrouded in secrecy and the few of us that walked onto the set were treated to an amazing visit and given a ton of access to the story, shown the practical sets, and we were able to interview the cast.  Since that day, I¡¯ve waited patiently, wanting  to be able to recount all of my experiences on set and to be able to tell you what I saw and learned.""Jason Segel has found his rainbow connection with Disney's Muppets movie, signing to star as the human lead.He also will join David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman of Mandeville Films/TV, the studio-based shingle behind last year's ""The Proposal,"" as a producer on the project.""She is a very very sweet girl :)Its hardly 2 months since I started talking to her. She is a fun loving girl. And she will make you smile :) Her smile is a most precious thing which she have. I always get inspired by way she overcome her stress.Our IDS 506 gang just rocks!! We always meet to discuss about project but end up with guitar sessions or Marathi vocabulary or discussing about words like ""Kote Rubber"" or searching advertisements in you tube. In short, anything other than IDS 506 :D And what else you can except if Priya is around you!!Keep Smiling Dear :) Hope you get everything in your life !!"What a match it was! Roger Federer at last won the epic final that lasted over four hours ? his 7th Wimbledon Championship pursuit in which he had so much at stake. And he did it, - broke Pete Sampras¡¯ record as the holder of maximum Grand Slam titles, became one of the few players to have won the French Open and the Wimbledon in the same season and of course regained the prized No. 1 spot. At the end of it all, he was smiling politely, no fuss, no tears ? kissing the cup, perhaps the most coveted of all slams.We were shocked to see that accident of our new vehicle, which we came to take our home. We were emotionally hurt by this incident. Immediately, we rushed to the Sales Manager of BIMAL, Mr.Dhanraj. Since, he was not available in the showroom one of his executive connected us over the phone to talk to him. We narrated the whole incident to Mr.Dhanraj. He started shouting at us and asked to get out of the showroom taking the same vehicle in the same condition. Giving the reason that the ownership of the vehicle is being transferred by making registration of the vehicle, Mr.Dhanraj told that he is no more responsible for anything that happened. When we requested him to come to the spot and rectify the problem, he started abusing us telling that he is having a family and not to disturb him on his holiday. We tried calling him again and again, he did not respond to our call. Further, a tedious struggle began to reach some other senior officers of BIMAL Auto Agency, but none of the executives gave any information about their seniors.perfect epitome of demagogue ..jus too senitive..pat on her back n she yells as though we hit her wit iron for ..too moody n short tempered lik moi....n can pul her leg to any xtent n entertain urselves ...al teachers fond of her ..(hw come aish)...helpful... strng in concepts she noes..jus has too many fans....perfect lab partner..while away tym either trying most complicated concepts(which we doubt if we act thought ourselves) or jus yawning n blabbing utter crap n talking like imbecile ppl ..awesom teacher she can bcome..al d seminars taken til date impressive n increased her fan club....btw hw can i forget abt d jarring lunch box..sema attractive da...n neva opens..nice ting for u 2 play wit..n ya wat an ice cream lover..major hand in comleting entire family pack ise cream..n requires no company.."okay im not as good with words as you are OKAY! so cut us some slackthis means i gota say sumthn nice ae ??*clix*dammitVIGAAAY! watz gewd in d hood!! LOLhmm met this fella last yr ..comes to my house with anna and impresses mum with conversation!haha suck upppp!!imagine this! two nri'z having an argument over nothing in tamil! haha yes we both flew frm diff parts of the world to meet here so we can have our lil fights verbally that is! and me being me ALWAYS wins! coz im jus da BEST!gna deny this buh...him n anna have sumthn going on haha no im not jealous!fabolous dancer! lol nearly...just nearly as good as me dw youll get there one day! hehe! quiet sensitive n very open with his opinions(evn if it means dissn yur own mate out for me:P ahem ahem)but at the same time likes to pick on me!.. daii!!need i say more?ladiesz man! lawlz! very good with his words hasa way of getn to you! BE AWARE! haha naaww! stay the same never changetcLalloo ""I'm writing in again...something must be really wrong with me...( just kidding)..Hmmm....people she's great fun to be with....very caring...highly mischievous...hard core entertainer... I always associate u with Hubli...those days were so much fun...pulling each others leg..The so called combined studies which were more concentrated on general issues rather than on studies... we used to talk the whole day in college but would still have a lot left to talk over the phone after college...n those rides on ur bike(spirit)...putting us on high spirits.. superb fun that was...how much i miss all that... !!! but i'm glad that i was a part of all the fun ...but what i don't like is u irritating me when i start telling about Maddy...i'm used to it though...i think i have covered most of the things..will keep updating when new things come in..miss u loose....very much....take care...."Well this girl is very neat.., always arranging her shelves (even if they are clean) .. a good coook ..can never forget the times when we used to cook and ask our mothers to judge whose cooking is good.. the library we used to fly off when we get hols.. ( you still got to return ur sweet valley novels..) .. i still remember the days when we used to go to church every evening.., praying for us to get seats in good colleges.. simple superb de.. those are one of the best moments in my life.."Steffi, stef,stefu etc etc. whatever people like to call her they do.. and she is always there to listen to them. four years or if I cut short the exact duration, its roughly around 36 months since I know her.At college, she is 5% at her desk, 80% chatting remaining 10% thinking about shijo.. :D but still she does everything in time.She is just like a kid.I don't know why but all of us just love to get bugged by her daily and without her its so boring. So, always be with us Steffi.Like friends forever!She seems like a teddy and initially i always wanted maintain a distance from her till one day.............guess what we had a fight!!!!this is one of the rare qualities she had got ......beside talking funny and being superficially intelligent.................but to be honest she can be really smart sometimes.............sometimes she is exceptionally intelligent(I wonder it most have come coz she is influnced by me :)). "my pal ryt from the 1st sem.. a gal with a lot of values..n who lives upto them..a nice jovial gal..but not always:P..she can b very short tempered too...but most of the time..she's very innocent(i dont mean ignorant:P) n a very sweet person...a very funny n easy goin gal..likes to b funny n to appreciate funny things too..a gal impossible to forget!charanya does it all!..:)"Arabic LoveYou turn.There is such grace and beauty in that torqued motion,in the way you look at us all.I am going to dim my light.So I can dissolve in yours.I look at the vast stretch of barren fields that separate us.I see many others have dimmed theirs too.Is there a way to measure love?Because you have conquered us all.------------------------------------------------------------------------Zoom-in: A woman, turned away, and dressed in white.A bright shade of yellow light fills the gaps, silhouetting her.Zoom-out: The landscape melts into the frame. The woman is standing near a tree, and she is in the middle of an olympian field. Lights, camera, action!A man comes running from behind, the penumbra of yellow light being gradually covered by the the man's presence.Shift camera angle to man's view point:He gazes at her, as if he wants this image to stay in his mind forever. She turns, and this movement of hers could kill him! This is abstractly portrayed by his decision to ""dim his light"", or his 'aura' (and therefore, arguably, his ego)."Oh man, that was one of the very few things I din't like about this movie. The hero's name. Karthik is a veryyyyyyyyyy common name and I would want directors to chose something apart from the regular ones.mammmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ashok raj is really good friend of mine................he s padips of our class...........really good in programming........he always tells tat he din study anything(something fishy behind tat!!!!!!!!!!) but ll get gud marks...........he really cares for his friends.........helps a lot before exams(definitely not inside the hall)...........he s one of the sincere sigamani s who sit in the first row and listen interstingly to the boring lectures..............he s also good in sports (he s a district player in volleyball) and also a good badminton player....................and one more thing his friend circle is really huge.... he has friends all over chennai..............jus name an area n he ll be knowing someone there.........great machan u rock da......................well, i finally sat down to write testi for one of my grt friend. seetha thats how i call Ramya, is one of my oldest friend. our friendship has flourished our lives. my memories are still so fresh. we had silly fights and i still remember one of them. seetha and me are same height, so in our class we sat in height order & thereby i had to sit with her. seetha used to fight alot. (so slightly scared). and then to avoid fights, we used to measure the length of the bench & then divide it by 2. & draw a line using chalk, declaring borders. it was like LOC only. missing those crazy school days. and now i see the same beautiful girl in a very different perspective. she has grown bold, daring and so matured. i doubt whether seetha fights nowadays. i can never see anyone who can be so ambitious & stand up inspite of lot of struggles in life. she is very friendly & i admire the contacts she has with old friends. she never forgets you, if u r in her friendship list. wish our friendship lasts forever. keep smiling dear.hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii this is poo ///////////////////////// ok i m gfoinng to tell some thing about jaya (gayathiri) ok let me say sum lies abt her 1.she is a very good gal!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2.quite gal !!!!!!!!!!!! 3. very bad in dancing then etc etc..................... okkkkkkkkkkkkkkk okkkk i think u feel like slaping me nw ................... to say abt jaya she is a very good dancer who always teach me the new dances which i dont knw and help me by clearing my douts............ist nt dddddddddddddd.......... she is a good friend for all of us but she like to talk a lot with my sister than meeeeeeeeeeee she is one of the rowdy in my dancing class....... i just love her eyes a lot........... i like her attitude tat she is always frist and i admire her way of dancing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i like her soooooooooooooo much when she fight with person i dont like(i knw i m selfish) she loves to take photos wen ever v go out............... last but nt the least she is a multi talented gallllllllllllll"someone once said ""There is no sincere love than love for food""I miss my grand mom's cooking. I was with my grand parents during my childhood. Making milk cova was such a tedious process then, almost takes a day. Since its made on stove with burning wood, it used to be not pure white as we get in shops today, but nothing tastes as good as it.my grandfather used to get all sorts of fruits/nuts from our farm, baby groundnuts, raw custard apples, corn and my grand mom used to toss them onto hot coal and they used to taste like heaven."Dono how to start an wer to start....in short EDAL ur ma EDEN dear......shez ssoooooo cutie cutie..... de cutest frn i ve evr known...i ve known her for de past 3 yrs an dey r de sweetest moments.... she has been all thro ma hard times an has helpd me to overcome thm vth confidence an faith in god.....she s a very spiritual kinda gal.....she luvs her mom like anythng.....acc 2 me her best an worst part s tat she doesn get angry vth anyone...... handles thngs very patiently..... now she s gettng matured to handle her pblms.....mmmmmm......wat not..... can keep on sayng abt her.....now adays she has startd behavng humourous......happy abt t...she s steadfast..... an of course she speaks childish whch s admirable...she luvs dogs(ha ha ha)..shez ma trust worthy stupid sweet frn.....in simple words U CAN FEEL DE TRUE ESSENCE OF FRNSHP OUT OF HER...experience t... u cant fnd such a sweet carng an luvng anywhr else.....luv u macha..u mean a lot in ma lyf....gods blessngs s always vth u.....take care sweetieanu this is our tenth year of friendship(can u believe it).. miss the chat food which we both used to have after school, our so called swimming classes, pizza corner,and our bitching abt others.. every moment was fun.. though we both were hardly in touch after i left school we r still friends till date and thats what matters a lot.. anu u r just the same as u were when i first met u... bubbly always, talkative is an under statement, fun loving,ur passion 4 music and dance, still crzy after Rahul dravid inspite of him becoming old now( ha ha i know u will screw me 4 that)..anu i love seeing u get angry when ever i talk abt ur best enemy ..its so much fun to see ur face red hot at that moment.. anyways one advice 4rom me is u trust every one blindly 4 god sake change that habbit ..don"t judge evry one so quickly.. all i can is remember i am alwys there 4 u when ever u need me.. and don"t scream at me 4 not calling u very often becos u know abt me right very lazy always.. anyways take care.."i gotta go drop madam highness in d hot sun half d tym..contibutes a lot towards our ""bitching abt DBG sessions""..reads a lot,sportive[ we did damage her badly by sticking up a note on her back ]..stays rite down my road, so we ve got lots more crazy things to come up with!!!thats it arch, idhukumela cant resist dis sugarcoated stuff..u better appreciate that i held back a hundered other things i wanted to say abt u:):)...!!!!so ppl, whatya waiting for, come n get to know ""ARCHANA""...and contribute to her underfed scrapbook!!heehee""She felt her life was sprinting away from her as she scrubbed baby food off the kitchen floors and folded baskets of laundry. Wasn't she more than just a mother? She read books, sang songs and was more than capable of holding a conversation on any topic under the sun for over 10 minutes."WrE To StArT hmmm...Ashmi i CaMe tO KnW HEr fRm Ma sChOoL(11th std) ShEz mY BeSt bEsT FrnD n ThOse DaYz..I UsEd To cALl hEr aS AsH...lolz..SuMtImEs sHe wIlL B LaZy Oh My GoD ShE UsEd tO Tk loTz Of LEaVe(MoSt f d tImES d ReAsOn wIlL B FeVeR loLZZ)bUt i hOpE DiZ LaZy gAl hAs cHnGd a lOt..ShE UsEd tO ShArE EvRyThNg wIt mE ShE WaS DeR wIt mE EvN n mA ToUgH tImEs...V HaD LoTz oF FuN dUrInG ThOSe daYzi sTiLl rMbR v bOtH UsEd tO StUdY ToGTHr fR PhYsics TuTiOn wRiTiNg pRaCtIsE sHe hAtE BiOlOgY OnLy fOr physics tUTiOn sHe wIlL SiT Nd sTuDy..DaTz wAs sUcH a MeMoRaBlE DaYz i StIlL CaNt 4gT aLl tHOsE DaYz...DiZ IdIoT SaId dAt sHe wIlL B In tOuCh aFt sChOoLING bUt ShE DiD EvN TuRn uP To cAlL Me...I wAs sEaRcHiNg HeR fOr A LoNg TiMe BuT AfT 4Yrs I fOuNd hEr tHrOuGh oRkUt..im rEaLlY hAPpY daT i GoT u bCk AgaIn..My sPeCiAl tHnKz tO orKuT...Nd ThNkZ Ma deAr AsH DaT u StIlL RmBr ME....yU KnW I mIsSeD Yu A LOt...arthi-this tall, beautiful gal is sure a head turner nd a mirror cracking material .. hv known this kid fr quite smtime nw .i say kid bcoz shez really one ..her expressions resembles tht of a 4 yr old most of d time .would hv made it big if she hd chosen to be an actress ..lolz..shez impulsive ..nd dosnt think twice whn saying smthing to othrs ..prob thts her plus nd minus point as well ..i hd said tht she dances well in my previous testi ..but like othrs even am waiting to see her perform ..hope tht happns soon... but tell u ppl smthing donno why but her previous testis potray her as some homely ayer aathu ponnu ..which is totally unlike her ..arthi to me is one sema cool nd fun luving person who luvs hanging out nd fooling othrs(we hv our favorites here dont we..lolz).but this is nt it she hs a really bad temper ..so ppl who read this jus beware nd make sure tht u don turn up in front of her whn shez in a bad mood .. u r bound to repent it ...i cn nvr 4get d times tht we hd spent together ..condt.."One of the best parts about writing a book (apart from the actual writing of it) are all the invitations you get to go places and talk about it. I always feel like something of a fraud when I get up on those panels, ready to discourse on Indian Women And Sex or whatever the topic of the day is. A fraud because, well, I wasn't trying to make a statement or speak for Indian women in general, not with this blog, not with the book. I was just talking about stuff that happens, to me and sometimes to my limited circle of friends and acquaintances." I can't sleep. I really should be in bed but after tossing and turning while trying to fall asleep, I decided to hang out here and blog instead. Maybe if I empty my thoughts I can actually relax enough to go to bed. I feel like I have had a week long rectal exam. Seriously, my anus hurts just thinking about it. The bank has been poking around our asses for a couple of months now. At first it wasn't so bad. We were approved for a nice size loan and we decided to stay under $20K of the pre-approved amount. So it's not like we were breaking the bank. Then we decided on a new home and the new loan was $35K under the pre-approved loan amount. We patted ourselves on the back for being so frugal. A poke here...a poke there. We can handle that. Our bank seemed to be taking their sweet time but they assured us all along that we were on schedule. About two weeks away from our closing date and all hell breaks loose. It's like they put on their rubber gloves, broke out the petroleum jelly and got their " all up in yo bidness " faces on. I actually had to send them a signed letter yesterday explaining to them that my "alias" on my credit report was my maiden name. I mean, seriously?? I could drone on and on about each and every thing the bank has asked for, and how many times they have lost stuff we have provided. They even forgot to cancel the first loan and even though they sent us a letter stating they had cancelled it the first week in February, they didn't even realize they forgot to until our file went to underwriting and those folks caught that we had two loans on two houses at the same time. Of course, they wear some big britches over there at the bank, so all we can do is sit with our palms out, and play nice until they give us our money. As much as I want to hurl every four letter word I know at them, I grit my teeth and allow them to continue shoving their heads up my butt only because I don't have $200K sitting in my bank account right now. When we bought our first home, we had none of this nonsense. Of course we built that home 8 years ago when the economy wasn't in the shitter. We got our mortgage through the builder since they were offering up a sweet package deal. We have made all of our payments on time. We have stellar credit, and the income to loan ratio is well within our means. We have played this as smart as we can and yet, we are still up late at night biting our nails and wondering if the bank will give us our loan so we can finally have a home again. I don't know what would have happened if we had a couple late payments, or if we had something happen to drop our credit just a tad. I am scared to even think about that outcome at this point. It seems that we, the little people, have to pay for all the mistakes these big banks have made over the last decade. Not only are we digging into our pockets and throwing these guys a bone or two so they don't go bankrupt, but now we are taking it up the rear so they can protect what's left of their assets. We just can't win. You'd think banks would welcome people like us with open arms but instead I feel like this: "You want a piece of me?" No thanks, Mrs. Cheapskate. Keep moving. So here is my situation. We could have closed on our home this past Friday, but because of the two loan errors they have pushed it to this Friday with a possibility of closing sooner if they wrap it up sooner. So we close on Friday. We scramble to order appliances, paint what we can and clean the place up all weekend. We set our move in date to retrieve our items out of storage on Monday. Oh...did I mention my husband goes out of town on Monday? Yeppers. He's out of town pretty much for two weeks as we put our house back together again. Not to mention the move out of our apartment. Gee, I wonder why I am losing sleep right now... On a happy note, I ordered my curtains for the dining room. Yes. I totally effed myself there, didn't I? Taking the plunge and ordering curtains for a home I don't own yet. I know....shame on me. But I pushed my superstitions aside and junped on these curtains because they were on sale. I even ordered them online (eek!) so I have no idea if they will be the look and feel of what I really want, but I am winging it since I saved like $100.00! I dropped $47.00 for the pair so I feel really good about that. They are a grey damask pattern. I am in love with damask right now. Common sense tells me that I need to be more wiser in my color choices, being that I have three monsters and two dogs that will be running in and out of that patio door dragging in who knows what from outside and wiping their ketchup fingers on my dry clean only elegant damask curtains...but the little princess inside me screams for some sort of femininity in a sea of males. These curtains are my lipstick, dammit! I just have to pray, they don't end up covered in actual lipstick, being that my toddler has a newfound infatuation with my makeup purse lately... Welllll folks. I am actually getting sleepy again. Looks like hammering out this post helped after all! It's the beginning of a great day! At least that is what I'll tell myself as I bend over and grab my ankles... Mad Boastings of a Cheapskate Mom Good Morning, Everyone! I've been busy getting ready to move from our apartment to our home, but I took a break and was checking out some of blogs off my sidebar and on The Whitt's family blog: The Whitt's there was a post that struck me and I felt I had to share with you in hopes you can help Spencer raise money towards a cure for childhood cancer in honor of his sister Tuesday. Some of you may remember little Tuesday Whitt's battle with neuroblastoma. Her story is one I will personally never forget. Tuesday was a little girl I never met in person, but through her family blog, her courage and grace touched me. Her mother, Jessica has continued to blog and over a year after Tuesday went to be with our Lord, I think of Tuesday and her family every single day. Seeing Spencer on the site in a photo holding Tuesday, and the words that he was going to shave his head in his little sister's memory....I am moved beyond words. I wish I had all the money in the whole world to donate to St. Baldrick's. If you would like to donate, you can visit Spencer's page on the St. Baldrick's site. In the meantime, every cent counts. So please, even if you can't make a monetary donation, please visit The Whitt's and read the post, then share the word any way you can, blog it...tweet it....facebook it..whatever you can. Awareness is so important! God Bless! --NOTE-- If you are like me and you prefer to donate via Paypal, there is no paypal option on the St. Baldrick's site. On The Whitt's Blog is a sidebar with a "donate" button which is a paypal option. You can send a note saying you are donating for Spencer's St. Baldrick's fund. Just thought I would let you know to save you the trouble if you like using paypal!! Mad Boastings of a Cheapskate Mom I was introduced to the Old Fashioned on my first trip to Wisconsin to meet my husband's family. I am not a big drinker and I favor beverages like margaritas, mojitos, plum wine, beer with lime, anything fruity. In my life as a mom, I never get to go out so on the rare occasion that I find myself at an actual bar, I end up frozen like a deer in the headlights when asked what I want to drink. This moment arised on my trip to Wisconsin, and my husband ordered me a brandy Old Fashioned Sweet. A few minutes later, he arrived with drink in hand. It was a rosy pink bubbly drink with green olives. Hmmmm....interesting but I felt a bit adventurous that night so I gave it a go. The Old Fashioned was an instant hit with me. It was so good! Sweet, a bit fruity and the olives...if you save those and eat them just before the last sip...they are a perfect end to this drink! You can make the Old Fashioned many ways. Mainly there are two ways to order it, either Sweet or Sour. Sweet usually means using Sprite in the mix. Some people like to pass on the olives and garnish with cherries and an orange slice. You can use whiskey or brandy. Brandy makes it sweetest. Sour usually means using Squirt in the mix. I like the sour version just as much as the sweet. I've had garnishes like green olives, and pickled brussel sprouts (again WEIRRRD but really good once you get over the fact it is a pickled brussel sprout, haha!) Whiskey is normally the choice of liquor for the Old Fashioned Sour. Try ordering the Old Fashioned outside of the midwest and you will likely see the bartender stumped. We tried several times in Denver and usually got something completely different than we wanted. It was never the Wisconsin Old Fashioned. Here is what you need to make an Old Fashioned: Old Fashioned Cocktail Mix: (1 ounce) (It's hard to come by outside the midwest but if you are an online shopper there are a few places that sell this mix. I found a three pack gift for $18.99 plus $6.99 shipping.) Alcohol: (2 oz or to your preference) Choose from Whiskey, Bourbon or Brandy Soda: (1-2 oz) Sprite, Squirt, Club Soda...I like Grapefruit Sierra Mist or the cranberry soda that comes out around the holidays. I prefer using diet soda to save myself some calories. Garnish: orange slice, cherries, green olives, pickled stuff, lime wedge... This drink is served on the rocks, preferably in an old fashioned cocktail tumbler, hence the name! After a long week of chasing kids, nothing is better than a couple Old Fashioneds on a Friday night! I hope you enjoyed this taste of Wisconsin! I love sharing these midwest tidbits with you! Mad Boastings of a Cheapskate Mom Lots to do as we prepare to move again! So I leave you this weekend with a weiner. No, not my gay dachshunds though I am sure they would slobber all over this hunk of meat! Have a pleasureable weekend! Mad Boastings of a Cheapskate Mom (Thanks hubby's co-worker for the tip!) Remember this sign? Looks like word got out about my Nickname...(ok really it's just a funny coincidence!) Mad Boastings of a Cheapskate Mom This morning I woke up, knowing that today was going to be a little tough and ready to get the day over with. It's a gloomy day, with a steady light rain cleansing the surface. I was happy to see green grass poking through the dead stuff. While driving my son to school, the radio announced that Corey Haim had died of a prescription drug overdose. "Take it back!" I yelled at the radio. My 6 year old looked at me like I was nuts. Before they were finished announcing this sad story, my phone rang. It was my husband calling to tell me the news. Corey Haim was my childhood crush. To say I was in love with him is an understatement. It was more like obsessed. I had planned our wedding numerous times. I knew we were soul mates. I had posters covering every inch of my walls and ceiling when I was a teen. I would trade Tiger Beat and Bop photos with my friends. They all wanted NKOTB pictures so I would collect as many as I could to trade for Corey Haim posters. I didn't have a lot of consistency in my life, and Corey Haim stayed with me, in many bedrooms for many years. His posters were worn and ragged with missing edges from the countless times I moved him from one home to another. To think that he died on the same date that my Father died...Damn. It is just a coincidence, but it just makes March 10th even sadder for me. I fell in love with Corey while watching Lucas. In the movie, he was so sweet and shy. He was also determined, and that quality reminded me of myself. He had a broken home, he was picked on at school, and he just kind of shuffled through life without being noticed much. In the end, he won the affections of his school and his town as well as the adoration of a 10 year old girl. When Lost Boys came out, I felt like I had struck gold! My older foster siblings were drooling over Jason Patrick, but I was all about Sam. Corey had grown up from little boy to totally rad teen. I was in love. The scene with him singing in the bath tub. That was my favorite. I'd watch it over and over and sigh with stars in my eyes. He was so dreamy... I never really understood why everyone referred to Corey Haim and Corey Feldman as "The Two Coreys" they never really seemed like a good pair to me. Just because they made a couple of movies together, and they shared the same first name. I think that paved the path for failure for both of them because it was almost like they were expected to make movies together even though they really were very different in ways that made for bad movies. Don't get me wrong, I loved License to Drive and the Lost Boys. But when they got around to Dream a Little Dream that is when they really should have aggressively explored their independence. I think they were waiting for the next big script that would pair them up and it never came. By the time they came out of their drug induced stupor long enough to realize it, they were already considered to be another washed up pair of Hollywood kid actor casualties. Corey never left my heart. The good thing about movies is they can be played over and over and I would get lost in Coreyland daily, whether it was through pictures or movies, he was my future husband and that bond (though one sided) was solid as a rock. Somehow through the years, as things changed in my life, I outgrew the Corey posters, but always had a place in my heart for him. I watched him go from smiley kid to troubled teen. From troubled teen to the man on the A&amp;E reality show "The Two Coreys" I was so sad for the loss of the Corey I fell in love with. That Corey was dead. Long ago buried by a mix of drugs, alcohol and prescription meds. My heart broke for the young kid with so much potential. I was disgusted with the shell of a man Corey turned out to be. I didn't understand why he felt his life was so hard, he couldn't face it without some sort of high. Then came the fight between him and Corey where he broke down and said that Corey Feldman knew his "friend" had molested him and he did nothing to help him. My heart ached for him. I know that kind of pain. It can eat you alive. For some reason, victims have a common trait, they blame themselves for what happened to them. The guilt...it consumes you. To be a successful actor, in the prime of his career...to have someone rip your innocence from you in such a disgusting way, and then know that your only friend doesn't have your back...that explained a lot to me. To know that Corey never got counseling for this, that he turned to drugs and alcohol to numb his pain, it is just so very sad. I hope that Corey Feldman finally comes forward and brings justice for Corey Haim. I don't want to know who hurt Corey, but whoever did needs to be punished for his actions. If this man is still out there, who knows how many people he has hurt along the way. 38 years old is too young to die. It is so tragic. Even though he did this to himself, his life was full of people who enabled him. This could have been avoided if someone loved him enough to step in and help him get the care he needed and helped him to understand that what happened to him was not his fault and it was not ok to bury it the way he did through all those drugs and all that anger. Now, Corey Haim can stop running from his demons. I pray that he can finally rest in peace. This is the way I want to remember him... Sadly, in death there are no take backs. Mad Boastings of a Cheapskate Mom It's foggy, cold and dreary today. I'm stuck indoors in my apartment. As my son naps, I am alone with my thoughts. So I'm just going to dump 'em here and wait for the sun to peek out. Tomorrow marks 3 years since I lost my Dad. I knew it was coming. I try and pretend that my heart is healed from losing him, but it is still broken. I feel orphaned. I felt that my whole life, and then for a little while I got a taste of what it was like to have a parent. Some days it was nice. Others, it took work. But when it came right down to it, I truly enjoyed being someone's daughter. When he died, the daughter part of me died with him. I miss being loved like a daughter. I miss the bond we shared. His big bear hugs. His gentle nature. His goofy sense of humor and the way he would smile with his blue eyes. He was a beautiful man, and now he is a beautiful spirit. I pray he can see my heart and feel my love for him today, and know that my love for him has not faded with time. I do want to thank everyone that left me encouraging words when I posted the note from my mother . I haven't had a chance to write you each individually, so I want to tell you how much your words meant to me and how they lifted me up and gave me strength when I needed it. I pride myself in being strong, but every now and then I know it's ok to gather the strength of others when you hit a weak patch. I have been tossing around the idea of writing my mother back. One moment I tell myself not to bother, the next I feel I need to give her a piece of my mind. The teeter totter balanced favorably towards me responding, so I did. I feel better now that I have said what I needed to say and I can finally move away from that negativity. Onward and upward. My bank was supposed to respond to us yesterday in regards to closing this Friday. They have yet to respond. I find it frustrating when people think they can just not bother answering you, just because they have no news. I'd rather them just call and update us, even if it is "Hey, we are still working on things but I will let you know once we have an answer" instead of "Hey, I'll have an answer by the end of the day..." then nothing...nada. Not even returning calls or emails. Makes me want to scream. Sitting here in this apartment wondering when I can get my hands on our house is making me want to scream. I think I'll have to go back to digging through catalogs and get lost in design dreamland. That has been my sanity saver! If only I was like a buzillionaire, I could actually buy everything my heart desires!! Money does not buy you happiness, but cool stuff from catalogs makes me happy! Of course I can be happy about one thing today...at least I don't have a mega case of the crazies like Lindsay Lohan! OMG - she has flipped off her rocker. Time's up! This concludes my therapy session. Have a Nice Day. --Update-- Sun came out to say hello! I snapped this picture while driving and then it faded away again. Keep on the sunny side... Mad Boastings of a Cheapskate Mom Good Monday to you!! I hope you all had a great weekend! I am super excited because a week from now we should finally be in our home!! In my last post I shared some ideas I have been pondering for my kids playroom. Over the weekend, I got my first Land of Nod catalog and there were a ton of cute ideas in there! One picture captured almost exactly what I envisioned for my boys' playroom: I especially love the chalkboard wall cling panels! They come in a set of 4 panels and chalk for $58.00 Of course I think $58.00 is a bit steep so I did a search to see what I could find for less: I found a great vinyl chalkboard panel for $38.00 from Etsy.com store Wilson Graphics It measures 24.5" Wide by 48" high. The Land of Nod panels when combined measured 38" x 49" so for a little less chalkboard space I still get my money's worth! I picture applying the chalkboard "sideways" as opposed to how the photo displays it. That way I get the look I am going for. I also LOVE the funky alphabet letters in the Land of Nod catalog photo. In the catalog they are asking for $49.00 for a set of 51 letters. They are not reusable so when they come off they stay off. I went on an Amazon hunt to find me a bargain! For just $12.99 I found an adorable complete alphabet set that is reuseable and includes upper and lower case letters! I'm thrilled with this price! I'm an Amazon freak so I know I will find something else to buy so I can get my free super saver shipping! Maybe I'll buy these cute number wall decals to go with the alphabet! Last night I was at Target with my husband and I was on the prowl to find a good deal for my playroom. I came across this cute organizer on sale! It's normally $59.00 but at Target this week it is only $37.00! That's $22.00 off! So I snagged the second to last one! The book rack in the Land of Nod catalog is $199.00 but you can grab a Kidcraft Sling Book Holder from CSN Stores for just $29.95! I love the table and chairs set in the photo, but I am not at all willing to spend $140.00 on two chairs and $249.00 for the table as shown in the catalog. The biggest feature I love is the storage under the table and I found this adorable KidKraft table and chair set for only $89.99! Just think about it...for a little more than the cost of one Land of Nod Chair you can get an entire set! Or if you like the look of the warm wood with the colorful chairs you can opt for the KidKraft Euro Honey Table with Four Chairs for only $159.95! I looked at places like Amazon and Wal-Mart and they were $50.00 higher than Allkidsfurniture.com! Notice the cute polka dot mat under the table in the photo? Land of Nod sells these "Splat Mats" for $39.00! I found one at JazzyJem's Artfire shop for only $28.00 which inludes shipping! So let's do the math: Land of Nod Play Room: $736.00 Cheapskate Knock Off Playroom: $305.90 (which includes the storage organizer and the more expensive table and chair set!) Pretty Impressive, huh? Mad Boastings of a Cheapskate Mom Have you ever found yourself sitting in your bedroom, travel bag open on the floor, empty. Plane leaves in a few hours? A few articles of clothing are neatly folded on the bed ready to go. Those are the ones you are SURE about. The rest still happily reside in the closet or in drawers. Ok, maybe there are some things in the hamper or draped over the chair in the corner. Thing is, eventually they all need to get into that bag. (Here is where I wish we had one of those machines, in the Jetsons, so I could put the bag on the conveyor belt and it would pop out on the other side all packed.) I love to travel. I don't mind the waiting in airports, long flights, turbulence and any destination seems exciting to me. But it's getting my bag packed that I just want nothing to do with. Especially when I am leaving for longer periods of time. I am headed to Greece to play for a professional team there. How am I going to know what the weather will be like in 4 weeks, let alone 4 months? Do I need any nice clothes or just mainly for working out? And shoes! Hardest thing to pack. High heels have weird shapes. Tennis shoes are bulky. Uggs are worse.... but SO necessary in the cold after an outdoor night practice in the rain. (Sometimes I wish aquatic sports only practiced in warm locations. Hawaii or the South Pacific would do great. Thanks.) I always make sure to lay the swim suits, goggles and caps on the bed first. If I left without those....well, why am I going in the first place? (Because, while I will be living in a foreign country it is NOT just for a vacation. I do have to "work" er, workout rather.) Then there are toiletries and make-up......it is nice to not look like a drown rat ALL of the time. Ok, so just one bag?!? Thanks to all the new travel restrictions, there are those pesky weight and checked bag limits. TOO MANY things to consider. Can I hire someone to do this for me? The one very important travel tip I picked after traveling with the National Team for a few years was the use of a small roller bag as a carry-on instead of a backpack. Most of the veteran players on the team used them when I first started. I never really thought about it. I was all excited to sport the team gear and get to where we were going. Until we arrived, some 20 hours later, got in a bus and headed straight to the pool for a training session. Not only were my legs swollen from the flight, but my back and shoulders hated me every stroke I took from shlepping that backpack, with "all the comforts of home" in it, across the world. So, while my bag was not packed. The carry-on was. That is the easy stuff. &nbsp;A few books (Having a little english around will be nice when the Greek letters get too much for me.)&nbsp; Computer I-pod Various charging cords (These take up a surprising amount of room.) Surge protector box (Life saver! Frying the life out of your precious electronics is not fun when so far from home!) 15 pounds of Valentine's Day candy intended to spread some American love to my teammates My new water bottle The water bottle was actually the first thing I put into the carry-on. Drinking water is my New Year's resolution. Mostly because without a regular workout routine I forget to drink anything. Very bad for an athlete. I didn't want to buy plastic bottles anymore and I figured with a bottle like this, I would pay more attention to my drinking habits. Once packed and at the airport my lovely new bottle had me paying attention to many other things. Like the fact that it is metal and looks a little like a bomb. Great. That can't go in my carry-on. Security would have me red flagged in two-seconds. So now, standing in the check-in line with bottle in hand, when I thought all my packing issues were behind me and the worst hiccup was just this bottle, came the best travel challenge of all. Man at Check-In Counter: "Hello Ms. Where are you headed?" Me: "Greece" MaCIC: "Please place your carry-on on the scale." Me (in my head): "Carry-on? I have never had my carry-on weighed before. Just as long as it fits in the little overhead thing they seem to wave you on by. ON NO. IT IS HEAVY!" I placed it on the scale.....&nbsp; MaCIC: "Ms. your bag weighs 18kg. We only allow 8kg for our carry-on items." Me: "Oh no." (in my head) "Where exactly am I going to put 20 pounds of stuff, when my other bag is packed so tight it is about to explode out of the new purple straps I bought to keep it together on the journey?!" MaCIC: "Yes Ms. Only 8kg." Thanks buddy. I heard you the first time. This is how I came to find out that the candy I was bringing over to the team weighed about 15 pounds. When I put it on the little scale he had, it weighed 8kg by itself. Perfect. I also come to find out the roller bag itself weighed 7kg. HOW was this going to work???? And how in over 10 years of international travel had this never happened to me before? I never wanted to be that passenger that has to open up her bags, right there in the check-in line and begin the rearrangement dance of all my worldly belongings in front of a line of my fellow passengers. But that was me. I believe by the end, everyone knew that my favorite brand of underwear is Victoria Secret, I read love stories and adventure novels, most of my clothes are blue and purple and I may have a serious sweet tooth. That is enough for the person behind me in line, to make me a profile on Match.com. And next to me, I now had two travel bags. One still bulging, being held together by purple straps. And the other- a heavy duty plastic bag, duct taped so well you couldn't really tell what was inside it. Both with airline stickers. Destination- Athens, Greece. Thank god the packing part is over. If you are a part of the wonderful time sucking social networking extravaganza, we know and love as Facebook, then I have a challenge for you! Most sports in this country, the ones you all know and love, and will find on television almost every week of the year, have incredible monetary backing. And the athletes are taking home paychecks in one year that could finance my training for my entire carreer. As small sport like water polo, that finds its sporting stage once every four years at the Oylmpic Games, we are entirely dependent on the funding we get from the United States Olympic Committee and our sports National Governing Body, the non-profit organization, United States Water Polo Inc. Without this, my team and I would not be able to train, or travel and participate in, competitions to get us ready to represent our country. So when I heard about the Chase Community Giving page on Facebook I realized, this opportunity may be the easiest way for anyone to give back this holiday season and give a huge boost to our sport!! Simply go to the Chase Community Giving page and cast your vote for us. Then Chase will give money to the charities that have the most votes.....and the deadline is TOMORROW!!!! With a few clicks of your mouse you could be giving my team an incredible gift. A chance to continue our journey towards GOLD in the 2012 London Olympic Games!!!! I have included a link below to direct you to the page! And if you are not a member of Facebook.....this is a fantastic reason to join!!! THANK YOU FOR ALL OF YOU WHO VOTE FOR US!!!!! In Olympic Spirit....... Come Watch Us Play!!!! When I found out I needed surgery the first question I had was... "What is the recovery time?" Of course soon follows the standard "4-6 weeks" response. (Oh, I am tottaly going to be that 4 week part of the standard deviaton.) The surgeon, the therapists and doctors all saying the same thing: "You will be up and moving around right after the surgery, and back doing what you do in no time!" As an athlete, 4-6 weeks was already too long. &nbsp;This theory of "no" time was going to be interesting. I hit the 6 week anniversary of the operation and had a follow up appointment with the surgeon. He told me at this point the incisions and tissues in my knee were healed. I still had a bit of swelling and I would now be in a battle with scar tissue for range of motion. With 5 1/2 weeks of therapy, I could walk normally, I could do all minor strengthening excersices, and from what I could see (photo) I had lost a LOT of muscle in my leg. (How hard it is to build up the muscle and how fast it departs!) So began the battle. Playing water polo requires a rather awkward rotating motion we do with our legs. "Eggbeater" had never seemed stange to me. I could do it for hours, maybe days. Supporting myself in the water was as easy as breathing. Yet the scar tissue on either side of my patella tendon and through my capsule was creating a loud"pop" doing even the simplest of things. Like bending me knee from a straightened postion. Wait, that happens when you walk. Yup, not too comfortable with normal linear motions. So doing anything even close to water polo was not going to happen. Yet. It became quite clear that what I was going to struggle with most at that point was maintaining a positive outlook with my (what I feel is WAY TOO SLOW) progress back to an athletic level I think is satisfactory for playing on the National Team again. I know everyone is different. Our bodies heal at their own rate. And I am quite frequesntly reminded I am no spring chicken anymore. (I'm not? Age is a number....I guess until you try and heal something and realize, yes, you really are 31. Boo.) But, I think my lifestyle- staying fit and active and absorbed in this pursuit of something I am passionate about, has made me feel a bit invincible. I attack things thinking I can achieve anything if I just try hard enough. And I still believe that to be true....it just might take a little longer than I previously envisioned. I was not leaping around after 4 weeks, or 6.....not even 10. Uggh. Now in the 11th week I have seen the most progress. I think I have clawed my way up the mountain I had in front of me. Breaking holes in the sheets of ice, slipping back down a few times, but finally nearing the summit. And what kept me going, besides the images and sensations of future practices and games floating through my head, were appreciating the small moments of joy. Like dressing up for Halloween at the therapy clinic. I broke out my tutu from my ballerina costume two years ago. And our trainer Lance, sported an amazing Spiderman costume. :) Or making a trek up to LA to see Joshua Radin in concert for the first time. I got Joshua's CD Simple Times &nbsp;from a friend last year. It was about the same time I was trying to decide what path I should set out on post Olympics. And for some reason the sound of his voice was really calming to me. I would listen to his music as I walked around Greece, or when I was reading or hanging out at home and it would help me think. When I found out about his show I had to see him live. And again, those songs helped to calm my anxiety about the healing process and focus me back on the good. And of course taking more pictures...... Black Friday getting brighter as Christmas lights start to come on! My life's pursuit, as of now, is what many others would call a hobby. Cultivating another hobby has never been high on my list. I have always loved to take photos. My little "point and shoot" camera has served me well, documenting my adventures and travels. But.....if I could make a job out of one of my passions, could I do the same with another? Why not give it a try. I have a new "more complicated" camera. And with the extra time I have while recovering from surgery I think I will learn more about photography, how to properly use this camera, experiment with taking photos and dream up ways in which to use my photos in the future. You never know what can come of your dreams once you put them out in the universe. :) These were the first photos I took this morning with the new camera. This kitty lounges on this car every day and seems to be in a perpetual battle to try and keep her coat clean. Always licking and preening. It is no wonder, with how dirty this car is. I was only going to post one photo, every day, from the batch I take. But it is so hard to choose. And I like it when groups of photos can tell a story. Maybe as I get better I will be able to narrow it down. We shall see. Ravishing Designer Blue Cap- $5 Exquisite Red Plastic ID Band- $10 Warm 6000 Count Cotton Blanket- $15 Limited Edition Sticky Thermometer Gauge (on my forehead) - $25 (Or is that a bar code to scan me in at the supermarket?) 1 Un-Swollen, Pain-Free, Non-Popping Knee- PRICELESS The surgery before mine took a little bit longer than scheduled. As I lay there I began to get a little anxious. Incredible teammate and friend, Ericka Lorenz, had driven me to the appointment and was trying to distract me from thinking about what was coming. She blew up a surgical glove and we drew on it. Something so simple. Made me smile and head to surgery with less stress. :) Dr. Scott Graham did a splendid job. Now it is up to me to get the joint back up and running. Rest, Ice, Elevation and lots of therapy! Books are curiously fascinating to me. I love to read and often go into Barnes and Noble, Borders or Target to just look over the new books. On occasion, I am impulsive and just buy a plethora of new material to have at home when the opportunity arises. A quite moment. A need for escape. Rarely do I actually think of why I end up with the books I adopt. Some have covers that intrigue me. (I have been successful with that technique and also have had very disastrous outcomes.) Or I will read the back to see if the summary will move me. Sometime I will open the book and read a random passage. If I like the writing style or the excerpt I read, I will make the purchase. A drive-by of my previously trusty authors is always a must. I also really appreciate a gifted read. Knowing that my friend probably deems this work something that will reach me in some way. Last year, I got the same book from two people. Maybe that should have been a wake up call to begin reading asap. But with the upcoming Olympics, training and traveling, I never got to it/them. One got packed away in my boxes, heading to storage, during the post-Olympic move. The other, tossed in a bag that ended up piled in the corner of the guest room at my parents house, where I stayed at the beginning of the year. It wasn't until I was heading to Greece to play that I found it and thought maybe I should include it in my travel bag. It was called The Traveler's Gift . Fitting, no?! I had been going through this wrestling match in my head before deciding to play in Greece. The time off had given me a chance to analyse the way I felt about playing. Was I doing it because I loved it? Or just because I have been doing it for the last 9 years? Was there something else I wanted to pursue? Deciding to play in Greece I felt gave me this new opportunity to play in a different atmosphere. New country. New teammates. Different goal. Preparing to go over there, I was training a lot on my own. Swimming, lifting, spinning. Not exciting, but do-able. When I got a chance to play "pick-up" polo with men's club and high school teams.....I would leave giddy. Unable to wipe the smile off my face. At least I knew the polo was still the fun part. That was a step in the right direction. One night in Greece, before we played for the Cup, I was reading late at night. I came across this passage: "Success requires the emotional balance of a committed heart. When confronted with a challenge, the committed heart will search for a solution." It was the first time since college, which was a long time ago, that I found a pen and underlined that section. For days I thought about that. And I committed. Playing water polo was what I wanted to do. It makes me happy. And I will see it through for as long as possible. And this week I found out the path will have a bit of a detour. I slipped on the wall this summer during a swim set. Torquing my knee a bit. I had hoped a bit of rest would eventually help the pain, swelling, and popping to go away. No such luck. An MRI confirmed that I had tears in the back of my knee cap. So some minor arthroscopic surgery will clean it up and I will be back at it again! A closer look at OUR beautiful gold medal! Today I'm inspired by Moerenuma Park in Sapporo, Japan designed by Isamu Noguchi. The entire park is considered to be a sculpture! What a fun place this would be to have a picnic and take the kids. Look at the variety of facilities here. Have any of you readers been for a visit?(Photo Credits 1 - Nobihaya 2 - Saname777 3 - James King 4 &amp; 6 Elle* :  5: Antsinpants) Have you seen the beautiful looks of Ann Taylor Loft lately? I am a Lucky Magazine Style Shopper, so I was sent a Spring Loft look book and items to peruse and was really charmed. I enjoy the fact that the Loft has wonderfully styled clothing at reasonable price points, especially when they have sales and promotions. I am in love with the girl's bun -- wish I could pull that off.(images from Loft lookbook) Last week I bought the song Sweet Disposition by Temper Trap on itunes and I cannot get it out of my head! What do you think?You may have heard it before, because it was featured in this commercial, this commercial, and this movie. Have you seen the stunning details of Eunice and Daniel's wedding in Martha Stewart Weddings? Eunice is the creative director and co-owner/founder of the specialty letterpress design studio Hello! Lucky -- one of my lovely sponsors, doesn't their day looks so magical! You'll want to peek at more photos at Martha Stewart and Hello Lucky, because there are many more details to see. I like to think of this theater as the Colosseum's older, neglected brother. Standing on the edge of the Jewish Ghetto, the Teatro Marcello is in great shape. It doesn't have regular opening hours, but they usually hold concerts there in the summer. I've never been, but maybe I'll finally get around to it this year. It was a beautiful day out and I took a bit of a walk in Pigneto to get to know it a bit better and take some photos. I snapped this both because of the way the light was hitting the symmetrical architecture, but also because of the two old men gossiping out of the window on the bottom right. This architecture is a bit of an anomaly in the neighborhood, as most of the buildings are much lower to the ground. A Friday evening in March and this is the scene outside of Sora Margherita, one of the well-known restaurants located in the Jewish Ghetto . I had reservations with friends for 9:30 pm and we still had to wait 20 minutes to get inside the tiny restaurant. Being artichoke season I, of course, started out with the classic carciofo alla giudia . The leaves were crispy and delicious, the inside soft and tender. That was followed by fettucini con sugo alla coda, that was good, but not mind blowing. We definitely had fun and the food was good, but I found the place pricier than it merited, something that happens often to restaurants that are written up in guidebooks and magazines all the time. They try to make these places sound "hidden" and "undiscovered," but as anyone who lives here knows, most often the best places are the ones the press has never heard about, because if you're a local and you really love it, you probably keep it to yourself instead of blabbing to a journalist, for fear that it will be ruined. Last night I headed out to Studio Orizzonte, very close to Piazza Barberini, to an event sponsored by the art and culture magazine Fefe' Project (who is responsible for some of their own street art ). In honor of their tenth issue, they have decided to start an initiative where every two months, two street artists will be asked to "battle" by pasting their works up opposite each other on the huge outside walls of the studio. Fittingly, Sten and Lex were called into battle their studiomate Lucamaleonte in the first exchange. I say fittingly because collectively they're some of the most talented and well-known street artists and Sten and Lex will be opening their first solo show here on Friday. So, who do you think "won" the battle. Too close to call, no? You can check out a new piece by Lucamaleonte next Friday, March 19, at the opening of my next show Street - Walls Experience . I've seen a preview and it's not to be missed! Check out the write up in English on Fefe' Project's website. Ah, The Boxer ....how I love it so! In fact, it's the main reason I came back to the museum . Do you have any idea how rare it is to find something of this size from the ancient world in bronze? 9 times out of 10 the bronze was melted down as some point for use in weapons or newer sculptures, so it's a real treasure to have in the collection. But more than that, I just love his weary expression, bruised and battered, ears cut up, just after a fight with his tape on his hands. Really, it's something that could be seen today, which gives some perspective on how close we really are to our ancient ancestors. And, I've got to confess that the whole time I was editing these photos and writing the blog, I had " The Boxer " by Simon and Garfunkel in my head. Love that song. Tomorrow is the Festa delle Donne , so national museums were free for women this weekend and I took advantage by going to the Museo Nazionale di Roma at Palazzo Massimo. It's a wonderful collection which is rarely frequented by tourists and I'll be doing two posts on my favorite pieces. I should say that the space was revamped a few years ago and is one of the best laid out collections I've seen in Rome. Each room is uncluttered of objects, there are good didactic panels, and the entire collection is accessible due to ramps and elevators (something that can't be taken for granted here). Today's photos show two ancient sculptures depicting "Crouching Aphrodite" and a "Sleeping Hermaphrodite." I love the depiction of the female form in painting and sculpture, the way the curves of the body are shown. And I will always celebrate anything that embraces belly fat rolls as beautiful! The first images are of the Crouching Aphrodite, originally located in Hadrian's Villa in Tivoli. It's a Roman copy after a Greek Hellenistic original. The second set of images are of "The Reclining Hermaphrodite," a common theme in ancient Greece and Rome, yet again pointing out that they were probably much more comfortable with different types of sexuality than we are today. From the back she appears as just another beautiful woman, but walk around to the other side of the sculpture and a surprise awaits . Museo Nazionale Romano - Palazzo Massimo alle Terme Via di Villa Peretti, 1 00185 Open Tue-Sun 9 am - 7:45 pm (box office closes 1 hr before) Ticket ?7 (valid for entry to all National Museums for a period of 3 days) View Larger Map A new month, a new show! I'm putting on this show with the collective Elsewhere Factory and am really honored by all the great artists who decided to participate. Different images of street art that I photographed around Rome will be paired with original pieces contributed by each of the artists. Check out the press release we prepared below and I hope to see you at the opening on March 19! A unique look at the landscape of urban art interventions in Rome: Friday, March 19 at 7 pm the collective exhibit STREET - Walls Experience will open at Laboratorio51. This wine gallery, located in the heart of San Lorenzo, will play host to the exhibit until March 26. The event is being curated by Elsewhere Factory and Jessica Stewart, who has selected ten of her best street art photographs taken during her continuous documentation of urban art in Rome over the past year. All of the artists shown in the photographs have been asked to display a piece associated with their selected image. Among those participating are French stencil artist C215 , whose works can be seen in New York, San Paolo, New Dehli, and Paris, along with JB ROCK , OMINO71 and MR. KLEVRA , LUCAMALEONTE , HOGRE , URKA , ZILDA , UNO , CURT (from The Stickheads ). During the opening there will be an aperitivo with artiginal beer, wine, and snacks provided by Laboratorio51 and a DJ set by the duo Les Courgettes. "A year ago, wandering through the city in search of material for my blog RomePhotoBlog, I was struck by the huge number of stickers, stencils, and posters that I saw everywhere. My first photographs of street art were taken in San Lorenzo while trying to tell the story of that neighborhood through pictures, and from that moment on I became fascinated with street art and wanted to know more. Now every time I walk down the street, I see something new. After a year documenting every piece of street art I see, I decided to selected ten photographs that I felt were representative of the scene in Rome. There mostly Italians in the bunch, but some from abroad who have left their mark; there are some stencils, some posters. In the end, everyone has left their mark with a huge variety of works that cover most of Rome, in the show you'll see pieces from Pigneto, Monti, Ostiense, Piazza Flaminia, Trastevere, and more. The idea to ask these artists to contribute an original piece to display next to my photograph is to give people the opportunity to see the differences and similarities between each artist's work on the street and in a gallery setting. The show is also my chance to thank all the artists who leave me, and the city, a gift that makes me smile, as walking down the street and spotting one of their pieces is like seeing an old friend." Street - walls experience LABORATORIO51 WINE_GALLERY via degli Ausoni 47, Roma (RM) 19:00 - 24:00 View Larger Map If you are into antique shopping....very high end antique shopping, via dei Coronari is the place for you. It looks like a Roccoco living room exploded in there! First Netflix sent me The Man in the Moon instead of Heavy Metal Parking Lot, then they sent me Heavy Metal Parking Lot cracked into three pieces, so I was stuck watching In the Land of Women, which seriously had no point. Adam Brody from the OC plays this kid who writes soft porn movies and gets dumped by his actress girlfriend so he goes to live with his grandmother and gets friendly with the family across the street--the mom (Meg Ryan), a teenage daughter, and a younger, annoyingly precocious and child-actressy daughter. He kisses both the mom and the daughter. Meg Ryan's face looks weird. Adam Brody is all smug. The mom gets cancer. She doesn't die though. But the grandmother does. Nothing else happens! That's the whole stupid movie. Actually, to be honest, I couldn't even make it all the way through. I watched for an  hour and then just read what happened on themoviespoiler.com. And when I found out that nothing happened, I just put it back in its red envelope. Ugh.Batman has made an impact on my life. I've refereed to him in a few blog posts over the past couple months, but without sharing too much information. I think I am finally ready to talk about him a little bit. He has taught me a lot about my self. He's helped me mature a bit and help define what it is that I am looking for in a life partner. He entered my life in an unexpected manner. I was sitting at a computer in a Sydney Hostel. I saw a friend request on FB. His name sounded familiar, so i accepted his request. We began exchanging emails and finally agreed to a date. The next month was truly a whirwind. We met each others friends, spent a lot of time together, and whenever we were apart all I could do was count the minutes until we would be together again. I do recognize that things moved WAY too quickly in the short time that we were together, but we really connected on many levels. He brought something out of me that NO ONE has ever in a relationship. He helped me feel so good about myself. My self esteem had never been higher, I felt sexy, I was proud of myself, I liked ME for who I already was. I never realized that having someone treat me the way that he did, support me and care for me, would have such a HUGE impact on my life. Let me explain this a little further, in past relationships I had love, care and respect... but I was still somewhat unaffected. Meaning I would still have low self esteem, not like who I was, always trying to figure out what I needed to change about me. I love these past men, but none shook me and looked at me the way that batman did. That is why its is hard for me to let go of him, and unfortunately I do. He's not in the place to be in a relationship, and I really respect the fact that he recognizes this. To me it demonstrates his maturity. He easily could have dragged me along or went through he motions like others have. It was so hard to hear that from him, and he had to say it a few times for me to really get it. But I do finally get it, and he and I are friends today. Its funny how feedback differs from my friends. My male friends (even those who never met him) think very highly of him for being straight and telling me that he cannot date now. This has earned their respect. My female friends, on the other hand, keep encouraging me to move along and forget about him. Its funny how the male and female mind work differently. At first I was devastated... and I do still get sad from time to time. But I think I've finally had a breakthrough. If he was able to make me feel this wonderful, there must be SOMEONE else out there who can also. It may have taken me 33 years to feel this good about myself, I may have to look for 33 more, but I now know that these feelings exist. I've been going on quite a few dates lately, meeting a lot of men, but they sure have large shoes to fill - because batman sure raised the standard a LOT and made this girl incredibly picky. I will not settle, because I now know and understand that I deserve nothing but the best... which is the same for all of you! I have a gym buddy. He's pretty cool. We met at the gym, imagine that. He came into the gym one night and I recognized his face, so we started chatting come to find out not only do we work in the same building, (when I am in the office) but we sit three rows away from each other. At first I thought he was cute and interesting. It was cool getting to know him we even went out on a dates. Then we ended up on the friend shelf. For the first day or two I was a little disappointed, because I was a little interested in him - but this has been for the WAY much better. I have a new male friend. I don't have many of those, but the ones I have are very close to me and I greatly value their roles in my life (Storm Warning and Big Dan) Gym buddy and I have become rather close. We text, IM, talk on the phone all the time. It's pretty cool. He was the one who ran out and bought mace for me when he heard that my friend was raped last week. He knows that I have been really struggling with getting over the last man I dated (batman) and trying to help me get back into the dating world. He is the one who pushed me to get profiles on different dating websites on line, and he's been a cheerleader asking about every guy I've been emailing, texting, talking on the phone with, etc.F Tonight was a bit of a first first. I had a date tonight. or the first time I was nervous, not sure what to wear. Next thing I know gym buddy was giving me tips on my outfit. I felt my phone vibrate over and over throughout the night, just to see that he was checking in on me to make sure I was safe and didn't need an "out." I didn't need an out, I was ok, and I actually had a good time tonight. In all honesty it did not stop me from thinking about batman... but I was distracted for a little while. On my way home I checked in with gym buddy, he grilled me for all the scoop, for him to finally to tell me that he needed to get to bed because he was waiting up, worried for me. It's nice to feel special and important. I'm glad to have this guy as a new friend. I have a few more first dates lined up over the next few days. I'm not expecting a whole lot at this time, since I am not even sure I am in the right place to date, but its a step in the right direction for me, and it feels great having a cheerleader by my side. Southern Cross (Words &amp; music by Stephen Stills, Richard Curtis and Michael Curtis) Got out of town on a boat goin' to Southern islands. Sailing a reach before a followin' sea. She was makin' for the trades on the outside, And the downhill run to Papeete. Off the wind on this heading lie the Marquesas. We got eighty feet of'a waterline. Nicely making way. In a noisy bar in Avalon I tried to call you. But on a midnight watch I realized Why twice you ran away. Think about how many times I have fallen Spirits are using me larger voices callin'. What heaven brought you and me cannot be forgotten. I have been around the world, Lookin' for that woman/girl, Who knows love can endure. And you know it will. When you see the Southern Cross for the first time You understand now why you came this way. 'Cause the truth you might be runnin' from is so small. But it's as big as the promise - The promise of a comin' day. So I'm sailing for tomorrow - My dreams are a dyin'. And my love is an anchor tied to you - Tied with a silver chain. I have my ship and all her flags are a flyin' She is all that I have left - And music is her name. Think about how many times I have fallen Spirits are using me larger voices callin'. What heaven brought you and me cannot be forgotten. I have been around the world, Lookin' for that woman/girl Who knows what love endures. And you know she knows. And you know she knows. So we cheated and we lied and we tested. And we never failed to fail; it was the easiest thing to do. You will survive being bested. Somebody fine will come along make me forget about loving you In the Southern Cross. -BTW I totally flew over Papeete when I went to NZ This week a few life-shaking things occurred to me and some friends. Two friends had medically-related scares with a parent. I had my job threatened for about 24 hours. Lastly, and most horribly, a friend was mugged and raped in her own home. What a week. with everything that has been going on, I hope the universe starts smiling down on a few people. I know that after all these things have happened, I am looking at my life a little differently and trying to make wiser decisions. I know that I've referenced my debt a few times before. It's not THAT bad compared to others, but its more then I should have. First priority it to pay all credit cards off by end of the year. That is totally feasible. I really need to do that in case anything were to happen to my job - unemployment won't cover everything right now. This means some sacrifice - but it will be worth it. No extravagant traveling for me this year. IN FACT, my next goal, once the cards are paid off, is to save up for my trips... instead of putting myself back in debt with them. Something I should have been doing a long time ago. Next I do want to look into some type of self-defense classes. I've thought about them in the past, but now, after what happened to my friend... I feel more of an urge to take them. Also a friend of mine has been on my case, telling me to carry mace, especially since I am out there dating... I told him last night I'd take him up on that offer for him to buy me some. Scary stuff - but I can't be naive about it. Life it too short and too precious to live with blindfolds on. I must prepare for the best of my ability, and then let the universe deal its course. Everyone please keep my friend in your thoughts, she needs strength to pull through it. Also hope that the bastard who did that to her is caught. On the good note, one of my dearest friends is going to be having her baby soon. I was able to catch up with her a bit last night, and it dawned on us that the next time we see each other, she will be a mama. Still makes me wonder (and hope) that one day it will be my turn. (ok, you can pick those jaws up off the ground now - LOL) That is what I am doing. I believe that right now I am the healthiest and strongest I have been in my entire life... that is from a mental health standpoint. I'm getting back into dating. I reallt don't have the best track record. In the past I'd meet someone and just let myself take that plunge. That can be good and fun, but I've learned that I don't really get to know a person all to well. We all know that a relationship can't be built on passion and chemistry alone. So I've been putting myself back out there. I've got a profile on a dating website. I've been meeting men while out and about. I've even been on a few dates, shared some emails, phone calls, texts. This time it seems different, I am trying to not put so much pressure on myself. I am trying to meet these men, get to know them a little better... then if any of them really catch my eye - then pursue the dating thing. This is a new concept for me. it's tough though. First of all there are a LOT of weirdos out there. There are men who are looking just for sex... and if that's the case, move along! I've had one particular man email me TWICE and comment how my combination of curves and brains must be hot to the touch... No thanks buddy, I'm all set there. The one thing that I am currently struggling with, is that when I realize that someone is not what I am looking for - and its time to start all over again, it makes me miss some men from my past. Yes, these relationships may not have been made to last, but I sure still miss some of them and how they made me smile. Just a footnote to my last post. This person who I was referring to is not a blog reader, so please, no one worry that I might be snipping anyone ties. Thank you all for the great feedback. I'm digesting it all and trying to figure out my next steps. How does one tell a person that they don't want to be friends with them? This woman I met through mutual friends seems to think that I am her new BFF. I am polite to her, we've hung out a little bit, but she seems to be always calling me, emailing me, asking me to make plans. She's a decent person, but she comes with SO MUCH FREAKING DRAMA. I understand that we all have to go through things and learn from our mistakes... but she's consistently asking me for advise when she really has no intentions of doing anything about it. She's clearly seeking attention and drama. I've previously cut people out of my life because they are too much. But I am not sure how to do this with her, since we share the same circle of friends... ..well, this is going to sound bad.. but some of the people in this circle don't like her either. Often people will make plans and specifically say "don't tell so-and-so" I feel like I am in high school or something. I pride myself on my communication skills - I don't often shy from confrontational skills.. but the idea of this one bothers me. I don't want to just disregard her... but maybe if I just remain someone cool to her, she will eventually get the hint. My Nevis song. This song seems to get me through the hardest times of my life at this time. My Nevis song is the song that came on as I was about to jump from the 3rd largest bunjy in the world. I was terrified, I cried, I did not think I could do it...Then logic and reasoning took over and I took that plunge. When I heard that song before I jumped, I thought of my friends, in fact one particular friend. My god that was the scarriest and hardest thing I did in my life... until that time. Little did I realize that life would keep handing me these challenges and try to keep kicking me while I was down. F you. I WON'T be taken down. I am better then any of that. I find that now, whenever I am facing a challenging situation I BLARE that song at top volume and remind myself that I am in control of my own destiny. I may do reckless things like drive like a maniac or whatever... while I am in an emotional state, but I am sick of other people dictating how I am feeling. I live for myself... I am strong enough to deal with what may come my way... I am better then that. I deserve to have it all, and I will fight for it, and I am worth it. F you world. I am in charge of me and I deserve nothing but the best. This hive started from a swarm I collected several years ago. It has always been a strong hive and has a fierce independence about it. I wasn't sure how well they were doing when I opened the hive today for the first time and saw all these dead SHBs on the tops of the bars. We have had a cold, cold end of February and I imagine they couldn't live through the weather.This is the first year of my five beekeeping years that I am still seeing live SHBs in the hives. Usually they all die off during the winter and then reappear at the end of June. But they are alive in both of my hives - not a lot - the bees are managing them - but they are there. Elegance is a comfortaqble, cdlassic, sturdily built gaff-rigged ketch - an ideal boat for leisurely cruising. The cheeky little boat on the near side of the jetty actually folds flat and can be carried away in one hand; it is light and strong, will take two people and can be slung from davits at Elegance's stern.  Well, no prizes for guessing where I spent the weekend. My son Etienne is engaged on a series of experiments with the strangest boats, dinghies and speed-on-the-water sailing machines. This odd one, with a sampan type sail and "training wheels" (to save him from frequent involuntary swims) was quicker and more comfortable than it looks! Tomorrow I'll show a very elegant invention, a boat that folds flat and can be carried in one hand...  Yes, that's Alice, with three admirers, on the threshhold of Aurora's notional air strip. Unfortunately Alice is parked in her hangar at present because her owner - one of the three admirers - is away on a short contract in Zimbabwe. I miss seeing her all wrapped up in protective clothing and tied down, on the edge of the strip, or saying a cheerful "good morning" overhead. One of the nicest things about Aurora is that there are a couple of people here who own aeroplanes or microlights, or both, and sail joyfully overhead bringing the wonder of flight to a place not long out of ox-wagons.  When the Fisheries Museum moved from Hout Bay to Laaiplek this specimen had been identified as a fossilised dolphin snout but a recent visitor I am a little out of my scrapping groove so this one is a bit of a "meh". I was inspired by the new LPS set {Apple Lily} when making this one of a close-up shot of C. Positive note of the day: I bought these flowers for myself. You can't tell from the pic but the roses are a mix of brown, red and pink tones...so unique! wwillcards Andie's Space stampin &nbsp; &nbsp; Papierowa margaretka My Creative Footprints Creative girls @ Scrap N Craft with T &amp; what we are up TO! Scraps of life &nbsp; Fatimah K Cards &nbsp; Debbi's Designs Stampin' and Scrappin' with Adrienne Today's LPS preview card meets the following requirements: The LPS DT challenge of making use out of something forgotten in your stash (in my case, this beautiful Papertrey Ink DP). It shows off the newest sentiment set {Everyday}. It uses the Card Patterns sketch for this week. (The Little Paper Shop is sponsoring this week's challenge!) To top it all off, we are having a blog hop today too! You should have arrived here from Jen's site...please leave a comment should you want to have a chance at this very pretty sentiment set {Everyday}. From here you have to go visit Pam (our illustrious DT momma!). Positive note of the day: Took the kidlets for a long walk today. Every moment I spend with them (free from the restrictions of a schedule), I get sad lately about how quickly they are growing up. I always joke with them that I should be like Lucy Van Pelt from the ol' Peanuts strips who constantly pushes down on Linus' head so that he won't get any bigger. As Tristan is quick to remind me, "That won't work, Mommy". Craft Obsession LIFE and TRIBULATIONS &nbsp; Soups and Scraps 300dpi &nbsp; Chris's Sweet Inspirations &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Liz's Paper Loft &nbsp; Canadian Nickel Scrap'n Disguised as a Grown-Up &nbsp; Made by Momo Gigi's Creative Designs Here she is {Apple Lily}...my new go-to gal for all those teacher cards! Wanna try and win an {Apple Lily} stamp set? Head on over to the LPS blog and leave your comment today since the draw is tomorrow! P.S. Here's the GSD file for the apple-shaped card. Positive note of the day: Got some super cute pics of the kids today! I want to thank everyone who has privately e-mailed me or commented this week. As you can imagine, I don't really have the capacity to reply since dwelling on my life does tend to get me a little over-wrought (how much Sinead O'Connor, Tracy Chapman and Alanis Morrisette can one woman listen to?). I do want to acknowledge that I have saved all your e-mails in a folder on my hard drive so when I need a little extra resolve, I can go back and re-read what you wrote. The fact that so many of you (especially from readers I never heard from before) took time out of your day to message me does my heart such good now...my gratitude is yours. to the museum says it's not that at all. Any curious archaeologists out there? I'd be glad to have a comment. Well, a garden in a dry climate, anyway! Aurora is having the hottest spell I can remember, so the sound of trickling water is a boon.  70 years ago our horses were ridden in the course of farming operations. My own horse, a grey military remount of 16 hands, with a mouth like iron and a will to match, would take me around the farm boundary, or be harnessed in a Cape Cart (fuel was scarce and rationed.) He also considered himself part of the family and would join us on the stoep looking for handouts. Today, if you want a ride at all,you pay an expensive riding school for the privilege of a mild canter around a limited area, trying to ignore the city in the distance, on a horse that is groomed and trained by others. Except for a few fortunate farmers in this area, who happily keep alive the traditions of gymkhana and distance events, and occasional week-long outrides.  Sadie again, on my son's boat Elegance, this time awake, alert, and waiting for the next instruction from Dickie, her owner, who is the centre of Sadie's universe.  Sadie is one of the dogs who lives next door to the cat on yesterday's post. She was a "Rescue dog", but her rescuer is someone who is one of those gifted people, often referred to as "horse whisperers" - so she has what seems an uncanny understanding of what is said to her, and appears to be trained not just in the conventional sense but far Hi everyone, My apologies for the sudden vanishing act. I am still only semi back, I think. My friend Nate came and spent several hours yesterday evening and got the computer so at least I could get the Explorer browser running. Things are still kind of messed up, though, so I'm not sure how long this will last or if I'll be able to do more than pretty basic functions. Having trouble with visual stuff and not able to get things to download. It's all frustrating and aggravating. I was lucky that SKYPE and AIM kept working so I was able to get my niece to post the notice that I wasn't able to post... so at least I didn't just vanish. Anyway, I'll be around this morning to check out people's contributions and will see if I can catch up and write my own. Meanwhile, so it doesn't get forgotten, here are some words for next week. The first eight words in the 10-word list have a history. Ten years ago a friend of mine who lives in Greece (Hi Viviane!) sent me a list of words. She has been having computer problems too and during her crisis started sorting through papers - she has printed out a lot of stuff - and came across the words and what I'd written. She challenged me to use them again and then she'd compare what I wrote now 10 years later to what I wrote then. So I thought I'd use them for our Saturday challenge and add a few more. So... Next week's 10-word challenge: culture, sheep, skin, mentally, box, desert, several people, church, Greece, thirst, Next week's mini challenge: swimming pool, cargo, czar, focus, fine Here's a quick stab at a mega for this week... Pluto, the labrador, was champing at the bit to explore all the wonders of the beach. There was that cool slimy seaweed and the starfish and that soggy thing full of matches that smelled really interesting. His human had no sense of adventure these days. She was always worrying about him doing something called " upsetting the apple cart " (he had done that once quite literally at the farmer's market and it was apparently a chapter in his life that he would never be allowed to live down. Even though his person had helped to get it upright again and had given the person some paper stuff, someone had nicknamed him Pesticide Pluto - a farmer joke, they said - and eventually, the human had stopped taking him along when she went there. But the beach... it was a puppy's paradise and he couldn't understand his human's reluctance to let him loose to explore. These days she seemed more uptight than usual. She was struggling with something called depression and her moods were unpredictable . Plus she seemed sometimes more unsteady than she used to be when she walked and he had heard her talking to a friend about something called liver spots . They had sounded very upset. It worried him. These days she mostly sat on the sofa in her plaid robe and slippers with a channel changer in her hand, so he was grateful that they were at least out together on an adventure. He looked back at her sitting in the sand and saw something in her demeanor that made him pause. Exploring could wait. And despite the wonders around him, he curled up quietly beside her and nuzzled against her, licking a tear from her cheek. At that she smiled and her face looked peaceful for the first time in days. Thanks, Plu. You keep me going, you know. I love you, you silly overgrown rascal. You give me joy as well as love. Thanks. I HOPE... hope, hope hope,... that I'll see you all next week. I'll try to get around to read the posts from those of you who posted even without me. Sort of late for this, but I'll put Mr. Linky up in case anyone wants to use him: DON'T FORGET TO ADD YOUR NAME TO MR. LINKY!!!!! There's a good chance I won't be posting wordzzles for a bit. I am currently cyber deprived. As soon as I am up and running, I will post. Be back soon. In the best of all possible worlds, health care reform would mean universal coverage - a system like Canada or France. This not being the best of all possible worlds, I think we should at least take what we can get. Imperfect reform is still reform. The following came in my email from the White House. I thought it was worth sharing... Good afternoon, $1,115 -- that's the average monthly premium for employer-sponsored family coverage in 2009. Annually, that amounts to $13,375, or roughly the yearly income of someone working a minimum wage job. 1 It gets worse: a recent survey found that if we do nothing, over the next ten years, out-of-pocket expenses for Americans with health insurance could increase 35 percent in every state in the country. 2 In an effort to put the past year's debate over health insurance reform into perspective, we're launching "Health Reform by the Numbers," an online campaign using key figures, like $1,115, to raise awareness about why we can't wait any longer for reform. We'll be sending out a new number every day. Learn what you can do to help spread the word: $1,115 is more money than what many Americans pay for rent or mortgage. But there's more to the problem than just numbers. Take Leslie Banks, an American mom with a daughter in college. In January of this year, she received a notice from her health insurance provider that her plan was being dropped. To keep the same benefits, the premiums for her and her daughter would more than double. Leslie was told by the insurance company that there was nothing she could do -- it was an across-the-board premium hike. If she paid the same monthly premium amount as before, the deductible would increase from $500 to $5,000, and she and her daughter would no longer have preventive care or prescription coverage. Yesterday, Leslie introduced President Obama at a health reform event in Pennsylvania. Check out what they had to say. It's important to raise awareness about numbers like $1,115 and stories like Leslie¡¯s because skyrocketing health care costs impact all of us. So take a moment to forward this email to your family, friends and online networks. With all of us working together, we'll send the message loud and clear -- the time is now for health insurance reform. It's time we made our health care system work for American families and small businesses, not just insurance companies. Let's get it done. Nancy-Ann DeParle Director, White House Office of Health Reform As I've said before, I don't get people's resistance to universal coverage. Massachussetts has a program similar to what the White House has proposed and it is apparently working quite well, the Republican Governor of the state opposes offering the rest of the country desperately needed help. One has to wonder if this is concern for the country or politics. Well, one doesn't really have to wonder, the answer is pretty obvious. I read recently that Sarah Palin used to go across the border to get health care for her family. You know that horrible socialist country to our north where she didn't have to pay for care. Hmmm. Another great reason to support Health Care reform is that Rush Limbaugh has threatened to leave the country and move to Costa Rica (which has universal health coverage) if health care passes. Would that the man ever spoke the truth. When he got sick in Hawaii a few months back, he raved about his care until he discovered that Hawaii has had universal coverage for its citizens for 40 years! The biggest reasons as far as I'm concerned, though - are human decency. What kind of nation are we if we let our own citizens suffer and die needlessly, when we don't make sure that every pregnant women gets the best possible care. There's also the common sense reason. While there may be short-term costs to reform, there are long-term savings... in money and in lives. I bought new windows for my house a while back. I had to accrue debt to do it, spend money I couldn't afford. Do I regret the decision? Not for a second. My quality of life has improved enormously, I'm saving on heating costs and the environment is benefiting too. I don't know if this analogy works, but I'm going to try it. The current state of health care - the uninsured, the outrageous costs - are like a cancerous tumor slowly killing the nation's people and it's economy. We can keep postponing surgery and see our people and our economy die while we wait - or we can take action, even imperfect action. Maybe we'll need additonal surgery. We'll be alive to have it. Sometimes you have to spend to save. Sometimes you spend because its necessary. Our current health care system has left many bankrupt or in crippling debt, even those who thought they were insured. That's just destructive of individual lives and of the nation's economic well-being. Lastly, I guess, it's simply not right for so many people to live without access to health care. We are our brother's (and sister's) keepers. It's true that if we don't hang together we will all hang separately. If we don't hang together way too many of us will die separately, needlessly in pain and in poverty. That's just wrong. Guess that's all I have to say. Not sure how coherent it is, but... This is week 102 of the Saturday Wordzzle Challenge. Anyone new to the process can refer back here to find out how it works. My list of mistake this week is overwhelming. SOOO sorry. Am I wrong or was pregnant on our list recently I try not to repeat words and phrases but sometimes I slip up. Sorry. Sorry too about food cream... and the fact that unlike a couple of weeks ago when there were 9 words, this time there are apparently 11. Agggghhhh! I have no idea what food cream is, how it got there, or what I was thinking. Probably meant whipped cream. And I spelled Hershey wrong. Clearly it wasn't a good week here in Hancock. Maybe they should start preparing my room at "the Home." Participation seems to have dropped off significantly of late but I plan to keep going for a while and reassess the situation at some point down the line. I would like some feedback from everyone about taking "Saturday" out of the equation since quite a few folks are having trouble making the Saturday deadline. It never really was a deadline in my mind, it's just back when I started the Wordzzle Challenge, I was posting daily or close to daily and so I picked Saturday for this challenge. If people would prefer it, we can change it (except for the logo which I'm too lazy at the moment to revise) to the WEEKLY wordzzle challenge and people can just post whenever they are ready. I'd still post mine on Friday evening as I've been doing. Let me know what you think. This week's words were: smoothness, sugar daddy, page, Copernicus, liquid, craggy, trapezoid, milquetoast, blizzard, food cream, dental problems For the mini: Hershey kisses, pregnant, scarring, cadet, grist mill My mini: Cadet Wanda Walker sat on her bunk and cried. She couldn't believe she was pregnant . How had this happened? One romantic dinner at the Grist Mill Inn with Max and her career was ruined. She had been worried by the occasional bouts of nausea but when she started craving Hershey Kisses , she knew... Now she would have to leave the army, the career that she loved. She knew that she carried deep emotional scarring from her own childhood as an army brat and she would not let that happen to her baby girl (she knew somehow that she was having a girl). She didn't know how Steve would feel about things, but she guessed she had to tell him. With or without him, though, this child would be loved and have a stable safe life. She would make sure of it. The mega: What on earth is food cream ??? Who made up these words? Didn't she proof read? I have no idea what I was thinking... obviously I WASN'T thinking. The grist mill of my brain had ground to a halt, wasn't functioning... major snafu. Sigh. Anyway... here's a bit of nonsense with for the rest of the words (which were also pretty awful). I wish I had a sugar daddy named Copernicus Trapezoid Jones. He'd have a craggy , handsome features, beautiful liquid brown eyes you could drown in, an urbane smoothness (not creepy or fake, just a natural easy charm), a wry but gentle wit, and piles of money. No dental problems , no major scarring (though I really don't care about that a bit... just have to get rid of the word). A gorgeous smile. We'd be on the same page politically. He wouldn't be a milquetoast , but he'd be agreeable. I'd win most of our arguments because he'd be persuaded by my thoughtful intelligence. Our days would be pregnant with laughter and inspiration. We'd write books together. On those days when I'm down or feeling like a space cadet , he'd hold my hand and see me through. And during Hancock's winter blizzards , we'd snuggle together and sip hot chocolate or nibble Hershey kisses. I'd like that. So Copernicus Jones, if you're out there.... I'm waiting. The 10-word: Copernicus Jones was considered by some to be almost too perfect. Men who were jealous called him - erroneously - a Harvey Milquetoast . He never much cared what people thought. Considering how perfect he was, he was remarkably modest and self-effacing. He'd had a trapezoid shaped face, handsome " craggy " features, skin that was reputed to have the smoothness of silk, and huge, liquid brown eyes that positively oozed with intelligence, humor and compassion. He'd never had a dental problem in his life. At age 58, his teeth were still perfect. His smile was reputed to make women swoon. When he had - in a moment of loneliness, because amazingly Copernicus Jones was lonely - listed himself on one of those e-harmony type websites, his email had been overwhelmed with a positive blizzard of responses. He'd had to take down his Facebook page because it too had been overwhelmed with admiring fans and women hoping for a handsome sugar daddy to buy them whatever they fancied. (Yes, Copernicus J was filthy rich too.) He'd responded to one woman because he was curious about her email address which was angel foodcream @... etc. She had turned out to be a touch crazy and he had given up on the idea of love and companionship. Then last night he'd had a strange dream in which a laughing raven had been calling out his name... When he woke up he had a feeling that maybe there was hope for him yet. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Words for next week's 10-word challenge are : slimy, Pluto, champing at the bit, peaceful, chapter, upright, depression, starfish, matches, channel changer For the mini: liver spots, pesticide, plaid, unpredictable, upsetting the apple cart Thanks for playing. For those who are new, here are some guidelines to make the process more fun. Enjoy! See you next week! DON'T FORGET TO ADD YOUR NAME TO MR. LINKY!!!!! Very interesting... The young woman who has started this movement makes wonderful good sense. I hope people listen to her. The last guy is a libertarian (not my cup of tea or coffee, but he's very interesting and thoughtful). This is week 101 of the Saturday Wordzzle Challenge. Anyone new to the process can refer back here to find out how it works. For anyone new to wordzzles, the words for this week's mini are a memorial of sorts for our wordzzle/blogger friend Dr. John Linna who died last week. He will be missed. ~~~ I wanted to share two things this week. We had two very late posts last week. One was from Stephen in AZ who shared that he has been posting late because he has not been feeling well. Maybe we can all send our prayers and good thought to him. I also - even though I don't like to play favorites - wanted to recommend that you stop by last week's other late post. Gabrielle wrote something truly wonderful using the words from 2 weeks ago and I'd hate for everyone to miss it. ~~~ This week's words were: smoothness, crafty, purchase, brief, chirping, forever, shift, moonrise, lampshade, stereotype For the mini: remembrance, Dr. John, Agent 012, dragons, Fortress My mini: The dragons , led by the noble Fandango, had gathered en masse at the Fortress of Remembrance . Many were weeping unabashedly, something that Dragons seldom do even in the most dire of circumstances, but they had lost a great friend - a human - but a great friend, none-the-less. Dr. John Linna - whom they affectionately called Agent 012 - had offered friendship and had become a spokesperson of sorts for the Dragon community, greatly improving human-dragon relations. They had enjoyed his wit and his kindness and his generosity to his fellow humans and to the dragons. He would be written up (and remembered orally), they all agreed, in Dragon Lore. For today, they would collect their tears and put them into a crystal bottle, which Fandago himself would deliver to Dr. John's beloved wife Betty and to his children. Dragon's tears were reputed to have legendary healing powers because they were rare and made of love. Fandango wished they were as healing to dragons as they were to humans because he thought perhaps his heart had broken. Of all the treasures he had amassed over the centuries, his friendship with Dr. John was perhaps the one he held most precious. He knew that friends like Dr. John never really leave us. They stay in our hearts and our memories, but memory was different than life and though he was now enshrined in the Fortress of Memory, thing would never be the same. My 10-word: Samson could not believe that the crafty merchant had gotten him to purchase ten cases of Moonrise Moonshine, but apparently he had. The last thing Samson remembered was being told about its smoothness and the words "just have a taste." A couple of sips later it felt as though the earth had shifted and after that he had a brief and very vague recollection of dancing with a lampshade on his head (could it be he had done something that was so sterotypical ?). This morning with a headache/hangover that made the sweet chirping of birds sound more like thunder, he thought perhaps he would give up drinking forever . My mega: The dragons had invited Raven to attend the ceremony at the Fortress of Remembrance for their friend Dr. John or Agent 012 as they had liked to call him. She had been more than a bit uneasy about the idea of attending a moonrise gathering of dragons but now she was glad she had decided to go. The the sight and sound of dragons weeping was something she would remember forever . It certainly shifted her existing stereotype of them as crafty , dangerous and cynical creatures. The memorial ceremony itself had been brief . The leader of the dragons - a dragon with a name like Tango or something like that - had appeared carrying what had (at first glance) appeared to her to be a lampshade. Fandango - that was the name - had later explained that it was a crystal container in which they would collect their tears to offer as a gift to the family. Anyway, Fandango had appeared, said something in a language which sounded oddly (especially given the massive size of dragons) like chirping except that there was a depth and smoothness to the tonality that was simultaneously moving and consoling and she found herself wishing she could purchase a recording of the sound for times when life was too much. She wished she could have brought her camera too record the occasion, but it had been expressly forbidden. She would have to remember it in her heart, along with Dr. John and so many other wonderful souls who had crossed through her life as she traversed this world. She asked if she could add some of her own tears to the dragons vial and they graciously allowed her to do so. It was not much, but it was all she had to offer. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Words for next week's 10-word challenge are : sugar daddy, page, Copernicus, liquid, craggy, trapezoid, milquetoast, blizzard, food cream, dental problems For the mini: Hersey kisses, pregnant, scarring, cadet, grist mill Thanks for playing. For those who are new, here are some guidelines to make the process more fun. Enjoy! See you next week! DON'T FORGET TO ADD YOUR NAME TO MR. LINKY!!!!! This is in two parts. Worth listening to. I have been where Olberman is now with his dying father. It is not an easy place to be. I wish there had been "death panel" discussions to help me through. Lucky for me, my parents and I had talked some about it and I had Dr. Jim. Not everyone has that. This is week 100 of the Saturday Wordzzle Challenge. Anyone new to the process can refer back here to find out how it works. This week's words were stinkers... Sorry about that... and for miscounting. I try not to edit what comes to me unless I'm hungry or something like that and french fries, ketchup and cheeseburger all come at once... wouldn't be any fun if there were NO challenge... ~~~~~~ As many of you know, Dr. John, who has been with us almost from the onset of this Wordzzle meme, died early this week and will not be here to celebrate our 100 week milestone. I know many of us are going to miss Dr. John, Agent 012, Fandago, and all the other imaginative characters that sprang from this good man's head, not to mention his support and comments. Anyone wishing to offer thoughts of consolation to his wife Betty can find her here . I have made next week's mini challenge a tribute of sorts to John's memory. ~~~~~~ This week's words were: transfixed, treachery, basics, fragrance, sampler, pregnant, cartoons, lark, spartan and for the mini: rapid, camping, blandishments, transitory, plug-ins My 10-(well 9 this week) word: Alexander Spartan stood transfixed by the beauty of his pregnant wife and devastated by her treachery . He loved everything about her - she was a sampler of wonders from the fragrance her body gave off as she entered a room to the basics of her beauty and intelligence. But at the moment he felt like one of those cartoon characters who has been hit on the head and stands with a flock of little larks circling. Was the baby, he wondered, his? The mega: The rapid clarity with which Lucinda realized that camping was not even slightly romantic quickly translated itself into a sense of deep betrayal. While she had not expected a plethora what one might call plug-ins , still, she had not expected anything quite this Spartan and she was not, as they say, a happy camper. Not happy at all. Doesn't he know by now that I'm not some kind of "back t0 basics girl" she wondered to herself, growing increasingly irritated by the treachery of being lured into this hell with promises of blandishments like transfixing vistas, deer, butterflies, and a sampler of beautiful flowers to uplift her soul, not to mention starlight and a crackling fire. Instead there were ants, rain and the distinct fragrance not of flowers and fresh air but of skunk. It was like being in a bad cartoon from which she couldn't wake up. She wished it was a cartoon. She would club Fred over the head and then for an extra lark she would pour honey on him and stake him over an ant hole. Watching her face, her husband knew that he was in deep trouble and that her mood was not likely to be transitory unless there was some kind of major miracle. "Honey love," he said finally and when - after an extremely pregnant pause - she acknowledged him - he continued on... what would you say to me taking you to that motel we passed a couple of miles down the road and.... but he was unable to go any further since his she had transformed back into his beloved wife and thrown herself into his arms with the words... "and you must promise me that we will never ever ever ever go camping again ... " And the mini: The transitory satisfaction the promised blandishments of various plug-ins brought to their eager downloaders was rather like the rapid realization for the inexperienced that camping was not all starry skies and bunnies, but also included ants, skunks and poison ivy. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Words for next week's 10-word challenge are : smoothness, crafty, purchase, brief, chirping, forever, shift, moonrise, lampshade, stereotype For the mini: remembrance, Dr. John, Agent 012, dragons, Fortress Thanks for playing. For those who are new, here are some guidelines to make the process more fun. Enjoy! See you next week! DON'T FORGET TO ADD YOUR NAME TO MR. LINKY!!!!!  Debut Author of the Month: Kristina Springer ... "I probably always knew in the back of my mind that I wanted to be a writer," Kristina Springer says in the long version of her bio on kristinaspringer.com . "But, it didn¡¯t hit me really hard until about 10 years ago." After years of reading and writing (technical, TV, and a little bad poetry), Kristina began writing young adult fiction in earnest. Her debut novel THE ESPRESSOLOGIST was published by FSG in October 2009. "The publishing process for THE ESPRESSOLOGIST was so great-- every step along the way was fun from the first line edits through getting the final cover. I finally found exactly what I want to do and it's an awesome, awesome thing." Tell my readers about your debut b ook THE ESPRESSOLOGIST . THE ESPRESSOLOGIST is about Jane, a 17-yr old part-time coffee barista at a Chicago coffee house. Jane has a notebook where she's been recording what type of drinks people order and she notices a trend--the same type of people always order the same type of drinks. One day she tries to match up a customer whose favorite drink is an iced vanilla latte with another whose drink is a dry cappuccino and they're a hit. She tries it a couple more times, with success, and then her boss finds out what she's been doing and turns her into the store's holiday promotion, causing a love and latte craze. You wrote the entire manuscript for your book from the same table at your local Starbucks. Is the Starbucks culture conducive to writing non-coffee-themed books, too? Oh yeah. I'm on book #8 now and I've written all of them in coffee shops. Though, I have been fancying Caribou lately--I can't lie. You had offers of representation from two agents and then your first book went to auction. How did you get to that point? Mostly just let rejections roll of my back and kept on going! I was inching toward the 100 agents queried mark with my first YA book (I've since buried that book. RIP Book #1) while writing THE ESPRESSOLOGIST . I felt really good about THE ESPRESSOLOGIST and was so excited to start querying it. Once I did, things happened really fast. Suddenly there were a number of agents reading it, two offered, and then maybe a week or so after I signed with one of the agents the first offer from a publisher came in. There were more interested publishers so my agent set up an auction. It was all very exciting! You have four kids under 7. How do you juggle life and writing life (and don¡¯t say lots of coffee). I won't say coffee (but it helps!). It is a bit of a struggle. OK, it can be a lot of a struggle some days but I manage to pull it off. Basically, the kids can get loud and cranky so I always attend to their needs first. But if there is a moment that I can sneak to the laptop and post a blog here and there I'll take it. If an idea for a chapter I'm working on hits me I'll write it down anywhere I can. Of course then my notes end up in e-mail drafts and on post-its/receipts/mail/kids' homework/you name it. I do all business calls between 1 and 2 PM (a.k.a. naptime at the Springer house). And I write after the kids go to bed. Usually my husband will get home from work at this time and I can make a dash for the coffeeshop to write. I do promotional type stuff (signings, panels etc.) primarily on the weekends when my husband can take over with the kids. THE ESPRESSOLOGIST has been out for several months. What have you done in the way of promotion? Online presence? How is it going? I do as much as I can! Online I blog/ tweet /facebook a lot. I'm at kristinaspringer.blogspot.com and I also blog with a great group of writers at author2author.blogspot.com . Our group posts five days a week so we're very active. I've tried a couple of ads on various sites and I've done lots of giveaways. It's especially nice to group up with other authors for giveaways too, Like Kristin Walker ( A MATCH MADE IN HIGH SCHOOL ) and Rhonda Stapleton ( STUPID CUPID ) and I did a fun one for Valentine's Day. We asked people to write us a poem and we picked a random winner to receive an autographed copy of each of our books, candy, and handmade Valentine cards. In person I go to as many events as I can. I've done a number of signings, a YA panel, the yearly Anderson's Children's literature breakfast, an author fair, and a school visit so far. I have a teacher's appreciation luncheon coming up this weekend and another author fair right after that so I try to keep busy on the weekends. I don¡¯t drink coffee. Does it make sense that I¡¯d marry a Jewish psychologist who¡¯s a java junkie? No. That makes no sense whatsoever. Um, maybe it's an opposites attract thing? Perhaps you've yet to succumb to the delicious addiction and you'll eventually pick it up? I wouldn't eat salad until I was like 18 and now I love it. Maybe you'll come around. How many reviewers have called your book ¡°frothy¡±? Too many to count! I've seen lots of "cute," "sweet," "frothy" and lots of people talking about reading it while getting cozy by fireplaces/christmas trees/with a blanket/whatever else you like to get cozy by or with. I totally love that people get that from the book because that's what I was going for--the warm fuzzies. Tell us about your second novel that will be published by FGS later this year. I am insanely excited about my new book! It's called MY FAKE BOYFRIEND IS BETTER THAN YOURS. It's about two 7th grade BFFs who each think each other's "boyfriend" is a fake. It becomes competitive (like if one says her boyfriend sent her carnations the other says her boyfriend sent her roses) and hilarious. It will be out in the August 31st. Finally, can you offer some advice to other debut authors? To those pursuing publication? To other debut authors: Don't read the reviews! Ok, I know you'll read some of the reviews-- especially from the bigger reviewers. But don't read ALL of the reviews. Like all the goodreads and Amazon and random reviews that pop up online everyday. People's opinions vary so widely and if you start reading everything you might let it affect your thinking and possibly your writing. One person may say OMG, this is the BEST BOOK EVER!! Um, no it's not. And another might say OMG, this is the worst thing ever written! Again, not. It's better to not obsess over what everyone is saying and just work on your next book. To those pursuing publication: Don't give up! You'll be rejected. A LOT. But you can't let it stop you! You need to believe in your work and keep on trying. A Catching Up Post... Hopefully you've missed me, dear readers. My blog has been quiet for a bit as I was home in bed for a week taking Vicodin and watching Law &amp; Order reruns with frozen edamame in my pants. And one should not post in that state. But I'm back at work now, almost all better and pretty much caught up on my work. Now to catch you up... My birthday was a week ago Wednesday, but I rescheduled it due to the situation described above. (So if you asked me, I'll tell you I'm still 41.) I've decided it will officially occur on March 20th, at which time I will be in New York to catch the end of the NYC Teen Author Festival. Click here for the event schedule posted on the readergirlz blog. There's all kinds of stuff going on all over the city, including the World's Biggest Book Signing in the World! at Books of Wonder (where they also sell cupcakes). Look for tweets from me during the events and a post or two when I get back. SCBWI announced their 2010 Golden Kite Award recipients . Their award for fiction went to SEA OF THE DEAD by Julia Durango; nonfiction to ASHLEY BRYAN: W O RDS TO MY LIFE'S SONG by Ashley Bryan; picture book text to THE LONGEST NIGH T b y Marion Dane Bauer (illustrated by Ted Lewin); picture book illustration to GRACIA S THANKS illustrated by John Parra (written by Pat Mora). Honor award recipients were also announced. The winners will be honored at the Golden Kite Luncheon at the SCBWI Annual Summer Conference in LA (July 30-August 2) which will be covered by SCBWI TEAM BLOG. This weekend is our first WD Editors' Intensive of 2010. If you can't make it to this one, mark your calendar for September 11-12 when we'll be offering another weekend of information and critiquing featuring yours truly as well as a raft of other awesome WD editors. That's it for now. I'm off to do some interviewing, editing and WRITING (all my favorite fun work stuff). Five Things I Learned from Heather Brewer's Book Signing... I attend a lot of author events because, well, I love to meet authors. Most recently I saw Heather Brewer , author of the best-selling Chronicles of Vladimir Tod series, doing a signing at my local B&amp;N to support the release of book #4 in the series, ELEVENTH GRADE BURNS . This was a particularly fun author event for me (more on that below) and Heather did a terrific job addressing her young (and not so young) audience about her writing career and her books and her characters. Here are a few things we learned: 1) Give yourself permission to write. Not to get all Nike on you, but if you want a career as a writer, it's not going to happen unless you just do it. Although it was something Heather longed for for years, she was told by parents and even her beloved librarians that being an author wasn't really an option and she'd need a "real job." Finally, she said, after her youngest child started school, she discussed her career options with her spouse. What would you do , he asked her, if money didn't matter and you could do whatever you wanted? I want to be an author , she told him. Then do it , he said. (She proceeded to write, find an agent, get a book contract, and hit high on the New York Times Bestseller List.) It's OK to give yourself permission to follow your dream. But if it takes a supportive, encouraging significant other, that's OK too. 2) Goal setting is important. Heather's Brewer's formula: butt + chair = writing. Even when she's on tour she writes 1,000 words a day. Books don't write themselves, after all. So, again, just do it. 3) Mine the painful stuff for material. Heather told the bookstore audience about growing up in a small town where she felt like an outcast and was bullied. (Except when she spent time in the library. "Bullies don't know there is a library," she said.) She calls upon these experiences as she writes her main character, Vladimir Tod. Because, really, who's more of an outcast than a vampire in junior high? Heather Brewer's Chronicles of Vladimir Tod books. 4) Boys read. And they come to author events. There were a lot of them and they were excited. I sat next to kid named Nick who talked my arm off about the books and characters he loved. (I asked him what grade he was in. "Sixth," he told me. Then he looked at me, paused, and said," You're not in any grade, are you?") Another boy raised his hand during the Q&amp;A and when called on he was so nervous he couldn't remember his question. (He did later, then asked several more.) Another boy who seemed kind of shy was in front of me in the singing line. With his head slightly lowered he spent several minutes giving Heather a synopsis of the story he wants to get published (which sounded really cool). These boys love books. 5) Authors are rock stars. OMG. The kids LOVE Heather. Love love love. A heard a few of them say they'd been there for hours because they wanted good seats. A couple of girls with hair dyed unnatural colors said they wanted to high five Heather and never wash their hands again. Four girls drove in from Michigan. (That's far.) One girl took a photo with the author, ran next door to Kinkos and got an 8x10 printed and came back to get it signed. And they were asking questions, thoughtful ones that could have only come from devoted fans. Tons of them wore vampire smiley face apparel. It was the best, most enthusiastic bunch of slightly awkward, slightly pimply, hoodie-wearing tween fans I'd ever seen. I wanted to take them all home with me. But I bet they all wanted to go home with Heather Brewer. Heather Brewer at the signing table. Crawling Out From Under Snowpocalypse &amp; Being Lost in a Good Book... If you don't live around here, I'm sure you've all seen the news of the recent enormous snowfall dumping on hunks of the country. In case you missed them on my Facebook page , here are a few pictures I took through the windows of my warm house, most likely while wearing a Snuggie. Because of the snowiness, I was pretty much stuck in the house for FOUR SOLID DAYS. Me, Katkin, the boy, the elderly cat, and a dwindling supply of cereal and canned goods. But instead of watching the Olympics, I engaged in a few glorious days of all-in reading. A friend recommended Kathryn Stockett 's debut novel THE HELP (note: a book for grown-ups) and once I got into it, I was gone. I neglected my family. I ate very little. I wore pajamas. There was no showering. I read chapters out loud and copied down my favorite lines. And when I finally finished it at 3:15 AM on Monday I sat weeping on my sofa. Sigh. Several times a year I'm completely consumed by a book this way. Nothing exists but me, the characters and their world. And when I read the last page and close the cover, it's as if I'm leaving a lover after a secret weekend in a hotel room. There has been very little sleeping. Scenes linger in my thoughts for weeks. And I wish I could go back and experience it anew. I am now clean, well-rested and back at my desk. I've loaned the book to another friend and ordered her to start reading so we can discuss. And I'm looking forward to the next snowstorm or airplane ride or day when I suddenly have a few hours and a gem. (Your recommendations are welcome.) Some Monday Fun: Author Erin Dealey Raps on Writing... Check out Erin Dealey's Writer's Rap featuring a guest appearance by SCBWI and a cameo by the 2010 CWIM . And remember: Ya gotta have a hook. DBW, SCBWI, My Webinar &amp; WD Intensives... I've been gone for more than a week, so I've got so much to talk about! DBW &amp; SCBWI I got back from New York last night after attending both Digital Book World and the SCBWI Annual Winter conference. I hope you all were following the tweets ( #dbw , #scbwiny10 ) and the SCBWI Conference Blog . (Mega kudos for my amazing TEAM BLOGgers Jaime , Jolie , Lee and Suzanne .) TEAM BLOG, l to r: Lee Wind, Suzanne Young, Jaime Temairik, me, Jolie Stekly One of the sessions I attended at DBW was on Digital Content and Marketing for the Born-Digital Generation. I wrote about it for DBW so click over to read about the cool and successful things Simon &amp; Schuster, Harper and Scholastic are doing to reach out to their young, tech-savvy audience. Agent Holly Root of Waxman Literary also participated in the panel. She offered this advice to writers: "Reach readers, navigate the changing review landscape, use social media to its fullest." UPCOMING EVENTS If all the DBW and SCBWI conference coverage has you in the mood for an informative event (and you'd like some tips that can help you better follow Holly Root's advice), I've got a couple things coming up that might interest you. First, I'm presenting an hour-long webinar focused on children's publishing called Get Your Children's Writing Published . I gave a similar webinar last year and I was thrilled to see a tweet about it the other day (YAY!): @ lkblackburne Last year, w/ no blog, no twitter account, and no clue, I took @ alicepope 's Children's writing seminar. So worth it. You can get more information and register here. If you've got more than an hour to devote to learning, the Writer's Digest staff is offering one of our popular Editors' Intensives March 13-14. This event offers a day of programming, a one-on-one manuscript critique, and a some solid WD swag. Plus we can only fit a limited number of people in the WD HQ so there's an intimate feel and plenty of opportunity for interaction with WD staff. (You'll get all your questions answered!) You can get more information and register here. A side note: Thanks to everyone for your input on Twitter and Facebook throughout my week of conferencing. I so appreciate your comments, responses and retweets. Alice Has Left the Nati--Follow Me Online... As soon as I post this, I'm leaving the office and heading to the airport to got to New York for Digital Book World and the SCBWI Annual Winter C onference . But, never fear--you don't have to miss me... Watch my Twitter feed on Tuesday and Wednesday for tweets from DBW (#dbw) and check the DBW blog for daily reports on the event. You can also follow DBW on Twitter . For as-it-happens conference action, stay glued to the Official SCBWI Conference Blog where I and the rest of SCBWI TEAM BLOG will cover the event live. (If you can't join the fun, we'll bring it right to your computer screen!) Here's a rundown of our exclusive pre-conference interviews with SCBWI Winter Conference speakers (as swiped from Jaime's blog): Jolie Stekly featured blogger Jenn Bailey Lee Wind featured Art Director Laurent Linn and agent Eddie Gamarra and author Jacqueline Woodson Suzanne Young featured publisher Ben Schrank Jaime Temairik featured publisher Allyn Johnston and illustrator Peter Sis I interviewed agent Tina Wexler and conference tips from conference-goer Jane Makuch Debut Author of the Month: Libby Schm ais Je suis heureux de vous informer that starting today, I'm reviving le Debut Author du mois feature on mon blog. (Those of you who contacted me for First Books: You may be hearing from in months to come.) January's DAotM is Libby Schmais , whose YA debut is The Pillow Book of Lotus Lowenstein , released from Delacorte en D¨¦cembre . Says Kirkus: "readers of any age will savor Lotus¡¯s panache...Chick lit par excellence." You can read a d ¨¦ licieuse excerpt here . Describe your debut YA novel, The Pillow Book of Lotus Lowenstein . The Pillow Book of Lotus Lowenstein is a diary book by a teenager living in Brooklyn who is obsessed with all things French. Lotus feels stifled by her life in Park Slope, Brooklyn and fancies herself an existentialist, although her real knowledge of that philosophy and actual French words is a little sketchy. She and her best friend Joni end up both liking the same guy, another Sartre aficionado, and things come to a head during a school trip to Montreal, challenging both her friendship and her freethinking ideas. You¡¯d published a couple of books for adults¡ªwhat made you write for a YA audience? I didn¡¯t consciously set out to write a YA book. The character of Lotus appeared to me one day, and the voice was a teenage one, so I just kind of went with it. I think if I had decided to write a modern-day YA novel from the beginning, I would have been intimidated, because it was out of my comfort zone. Why did you choose diary format? Have you kept journals at some point? Well, Lotus is studying The Pillow Book of Sei Shonagan in school, a famous Japanese diary book so that¡¯s part of the reason I chose the diary format. The other reason is that I¡¯ve always wanted to write a diary book. So many of my favorite books are diary books, like I Capture the Castle , Bridget Jones¡¯ Diary , The Diary of Adrian Mole , etc. And in answer to your question, I have tried to write in many journals over the years and have a stack of half-filled notebooks that are impossible to read because my handwriting is so terrible. Like your title character Brooklynite Lotus Lowenstein, are you a Francophile and/or an existentialist? I¡¯m definitely a Francophile. I love French food, speaking French badly, and I have recurring fantasy about moving to the South of France, preferably near a field of lavender and an outdoor caf¨¦. I¡¯m also a bit of an existentialist, particularly on Mondays, when life seems tr¨¨s meaningless. How did you end up at Delacorte? Do you have an agent? I do have an agent ¡ª the fabulous Stephen Barbara of Foundry Media , who hooked me up with Delacorte. I actually have a two-book deal, so I will have another YA book coming out in approximately a year or so, with a totally different character, although equally quirky and misguided. You¡¯ve recently completed the My-Life-Is-Merde-but-Have-a-Bonnes-F¨ºtes-Anyway Blog Tourapalooza, you¡¯ve got a fan page on facebook , and you blog and tweet as your main character. Did I miss anything? How are your book promotion efforts going? Wow, it sounds so exhausting when you put it like that. Yes, that covers it, except for maybe Goodreads , which is a great site for authors. I have to say all the YA bloggers are a very encouraging and enthusiastic bunch, and they¡¯ve been very positive about the book, so I¡¯d say the online promotion is going well, although I always feel that I could be doing more. Can you offer some advice to first-time YA authors? Advice. Hmmm. Probably the same advice I give myself ¡ª try not to be too influenced by what everyone else is doing and write the story that you need to write. And don¡¯t be so hard on yourself. Writing is not easy. her in search of greasy drunk food: East Village, Lower East Side, Hell's Kitchen/Times Square. I still remember the first street gyro I had, in the summer of 2007 in the East Village. Life-changing.Another staple of the food cart family, pictured above, is something I had inexplicably not partaken of until today: the coffee cart. These are all over the city in the mornings, spanning from Harlem to Wall Street. I see one on my walk to the train in the mornings at 103rd and 3rd, and then on my walk from the train to work along virtually every street in Tribeca. This morning I really, really wanted some orange juice - I know, I'm such a hardass - and, remembering I had a few rare dollars in my wallet, I decided to brave the mysterious coffee cart and partake of a New York staple.I felt weirdly nervous as I waited in line, listening to the guy in front of me order a large coffee with two Splendas. The guys behind me, who clearly worked together, were having a conversation about their summer plans, tossing around the prospect of finding other work or maybe leaving the city. As they talked, visions of Coney Island danced in my head: the beach, sun, cool ocean breeze, sand, hot dogs, music, cutoff shorts, swimsuits. I felt warm and happy. The guy in front of me finished ordering and I stepped up to the window. The coffee cart man smiled down at me, and I told him I just wanted an orange juice. He asked me if that was it and I said yes. He told me it would be a dollar and 25 cents.  Well...it has been a crazy past few months- Christmas has been in full throttle for us!! We introduced our new 2009 Christmas silhouette...and were swamped with orders before posting it on-line! We wanted to share a few with you...these are still available... ...and hope your tree-trimming, wassail-sipping, carol-humming days are going fabulously well! Discuss on Ringsurf Ta Dah....here it is...with much fanfare and appreciation for the great carpenter and his masterpiece... ...the finished plate rack.... It was painted white and accessorized with black and white. Look at those trimmed out corners! One project down......1,444,000 more to go! Have a blessed and wonderful day! smiles, kari & kijsa Discuss on Ringsurf Praise God from whom all blessings flow... Discuss on Ringsurf Praise God from whom all blessings flow... Discuss on Ringsurf "Enter his gates with thanksgiving and his courts with praise; give thanks to him and praise his name. For the Lord is good and his love endures forever, his faithfulness continues through the generations" Psalm 100:4-4 Discuss on Ringsurf About Sisters... " She is your mirror, shining back at you with a world of possibilities. She is your witness, who sees you at your worst and best, and loves you anyway. She is your partner in crime, your midnight companion, someone who knows when you are smiling, even in the dark. She is your teacher, your defense attorney, your personal press agent, even your shrink.. ." ~Barbara Alpert Thank you Kari...for just being you! For more pink sweetness...visit the wonderful Beverly. ! Discuss on Ringsurf We just returned from a fabulous tip to Scotland...and at the risk of being the relative who makes you sit through hours of slides and photos...here we go!! Edinburgh was beautiful...an elegant European city with a wonderful laid back attitude... Edinburgh Castle was filled with beauty, history, and inspiration... The weather cooporated wonderfully- it only rained one day (yes, we know...it really was Scotland!) Every town, every tower, every castle and cottage left us loving this country...it felt like such a warm and welcoming place to visit... We even searched for Nessie, the Monster among the waters of Loch Ness... We checked to see if the Queen was visiting in residence at Holyrood...(on another note...must read Mary, Queen of Scots ...) Sterling, Pitlochary, Inverness, Ullapool, the Highlands... Everything was so lush and green...such a contrast of living beauty amongst the 500 year old ruins of St Andrews Cathedral... Views from the William Wallace tower overlooking the battle sites of 'Braveheart' Blair Castle &amp; Bruar Falls...they even had a seek and find game for the kids throughout this old castle!... This was Cawdor Castle...we had to hurry through...the Countess was returning in the morning! Beautiful, beautiful Scotland... The gardens were all still in full bloom... And we finished it off with a stroll along the Old Course...oooooooh...back to reality! Discuss on Ringsurf Unmentionables - those articles of ladies' apparel that are never discussed in public, except in full-page, illustrated ads. ~Changing Times A little touch of bright pink color with a smile! For more pink inspiration, check out Beverly's Pink Saturday to see other pink posts!! Interesting note: This is the painting on the Ladie's Room Door (to the Loo!) from the Elephant House, a coffee shop in Edinburgh, Scotland famous as the location where JK Rowling wrote her Harry Potter Series. Discuss on Ringsurf  Today Jordan and I went to a bull sale. I couldn't stop laughing during the auction; the auctioneer was hilarious and it was just like a movie. Jordan's mom was there, which is why we went. We both tried to make Jordan smile for a picture, but he really didn't want to. He likes to pretend he's a serious, grumpy guy. Also, I was definitely the only person there wearing floral ballet flats. This weekend was full of comfort food. I got a cold, so I made lots of food to make myself feel better. The homemade macaroni and cheese was my favorite. Hello, perfect start to my weekend! I get to spend so much time with Jordan now because his spring break starts today. :) Hope you all have a beautiful weekend. Hello my sweets! I have exciting news! I'm opening a vintage housewares shop on Etsy soon! I've always been in love with things that are sweet and a little bit country, like they'd belong in a cabin, and now I'm doing what I love and opening a shop. Hopefully by the middle of next week my shop will be as full and perfect as I'm dreaming, so I'll share the link with you then.&nbsp; In the meantime, here is a sneak peak of some items I love. My sweet Danny cat got sick yesterday, so we spent many hours at the vet's office last night. &nbsp;Since she already had surgery two years ago, I pretty much lost it when the same problems happened yesterday. &nbsp;Thankfully, the vet doesn't think she needs surgery this time, just antibiotics and prescription food. &nbsp;So my poor fat kitty is very tired and sad today, but hopefully will be better soon. Update I got this text this afternoon. It seems like she's doing better! Hi mom. I'm doin good. Today is my turn to take turn in the Blog It Forward Mashup . The idea is to write about what inspires us the most, and for me that is planning. I plan where I will live... ...what my house will look like... ...where I want to travel... ...my wedding someday... ...drives I want to take... ...adventures I will have... ...and the life I want to live. click on photos for image sources &nbsp;&nbsp;Yesterday's post was by&nbsp; oh, hey great! &nbsp;and tomorrow's post will be by&nbsp; Oh So Beautiful Paper . Please be sure to go check out both of their inspiring posts! Since the weather has been so nice, Jordan and I went down to the river by his house Sunday morning. There is hardly any ice left on the river, which is amazing because it was completely covered when we were there for Christmas. I can't wait for spring so we can finally spend days outside. I took so many pictures of Parker this weekend! My favorites were of him drinking water during lunch; first he loved it, then he really hated it. P.S. Aren't his cheeks so adorable?! I just wanted to cuddle him all day. P.P.S. I may have been a little selfish and held him way more than everyone else. Sorry! (I'm not really that sorry, though.)  foreground: snow background: daffodil sprouts! c elebrations are few and far between after valentine's day and before easter. oh sure, there's saint patrick's day but, other than the wearin' o' the green, it's not such a big deal around here. s o in an effort to liven up midwinter, when the girl was little we started celebrating her half birthday. i'd make half a cake, give her half a birthday card, sing half the birthday song... just enough frivolity to make an otherwise drab ordinary march day into something special and fun. e ven though she's now grown, we still honor the half birthday. and to make it even more special, her hubby also has a half birthday within days of hers. i guess we could have celebrated both "special" days yesterday with a whole cake - but it was so much more fun to have two halves. r ain in march is dreary and cold. but it washes away piles of january snow that have been dirty and ever-present for much too long. this taken from the driveway, through the windshield, while contemplating a dash between the raindrops and into warmth of the kitchen. s ee that spindly contraption of pastel pipe cleaners? i found it today on display at one of my favorite shops. it's an easter tree. an easter tree, for cryin' out loud!! the store even had little egg ornaments to hang from it, in addition to the easter baskets and bunnies and books. this christmas crossover is just too bizarre for me. decorate eggs at easter, yes - but not trees! is no tradition sacred? and what will they think of next?? b right light in the morning these march days and the air is smelling cool and earthy. deep in the woods, huge flocks of crows have been gathering at dawn, cawing and calling to each other, raucous enough to be heard even through still closed windows. the wood pile shrinks. the snow recedes. pine cones fall. the equinox looms. and finally this morning, i go outside without boots. s ix months now, my mother has been gone. all around me there are still her things, remembrances of the person she was and the life she lived. some items are finally being used up, like a stash of book matches, the packets of sugar, and this bottle of purple shampoo that matched her purple bathroom. for the longest while, i left them untouched, as they had been when she was alive, the only remaining pieces of her i could preserve in time. but as weeks and months pass, it's becoming a little easier to finally let her slip away. now i make myself use her things and i think of her when i do. even though the last of her lavender shampoo is now gone, my mom is still in my heart. o n my way to work this morning, i killed a small animal. i noticed it appear at the crest of a snow pile by the side of the road. i watched it scamper quickly down the bank. i saw it skitter out into the road, carrying a nut or a cone or something in his mouth. these little creatures are so fast. sometimes by swerving, you invariably hit them. so i stayed the course, slowing a bit and holding my breath. no small thudding sound and i thought he was safe. but a glance in the side view mirror showed the nut careening across the road, without its owner, who lay still, a small receding lump on the road behind me. it was just a squirrel. i don't know why i feel badly - but i do. f our old apples, hidden on a low shelf in the dark back corners of the refrigerator. too far gone for even applesauce, i'm afraid. using my best overhand, i'll fling them far out into the woods, a tasty snack for some surprised hungry deer who happens upon them, laying shriveled in the snow.  This book, written by Marcus T. Anthony (PhD), is a radical change from most self-help or spiritual-leaning books. Dr. Anthony has intensely studied both, coming up with a new way of integrating the two. Believing himself to be a "futurist," he provides specific processes intended to help the reader get in touch with their inner knowing. You know, that niggling little feeling in the back of your mind that says you really should be focusing here &nbsp;instead of there , or on this &nbsp;instead of that .&nbsp;He terms this process "integrated intelligence," and its outcome "wisdom and transformation." You can read some of Dr. Anthony's academic papers here , on his website. This book is a sequel to Integrated Intelligence , and is written in an easy to understand format. "This book is about a particular way of enhancing wisdom; using the innate ability of the mind to draw upon intelligence beyond the boundaries of self, and then applying that intelligence to make decisions, take action, and then reflect upon the whole process. This is the Wisdom Cycle." He doesn't give the kind of advice that says this process is easy. Quite the opposite. Which is why I liked this book. He helps the reader take responsibility, which I believe is the key to success when it comes to any kind of transformation. Giving ways of connecting and healing those broken parts of ourselves that often originate in childhood. Connecting and talking down the ego, which never goes away. It is part of who we are, an integral part of our psyche. It just has a habit of running the show, causing us untold havoc and problems. This book would appeal to those that are interested in psychology and spirituality. Also to those who feel they have a specific purpose, but have been unsuccessful in connecting with it. Based in psychology, but with new ways of understanding who we are, and how we can change the world through transformation of the mind, this was an interesting read. We picked two movies to watch this weekend. My pick was a flop, in our opinion. We didn't make it to the end, despite Ricky Gervais, a favorite of mine. I can't recommend The Invention of Lying . However, my husband's pick rocked - literally! We loved this movie! Without giving away the plot to those that might want to watch it - just let me say, if you love rock and roll, especially music from the sixties, you must watch this movie. Two big thumbs up! I'm in the process of cleaning up my blog. I have been following many people that either have not posted in several months, have not commented here, or have eliminated their blog altogether. So I stopped following several. However, if I stopped following you and you do stop by here occasionally, or may return to your blog eventually, please let me know! I will be more than happy to add you back. I would hate to lose a friend that is just taking a break. Remember, many of you are followed on my dashboard, not just on my sidebar. I still go there to check up on people I haven't heard from in a while. But if you haven't commented here, nor have you written on your blog in three months, I'm assuming you have moved along. In that case, I wish you all well, and if you return at some later date - please drop by. Blogger has just launched a brand new feature for templates! You can completely customize your blog without trying to download from other sites! Go here: http://bloggerindraft.blogspot.com/ Stay tuned for a new and improved Life In The Second Half! I am starting to see more and more buttons! I would really like to have a left side on my blog for buttons, but blogger doesn't seem to have one. Does anyone know anything about templates that are not from blogger? Do they work well? Can you add blogger gadgets? What should I watch out for? Help! I finally visited Hearst Castle on the southern California coast. Something that I've wanted to do for years. The structure was never finished, even after 30 years of construction. (Please click to enlarge!) There are several tours to choose from, and we took the basic tour which included two gigantic pools, one inside and one outside, both of olympic proportions. This tour also included one of three guest houses, William Randolph's favorite - the one he chose to spend time in toward the end of his life at age 88, despite a lavish master bedroom in the main structure. He had homes all over the world, but "The Ranch," as he referred to it, was special. It continues to be a working cattle ranch. Hearst's parents bought the property in 1865 and it includes 50 miles of coastline. The castle is now a museum, but the property and houses on the ranch remain with the Hearst Corporation. What we found interesting was the people who surrounded Mr. Hearst. He began building this incredible structure when he was 56 years old! After completing the first guest house, he began a 30-year affair with Marion Davies, a 21-year-old starlet, 37 years his junior. He never married her, and while she was his constant companion, his wife, and mother of his five sons, would sometimes act as hostess to important guests at the castle. Winston Churchill, Amanda Earhardt, Charles Lindbergh, David Niven, Howard Hughes, Myrna Loy, Bob Hope, Cary Grant, to name just a few. The story goes that while on his deathbed Davies became upset with the loud chatter and activity surrounding him. We can only guess that she felt he was not being afforded proper respect. At which point she was given a sedative by her niece and her niece's husband. When she awoke she was surprised to find that he had died during the night and his body, and all personal effects, had been removed. His funeral took place in San Francisco without her in attendance. It was only after the death of her niece did it become publicly known that she was actually the love child between herself and Hearst. One wonders if the "niece" ever knew who her real parents were, since it did not become public until after her death. Hearst was not known to have many children as guests at the ranch. The movie The Cat's Meow&nbsp; is based on Marion Davies and William Randolph Hearst, and will be on my Netflix queue, since my current obsession is all things William Randolph. Of course there are other interesting stories, such as the supposed fatal shooting of Thomas Ince on Hearst's yacht. The story goes he caught Davies and Charlie Chaplin in bed, chasing him to the deck where he accidently shot Ince while trying to kill Chaplin. (Charlie was quite handsome!) Many more stories surround the life of William Randolph Hearst, but you'll have to wait until my next tour of the castle. We hope to make annual trips to the beautiful coast of California each spring. We had a great time soaking in the warmth. Los Angeles in March is great, but San Diego was even better. Off to the coast and a tour of Hearst Castle, (more about that tomorrow), and home to a light snow. Can't wait to fill you in on the gossip surrounding William Randolph, just in case you've forgotten that story... Looking forward to catching up with all of you! http://www.terragalleria.com/ See you in a few... Well, that's how a friend of mine refers to The Captain's Arms, a local pub that's jumping once the weather turns cooler in Abu Dhabi. Like almost all liquor-serving establishments, it's located in a hotel (private clubs can serve, as well). These photos, taken with my camera phone after a few tasty pints, are of a 3 man band that starts in the Italian restaurant directly beside the Captain's Arms (Papagallo's) and eventually wanders over to pub's customers playing pretty much any song you request. Give them a 20 or 30 dirhams, and they'll hang around your table for a few extra songs.Plumpest snow globs I've ever seen this far south. It was rather surreal. A bit like the 3" long rocket-shaped hail last winter. Extreme weather is thrilling. Scary. And it's going to get more extreme. Been through Missouri tornadoes, hurricanes, wildfires and earthquakes, desert floods, Austin floods, blizzards, mudslides, El Nino, La Nina, droughts, and forest fires. There's a wild joy in nature busting loose, even when there is real danger. Somehow the primordial elements seem more in the order of things, rather than say, a car wreck.(Austin, TX, February 2010) Notice how green it is, even though it's snowing. Reminds me of a March--gee, 17 years ago--when I flew to Austin from NJ to attend Paul B's last party. We had been through 23 separate snow storms since New Year's Eve, with ice still on all but the major highways. As the plane dropped into the old Mueller airport, something felt off-kilter. Once we dropped below the clouds, it was emerald green as far as the eye could see. There wasn't a sprig of green in Jersey. A lush 18 inch thick carpet of grass stunned my snow-accustomed eyes. Bluebonnets hadn't yet bloomed, but it was obviously going to be a bumper year. Much like this spring will be.After years of relentless sunshine, heat and cold, withered plants and panting trees, Austin is a different animal this winter, metamorphosed by rain. Only in Texas skies can the color gray be described as vibrant. Light lends a different character to colors under the lowering  ( beavertail cactus in bloom) " i hold no preference among flowers, so long as they are wild, free and spontaneous" ~desert solitaire~ edward abbey (ocotillo blossoms) we found very few wildflowers, beautiful, but few. it seems the daily reports we'd read were not all that accurate. (desert sunflower &amp; lupine) we weren't alone in that thinking either, there were droves of people that came for the predicted event. everyone asking "where are the flowers?" the epic wildflower bloom, ah well, mother nature surely decides these things, not us, doesn't she? (cholla (choy-ya) cactus) so we set about enjoying all the many other treasures the desert has to offer... in the desert the best way to see is to get quiet... get away from the crowds... get down on your knees for a closer look... find hearts and think of all your friends ? and take some hikes...we went from this to... this! we hiked six miles to an oasis, you would not guess by looking at these photos that this place is called hell hole canyon! can you see the small waterfall we cooled off in? (blooming agave) this photo shows the way we hiked to the palm covered oasis, it was over 80 degrees out! i seem to have picked up a few stragglers. when chuck pointed out a blooming barrel cactus i got so excited i hurried off the trail to see it. i forgot to look where i was stepping. :) we went on another hike to the breathtaking badlands... in one day we did three hikes, and covered sixteen miles. i think i counted just as many blisters! in anza - borrego desert it's okay to camp anywhere...we found a beautiful spot but it was so windy we couldn't put up our tent. instead we spread out our sleeping pads and bags in the truck bed and slept there! it was fun even if we didn't get much sleep. we listened to the wind and coyotes all night. and yes! there were stars, millions, i think we could see every single one. we decided to go exploring more of this thousand square mile wilderness, we were looking for a place where we read you could see native american rock art, and an ancient village... we drove and drove and and then hiked and hiked... there it is! incredible! i love this art form, pictographs, and especially love to imagine the native tribe that painted this. driving and hiking a little more we found the kumeyaay morteros... here it is! we are at a native american village site. the kumeyaay (ku-may-eye) people used this site on a seasonal basis. they gathered pinon nuts, mesquite beans and desert agave. nuts and seeds were pounded into meal in "morteros", the large depressions in the granite boulders. the informative sign said to sit quietly and imagine yourself working along side the kumeyaay women, pounding large rock pestles into the morteros, grinding seeds and talking over the news of the day. we did just that, grateful for the experience. (desert lily) on our third day in the desert i was feeling not quite as fresh as this flower . but roughing it is part of the fun. i do love to camp. while out on a drive we passed through the small town of borrego springs, chuck told me we needed gas. instead he drove up to one of the resorts and he told me we were getting a room for the night! he wanted to surprise me! for being a good sport he said. then we went out to a lovely dinner. sometimes camping is overrated. :) (sandverbena) we may not have gotten to see an epic flower show, this may not be the year for anza-borrego after all. but we did have a wonderful time, we gazed at stars, splashed in a desert waterfall, talked long talks while taking long walks. we saw a coyote (and heard them every night) a roadrunner, quail, cactus wrens and hummingbirds. we saw jackrabbits, honeybee's and blister beetles. and on our way out of the park, in the high desert i saw a nest with a large bird. i told chuck, i'd never seen a nest like this before. in a tree by the side of the road. so he turned around to get a better look.it was an eagle! we didn't want to stress the mama so we watched for just a moment and then left. i loved this trip. (buggy windscreen driveby photo of home) and apparently so did owen. back at home where he and hannah spent the last few days together, he went to a surf contest, met lots of new friends (dogs and people), dug lots of holes, went to a barbeque and went for a beach run. i don't think he missed us very much. but we sure missed him. tired sore happy lori ? figueroa mountain 2008 ~ it's the season for wildflowers here in california. this year is predicted to be epic, with all the elements necessary for a good year of blooms coming together just right. we've been checking all the hotlines and websites for updates to various places and we decided to head south to a desert on the Mexican border. here is some of what we'll (hopefully!) see... "The park features washes, wildflowers, palm groves, cacti and sweeping vistas. Visitors may also have the chance to see roadrunner, golden eagles, kit foxes, mule deer and bighorn sheep as well as iguanas, chuckwallas and the red diamond rattlesnake"... hopefully we'll get some beautiful images, i really wish i could capture the fragrance to share with you too. have a wonderful weekend everyone, see you next week (i'll be in a tent with no internet! but it does have a screen so we can look at the stars instead... :) ? lori (anacapa island, part of the channel islands, and a place that seems like heaven on earth to me) Only when you drink from the river of silence shall you indeed sing. And when you have reached the mountain top, then you shall begin to climb. And when the earth shall claim your limbs, then shall you truly dance. The Prophet Kahlil Gibran To everyone that knew and loved Renee, and to those that didn't, (i want to include everyone!), I'm sending out the biggest hug I can and all the love I have too. For that is the most important thing she showed me, the time for loving and telling those we do, is now. I love you. Dear Renee, you are free. You are loved! ? lori owen finally finished his puppy shots and we could start introducing him to the wonders of the world. chuck and i both knew the first place we'd take him would be the ocean. i think i was more excited than him, he was cautious. looking at it through little puppy eyes i saw big birds, big waves (well, when your only inches tall :) everythings potentially frightening. he ran and hid between my legs more than once. but i think he had fun. oh owen. i recently bought some wool made from local alpacas, you can read about it here if you like. i knit it into these two hats. the pattern can be found at the purl bee here . this wool was incredibly lovely to work with, it's beyond soft. there was a tiny bit left so i made this teddy bear for the mother bear project. if you'd like to know more about this non-profit group go here , these are simple to make, using only the knit stitch. he's so soft and warm! here is the beginning of my international garden! two lovely blogging friends, janet from south africa and natalie from australia, sent me seeds. they germinated and this week i see little sprouts coming up through the potting soil! see these australian daisies? so exciting. i have an image of an international garden, seeds representing friends from around the world! maybe we can figure out some kind of seed exchange? we could all have global gardens! i don't have a photo of the most important thing that happened this week, the last of my children got her drivers licence. there were a few reasons why she didn't get it until age 19. one of them is she likes riding her bike. even though a car is handy for some things, all of us (the kids, chuck and i) walk, ride bikes and take public transportation as well as drive. she also received an acceptance letter from the college she applied to. here we go again. :) it was a good week ? i hope you have a wonderful week ahead (we've got a small trip planned!), and i'm really sorry for being a bad blogging friend, i'll be by to visit you all soon! ? lori thank you for all the birthday wishes for my son, they were much appreciated! i had to take photos of the treasures i found last weekend and of course share them here. see the three little gnomes? they are like little rattles, someone long ago filled them with rocks or seeds to weigh them down. i think they'll add so much charm to my garden! this is a one of a kind plate by susan branch! it is a series of three. i love the soft colors and the little mouse. can you see what she's written? it says: now i see why people like to paint these adorable creatures...i had to stop myself from putting little clothes on them ? and these books by sharon lovejoy. i can't say enough about them, if you love nature, gardening and children, you will love these! there is so much to choose from, projects and ideas, i don't know where to begin. thank you sharon for the inspiration, you truly do spread love and joy! my finds: the books, the plate, a stack of old martha stewart gardening magazines, the gnomes, an old tablecloth and an old victorian finial with old peeling paint, and the color, pink! and more pink ... my shawlette, all blocked and done. i'm not sure this is the best way to photograph it. stretching it out on nails is probably not a good idea, but lacking a model, it'll have to do. i like to wear it as a scarf, wrapped around my neck, the wool is so soft and smells so good, it's my favorite. thank you sally anne, again, i loved this yarn. i even have enough i think to make a tiny pair of baby booties! here is another scarf i made this week. it's a scrumptiously soft one piece scarf that you can wear long like this or... like this, wrapped twice around your neck for a cowl. the colors don't really show, it's more of a pinky mauve. i used plymouth yarns baby alpaca grande yarn. it took two skeins on a size ten needle. the pattern was based on a mobius cowl scarf but i couldn't get the hang of the cast on for that so it's simply a continuous scarf instead. i cast on 150 stitch's, placed a marker, then purled for 4 rounds knit for 4, continuing like that until it was about 8 inches wide. that's it! so cozy and warm. photos are taken with the softest early morning light, but it was brief since another storm is on the way, let's go outside next, owen is waiting! bulbs are coming up! these were here when we moved in, what a fantastic discovery every year, these gorgeous yellow blooms! owen likes them too. here he looks all mild mannered, smelling the blossoms. right after this photo he shook them all apart. oh owen. fallen camellias make a pretty still life arranged on a mossy stepping stone... with a little help from me! and our oranges are almost ready. i wish you could smell this tree. the last thing i want to remember of this week, is the thing i'd also like to forget! i went to see my dentist last monday. it involved all the shots, drills and other torture devices they treat you with. i am still numb from one of the shots, apparently there was a little muscle or nerve damage, i hope it goes away soon! my dentist mentioned that it might help me to relax if i closed my eyes and imagined a place i love. somewhere i'd like to be. i did and here is what came into my thoughts...the seventeen giraffe i saw gracefully striding across a grassy plain in zimbabwe. i love giraffes and i love africa. this image played through my head making the time i spent in that chair not so bad after all. where would your favorite place be? have a lovely weekend everyone ! ? lori twenty four years ago a child was born, baby number three he'd be for me. best brother, uncle, friend and son, he makes my life, this one. happy happy birthday erik love forever, mom ? p.s. so hard to choose photos to make this collage, i love all the millions of photos i have of my keikis. umm. make that zillions. this post is dedicated to our friend renee, who loved to travel (vicariously) with me on my adventures. i loved her company and she'll be dearly missed. she'll be leaving this world soon as this life as she knows it is coming to an end. bless her beautiful heart. safe journey my angel kindred friend. i invited my eldest daughter to come with me on saturday, up to the small town of arroyo grande. there was someone i was hoping to meet at a special antique sale &amp; book signing. here we are, at branchs farm, i am sure the weather couldn't have been more beautiful, the sun was shining, the birds were singing, people were smiling... we looked around, me enjoying more the scenery than anything else. after our recent rains the hills and fields were green and lush, spring feels like it's arrived... this pile of books represents heaven to me. this is why i came almost two hours (although i would have come four, to meet this kindred spirit, author and illustrator... Sharon Lovejoy! what a thrill for me to meet her and her husband, that's Jeff standing behind her. I've been collecting and reading Sharon's books for 19 years now. that's when her first book, Sunflower Houses:Inspiration from the Garden first came out. She's recently released her seventh book, Toad Cottages &amp; Shooting Stars. another gem i treasure. there is no one that's inspired me more in gardening and watercolors, except my own granma rose. and i am so happy to say that she was even more charming in person and i didn't think that was possible if you know her books. this was one of those days that i'll never ever forget. thank you sharon, i can't wait to meet again someday! until then i know we'll stay in touch via blogging, if you'd like to visit her go here . (see my new scarf?, finished, well, it still needs blocking!) susan branch was there too, and many of her books and patterns, stencils and calendars. i met her also and although she was lovely as well, it was brief, there was a long line! we'll leave the farm now and go explore the town of arroyo grande... we stopped for fields of blooms... and antique stores... we walked (tentatively) over a swinging bridge, with a running creek below... we went to farmer's market. at one booth my daughter kimberly and i stopped to admire tiny watercolor paintings, all of different scenes of the central coast. a couple was there also asking the artist about the various locations. he said your not from around here are you? they answered no, we're from winnepeg. winnepeg is renee's home. my daughter and i had just had lunch and i told her about the latest news with renee and her own daughter angelique. we both had tears as i shared what i knew. when not an hour later we heard this couple say winnepeg, kimberly and i both stopped. and hugged. and i am sure i saw all the trees and flowers sway suddenly in the wind as if they knew and she knew she were here with us. and i had tears again. after we crossed the bridge we found yet another antique store, i could keep this up all day, but i wanted kimberly to enjoy it too, she said she was, so on we went... "be careful with the words you use, they create the world around you" a native american saying i love. isn't this a sweet and simple sign?.... more beauty everywhere, in thoughtful displays... and soft fabrics nestled in baskets... new blossoms appearing on a painted sky... and funny chickens and roosters that mind your business on the streets of this town... thank you for coming with kimberly and i, now it's time we started making our way home, safe journeys to all of us... ? happy sad lori (i can't seem to leave off the back to the beloved ocean going home photo, however blurred and an antenna filled it is.) last night was girl's night out! friends of mine that own a gorgeous shop, had an after hours, ladies only night. the invitation said : it is a gathering of amazing women, friends &amp; clients, and a hand-picked group of talented service professionals who will be offering up a taste of their services to each of our guests (you!). Each guest will have the opportunity to spend 15 minutes at 2 or more service ¡°stations¡±, which include a fabulous facialist, two masseuses (one Thai and one Swedish), a tarot card reader, an astrologer and more. Iris de Santo, one of our favorite jewelers, will be showing her gorgeous and well-priced jewelry as well. So, please join us for a special evening - kind of a mini-spa night with a splash of mystery &amp; fun, lots of laughs &amp; good food too! i chose the thai massage and the tarot card reading. what wasn't mentioned was all the flowing prosecco champagne, hence, all the slightly (slight understatement too) blurred photos! heehee, if i had remembered to take photos at the start you would have seen all kinds of happy laughing faces, massage tables and service stations, lovely fruit and cheese plates, cupcakes! but i was having too much fun to think of my camera. thank you christie and diana! what fun! i hope a girl's night, in what ever form, comes soon for you too, ? lori Among Arab leaders there is growing frustration that they are the forgotten people, accused of being Janjaweed when many families played no part in the conflict, or lost everything when they could ignore it no longer. They accuse aid workers, celebrities and campaigners with the Save Darfur Campaign of concentrating efforts on the African tribes, neglecting the suffering of Arab communities. Adam Mohammed Hamid, of the Nomad Development Council of Sudan in Khartoum, said: ¡°People think they know who the Arabs are, but they don¡¯t. They come to Sudan and speak to the African tribes, but no one speaks to the Arabs. Many are not fighting. Some are in the rebels. It is not what people think.¡± Without the Janjaweed on board there will be no lasting solution, writes ROB CRILLY, in Otash Camp, South Darfur Vilified Arabs of Darfur must be included in peace process From The Irish Times Tuesday, March 16, 2010 By Rob Crilly THERE IS a well-trodden VIP path around Darfur¡¯s aid camps. Celebrities, politicians and United Nations officials fly in from Khartoum, take the tour and are back on their jets before teatime. The whistlestop visits don¡¯t go anywhere near the ramshackle corner of Otash Camp that Sheikh Hassan Mohammed Mahmoud calls home. If they did, then Sudan¡¯s rumbling, complex conflict might be a little nearer resolution. Sheikh Hassan¡¯s story would turn their conception of Darfur¡¯s miserable conflict upside down. He is from one of the Arab tribes that make up the backbone of the dreaded Janjaweed: a people routinely vilified as genocidal monsters. But ask him who was responsible for destroying his village, shooting his sons and forcing his people in to the camp, and he gives a one-word answer: ¡°Harakat¡±, Arabic for ¡°movement¡± or ¡°rebels¡±. They came as his village, Marla, was waking up. Children were fetching water and the women were tending their cooking fires as the sound of shouting and shooting came closer. Sheikh Hassan gathered up as many of his 20 children as he could find, and ran for the woods. He didn¡¯t get far before a searing pain ripped through his leg. He had been shot. The rest of the journey to safety was made on a cart as he slipped in and out of consciousness. The group stayed in the woods for days as the 60-year-old man gradually regained his strength. When they returned to the village, Sheikh Hassan found the corpses of two of his sons. A third would die in hospital. Some 25 cows, 35 goats and a horse ? Sheikh Hassan¡¯s entire wealth ? had been stolen. ¡°We found the village was burned,¡± he said in Arabic. ¡°There was nothing left. War had come, so we came here.¡± He and his people are the forgotten victims of the Darfur conflict. When rebels took up arms against the government in 2003, Khartoum responded by mobilising the Janjaweed ? fearsome Arab militias with a traditional role as defenders of their tribes. They were sent on a scorched earth campaign, tasked with attacking civilians in an attempt to starve the rebels of support. Today, the conflict is often understood as one of Arabs against so-called African tribes. Sheikh Hassan¡¯s Beni Halba people were among the Janjaweed. But he, his family and his village did their best to ignore the war until it eventually swept through their little village that morning. Today, they are eking out a miserable life in one of the sprawling aid camps, just like the tribes from the other side ? the Fur, Zaghawa and Masalit ? who support the rebels. Among Arab leaders there is growing frustration that they are the forgotten people, accused of being Janjaweed when many families played no part in the conflict, or lost everything when they could ignore it no longer. They accuse aid workers, celebrities and campaigners with the Save Darfur Campaign of concentrating efforts on the African tribes, neglecting the suffering of Arab communities. Adam Mohammed Hamid, of the Nomad Development Council of Sudan in Khartoum, said: ¡°People think they know who the Arabs are, but they don¡¯t. They come to Sudan and speak to the African tribes, but no one speaks to the Arabs. Many are not fighting. Some are in the rebels. It is not what people think.¡± Researchers from Tufts University support his view. In a paper published last year, they warned that a highly politicised public campaign for Darfur had made it difficult to see the nomadic, Arab tribes as anything other than the perpetrators of the violence. Instead, the team argued that the nomads had lost their livelihoods as a result of the war and in some cases had turned to violence as a ¡°maladaptation¡± to seeing their traditional role disappear. Those factors are often overlooked by media portrayals that depict Arabs as driven by race hate. ¡°The nomads are voiceless. Their illiteracy and lack of contact with the international community has completely disempowered them in terms of raising awareness about their situation,¡± said the team led by Helen Young. The issue is relevant once again as peace talks continue in the Qatari capital of Doha. Leaders from the Justice and Equality Movement and government officials gave themselves until yesterday, March 15th, to sign a deal that would bring rebel leaders to Khartoum. But once again ? like the failed 2006 talks in Abuja ? the Darfuri Arab tribes would not be represented. Julie Flint, co-author of Darfur: A New History of a Long War, said they have to be part of the peace process. ¡°Darfur¡¯s Arabs are part of the problem, as the whole history of the war has shown, but they are also part of the solution, as is apparent in the many areas where they have made local reconciliation agreements and are living in peace with their neighbours again,¡± she said. ¡°What is succeeding at the local level must be replicated at the regional level. Darfur¡¯s Arabs can be a force for peace, just as they have been a force for war. Without them there will be no lasting solution.¡± Any peace deal signed in Doha will be good news for Darfur. But it is only the first step to solving the region¡¯s problems for good. Real solutions will have to involve forgotten people like Sheikh Hassan. Rob Crilly¡¯s book, Saving Darfur: Everyone¡¯s Favourite African War, is published by Reportage Press Follow Rob Crilly on twitter: http://twitter.com/robcrilly/statuses/10563757831 Thank you for reading Sudan Watch. Photo: Abdulwahid al-Nur (Photo credit: ST ) Abdulwahid al-Nur Explains Why He Won't Join Darfur Peace Talks Report from SRS (Sudan Radio Service), Tuesday, 16 March 2010: 16 March 2010 - (Nairobi/Paris) - The leader of the Darfur anti-government group, the Sudan Liberation Movement-Abdulwahid al-Nur faction, says he is reluctant to join the Darfur peace talks because the Government of National Unity does not understand the true meaning of peace. In an interview with SRS from Paris on Monday, Abdulwahid al-Nur said peace is not about the distribution of political influence. [Abdulwahid al-Nur]: ¡°I would like to confirm that we completely differ with the Khartoum government on the peace process in Darfur. The Sudanese government believes that peace means giving positions to the anti-government group¡¯s leaders, or it believes that peace means correcting the consequences of the wrong actions they were responsible for in Sudan. But for us peace means ensuring security on the ground first, then secondly tackling the root causes of the conflict. We have a road map to achieve peace in Darfur. Peace starts by conflict suspension or security. The government should first stop the genocide against our people, disarm their militia the Janjaweed and stop the rape of our women and chase out the new settlers from Mali and Niger. The meaning of peace to us is when people feel that they are secure. But to GONU, peace is giving power to people in Khartoum and in the region and that is all.¡± Over the weekend, the US Special Envoy to Sudan, Scott Gration, told the press in Doha that al-Nur has wasted a "historic" opportunity to join the peace talks. In response, al-Nur described Gration as a colonizer who ignores the conflict in Darfur. [Abdulwahid al-Nur]: ¡°To me, Gration reminds me of that terrible era when people used to think that Africans didn¡¯t know how to think and they colonized them. Particularly the European colonization and the colonization of the white man. That is why he comes to terrorize people, divide them and gives them the feeling that he is a god and he can destroy them if they don¡¯t abide by his commands. Neither Gration nor anyone else in the world can make us miss the opportunity, because we own the rights, the issues, the land and a country. This is our country and it is our right to straighten it out. We didn¡¯t tell Gration to come and solve our problems for us, we will solve it by ourselves.¡± Al-Nur accused the GONU of signing agreements without implementing them. [Abdulwahid al-Nur]: ¡°Have we ever refused to sign a peace agreement with the government? Earlier we went to sign a peace agreement in Abuja, we and Minni and JEM. After that, how many movements were created by the government? Even if all the movements, including ours, sign a peace agreement, and still there is no security in Darfur, there will be a new rebellion - do you think that we are the only men in the region? So peace is not a matter of signing papers. The NCP is very ready to sign any number of papers but if you go back and look at all peace agreements that the NCP has signed, how many have been implemented?¡± Abdulwahid al-Nur, the leader of the Darfur anti-government group, the SLM -Abdulwahid al-Nur faction, was speaking to SRS from Paris on Monday. Other News From SRS (Sudan Radio Service) 16-Mar-2010 Khartoum Press Council Investigates Two Journalists over Al-Bashir Article Disruption in Unity State as Kiir Campaigns in Bentiu SAF Denies Presence of Kony in Darfur or Khartoum Neighborhood Committee Registers Residents to Curb Crime Sudan Sports Latest Click on SLM-Nur tag (here below) to view related reports and updates re the Sudan Liberation Movement-Abdulwahid al-Nur faction and its leader Abdulwahid al-Nur who is in self imposed exile in Paris, France. Thank you for reading Sudan Watch. Click here and see here below The New York Times (NYT) Blogrunner comprising editor's pick of Sudan specific commentary and blogs. Thanks to NYT editors for regularly featuring this site, Sudan Watch, over past year or more. Also, further here below is a list of Sudan specific sites featured in the sidebar of The Voice of America News (VOA) online. Headlines Around the Web What's This? THE HUFFINGTON POST MARCH 11, 2010 Sudan Is Still Up to No Good SUDAN WATCH MARCH 11, 2010 Security situation in Darfur 11 March 2010 - UNAMID brings together leaders in South Darfur on Doha Declaration SPERO NEWS - RELIGIOUS NEWS MARCH 11, 2010 Ban calls for renewed commitment to peace pact from Sudan ahead critical year THE WASHINGTON POST MARCH 10, 2010 U.S. envoy pushes for Darfur peace deal before Sudanese elections EFF ACTION ALERTS MARCH 10, 2010 Better U.S. Net Rules for Iran, Cuba and Syria More at Blogrunner ? - - - VOA Special Report, Sudan News and Blogroll Sudanese will vote April 11-13 in the country's first free elections since 1986. The vote is an outcome of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, signed in 2005 to end the bloody civil war between north and south. In this [click here ] special report, VOA looks at some of the major issues at stake and the challenges faced in staging fair elections. Source: VOA (The Voice of America), which first went on the air in 1942, is an international multimedia broadcasting service funded by the U.S. government through the Broadcasting Board of Governors. VOA broadcasts approximately 1,500 hours of news, information, educational, and cultural programming every week to an estimated worldwide audience of 125 million people. - - - VOA Election Resources, Sudan News and Blogroll Here is a list of Sudan specific sites featured in sidebar at VOA website. Thanks to VOA for including this site, Sudan Watch. Election Resources Sudan Open Archive Sudan Information Gateway (UN) South Sudan Info Reference Library Sudan Electionnaire Sudan Vote Monitor Sudan News and Blogroll Sudan Tribune New Sudan Vision Miraya FM Sudan Radio Service Gurtong Sudan Watch Sudan Radio Project Radio Dabanga Meskel Square Salam Taki Roving Bandit John Akec South Sudan South Sudan Info South Sudan Business Blog Making Sense of Sudan South of West Sudanese Future Thank you for reading Sudan Watch. Extract from a recent email (copy here below) by Save Darfur Coalition: In each camp, we asked IDPs what message we could bring back to activists in America. Consistently, we were thanked for the work of our movement to bring media attention and put pressure on world leaders to act to resolve the crisis and asked to keep fighting for justice. On more than one occasion, we were asked to "please press the movements for peace" ¡ª a direct call for rebel leaders to stop fighting and negotiate for peace. One camp leader summed up the message clearly: "keep on working to raise your voice for all IDPs." I, for one, am motivated now more than ever to keep raising my voice on behalf of the millions in Darfur who want justice, peace, and security. Copy of email from Save Darfur Coalition Date: 02 March 2010 Subject: "I lost my family, I lost my country, I may lose my life." Dear friend, Just hours have slipped past since I returned home from Sudan ¡ª and the thoughts, fears, frustrations, and hopes of Darfuris and other Sudanese swirl together in my mind. Traveling to Khartoum, Darfur, and Juba allowed me and my colleagues Jerry Fowler and Sean Brooks to see Sudan for ourselves, to observe what it is like in internally displaced persons (IDPs) camps, and collect the stories of real people and what they are experiencing day to day to improve our advocacy on behalf of the people of Sudan. Common themes of security, aid, and political freedom emerged from our travels in Darfur. We visited 6 different IDP camps, meeting with camp leaders and IDPs. First and foremost, IDPs named security as their number one concern. Many complained of being subject to violence when leaving camps ¡ª not just women risking rape but both men and women being attacked when they go to the market or work in the cities. We often heard descriptions of the most recent attacks and that this violence was on the rise, not decline. Despite Sudanese government claims that IDPs were returning to their villages in large numbers, we found little evidence of this. While there may be some returns and some seasonal migration to farm, IDPs said the main reason they cannot return home is because of a lack of security, and in some cases because other people were occupying the land they once lived on. One leader said, "When we can travel for two days without being attacked, we will go with no one telling us." The source of the ongoing threat of violence is unclear. IDPs typically complained about Janjaweed while the government blamed rebel factions and general banditry. We experienced a heavy armed presence in Darfur ¡ª from checkpoints and guards at buildings to "technicals," which are pickup trucks with a heavy machine gun and a few uniformed men on back, deployed regularly in strategic locations along main routes. As we approached one IDP camp, we saw a technical speed off through the middle of the camp at a high rate of speed. Despite this heavy presence, reports of violent attacks were prolific, including carjackings of multiple UN staff we met with. In order not to endanger ongoing operations in light of the March 4th, 2009 expulsions we did not meet with any humanitarian organizations in Darfur. It is unfortunate we could not benefit from their collective experience, but in our role as advocates we were able to personally witness a number of continuing humanitarian challenges which need to be addressed. While distribution of food aid has been picked up by the World Food Programme and some new partners, provision of adequate water supplies appeared to be more problematic, exacerbated by poor rains last year. At one camp, water was shut down at noon, and hand pumps were broken. In multiple camps we visited, people lined up for water, with rows and rows of empty jugs waiting to be filled. We saw unsanitary conditions around some pumps where spilled water runs off and mixes with animal waste ¡ª and children run around in bare feet. Health services also seem to have suffered following the expulsions last year. Medical staff said they typically treat cases of chest and eye infections, malaria and diarrhea. A shortage of medicine, including cough syrup and antibiotics, and lack of access to laboratories were cited as problems. Also, many of the programs previously in place to prevent gender-based violence and treat rape survivors have not been replaced. We asked IDPs what they thought about the upcoming elections. The overwhelming majority of IDPs said they did not register and therefore will be disenfranchised in the election. Some said they didn't bother because "we don't have real representatives to vote for," while others feel that free political conditions do not exist. The ongoing state of emergency and level of violence leave doubts about a safe environment for candidates and voters in Darfur. When asked whether he feared for his life, one tribal leader told us, "I lost my family, I lost my country, I may lose my life." But he was resolved to carry on advocating for a just and lasting peace. One bright spot is the desire for peace. A real movement for peace exists across the camps we visited. IDPs we talked to generally want to participate in the peace process but feel they are not being included. One camp leader told us, "IDPs have ideas to give." In each camp, we asked IDPs what message we could bring back to activists in America. Consistently, we were thanked for the work of our movement to bring media attention and put pressure on world leaders to act to resolve the crisis and asked to keep fighting for justice. On more than one occasion, we were asked to "please press the movements for peace" ¡ª a direct call for rebel leaders to stop fighting and negotiate for peace. One camp leader summed up the message clearly: "keep on working to raise your voice for all IDPs." I, for one, am motivated now more than ever to keep raising my voice on behalf of the millions in Darfur who want justice, peace, and security. Jerry Fowler and I will be hosting a special live webcast on Thursday at 2:00 PM to share more about our trip to Darfur and Sudan. Please take a second to register for the webcast or submit a question you would like us to answer on Thursday. I hope you will continue to stand with me in support of the people of Sudan. Sincerely, Mark Lotwis Save Darfur Coalition Related reports March 16, 2010 commentary by Julie Flint, The Daily Star Back to bloody square-one in Darfur - excerpt: In 2002, when Darfur was as familiar to most people as Outer Mongolia, Sudanese regular forces and aircraft as well as pro-government militias attacked Jebel Marra, the mountainous center of Darfur where rebels were organizing an insurgency. I learned about it when Abdul Wahid Mohammad al-Nur, the chairman of the rebel Sudan Liberation Army (SLA), called me by satellite telephone to invite me to witness ¡°the genocide being committed against my people.¡± ... The Abdul Wahid-led SLA, which refuses to join the peace talks in Doha, replayed the start of the insurgency in January by attacking the town of Golo, the insurgents¡¯ first target seven years ago. ... The people of Jebel Marra are between a rock and a hard place ? the rock of Abdul Wahid¡¯s insistence that security be restored before he negotiates; and the hard place of Khartoum¡¯s response. Khartoum made clear that it intended to resolve the Darfur situation by the elections in April. From the comfort of Paris, Abdul Wahid ignored those signals. ... March 15, 2010 commentary by C.R., Save Darfur Coalition's Blog for Darfur : Untouchable Crisis? A Call to Action - excerpt: As Save Darfur ? a unique community of activists and rights organizations ? we have been called to action. The international community and the Save Darfur movement worked hard to see the deployment of UNAMID. Now ? amid the worst fighting in the 27 months since its deployment and as crucial national elections approach ? this voice is as essential as it ever was. Likewise, activists and NGOs from around the world fought tirelessly to ensure UNAMID was provided with essential equipment like tactical helicopters capable of rapid intervention. Now that these gunships have arrived, it is our responsibility to ensure they are used to enhance UNAMID¡¯s peacekeeping presence and enforce its mandate to protect civilians. The global community needs to express its concern, mobilize support for Darfuri civilians caught in these clashes, and remind international policymakers why they should care about what¡¯s going on in Jebel Marra. It is our mandate both to act and to demand action ? and the time to do so is now. March 16, 2010 news round-up at Sudan Watch: SLM'S Abdel Wahid Al Nur in France ordered attack on Sudanese army in the government-held Golo district in the Jebel Marra mountains - 5 news reports chronicled on 15 January 2010. March 14, 2010 Sudan Watch: SLM chief Abdel-Wahid Mohamed Nur enjoys life in Paris while Darfuris are cared for by the world's taxpayers - SLM chief Abdel-Wahid Mohamed Nur can't get out of a hole he's dug himself into. Surely, the longer he enjoys life in the hotels of Paris, the longer he wants IDPs to stay in camps paid for by the world's taxpayers. March 13, 2010 news round-up at Sudan Watch: SLM-Nur in Jebel Marra, Darfur rented around 500 horses from the Arab tribes and entered some SLM areas? - This is Part 1 of a series. More to come, later. February 19, 2010 Sudan Watch: On Mon Feb 15: Jebel Marra, W. Darfur, W. Sudan: SLM-AWNur clashes with gov't forces in Kidinir and Laba or internal wrangling? - On Monday, 15 February 2010, the advisor to the secretary of information in the SLM faction, Musa Ahmed Mohammed, told Sudan Radio Service (SRS) that there have been clashes between the movement and government forces in Kidinir and Laba. However, another SLM field commander in the Western Jebel Marra section of the Abdelwahid-controlled area, Mohammed Sharaf, denied that clashes with the government occurred, saying that there was internal wrangling within the movement. April 12, 2009 report from Jebel Marra, Sudan by Edmund Sanders, LA Times "The rebels on the mountain"- SLA's Jebel Marra, the Switzerland of Suda n - In a guerrilla-held area lush with pastures, streams and groves, villagers go about self-sufficient lives very different from those of the displaced people huddled in dry, dusty camps below. Postscript from Sudan Watch Ed: Here's hoping that Julie Flint, Save Darfur Coalition et al can press rebel leaders to stop fighting and negotiate for peace. Thank you for reading Sudan Watch. For the record, and for future reference, here is a copy of five news reports that I chronicled on 15 January 2010 for documenting here at Sudan Watch. Darfur rebels say attack govt town after bombings From Reuters by Opheera McDoom, Wed, 13 January 2010 12:04pm GMT: (KHARTOUM) - Darfur rebels said they attacked a government-held town in the Jabel Marra area of western Sudan on Wednesday in retaliation for army bombardment of their areas, a move likely to hinder peace talks set to open this month. Tensions were already high in oil-producing Sudan which is gearing up for presidential, parliamentary and state governor elections in April. The Sudan Liberation Army (SLA) loyal to founder Abdel Wahed Mohamed el-Nur said they attacked Golo in Jabel Marra in retaliation for government bombings of rebel-controlled areas there and in the Jabel Moun area on the border with Chad. "The government started this with bombing in Jabel Moun and in Jabel Marra," said SLA commander Ibrahim el-Helwu. "We attacked Golo this morning -- we have casualties and the government has many casualties," he added. The joint U.N.-African union peacekeeping mission in Darfur (UNAMID) does not have troops in the area but said aid workers caught in the crossfire had sought refuge in their compound. "For the time being they (aid workers) are safe," said Balla Keita, UNAMID commander for West Darfur. A government intelligence source said fighting was still going on, but Sudan's army was not immediately available to comment. Darfur peace talks, which have faltered for the past three years, are due to reopen this month in Qatar, but the fighting is likely to fuel mistrust between the rebels and Khartoum. In 2003 mostly non-Arab rebels took up arms against the government, accusing it of neglecting the region. Khartoum mobilised mainly Arab militias to crush the uprising. The United Nations estimates 300,000 people have died as a result of the conflict and that 2 million have been driven from their homes according to the United Nations. Sudan puts the death toll at 10,000. Last year the International Criminal Court (ICC) issued an arrest warrant for President Omar Hasan al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur. Keita said the government had bombed Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) positions in the Jabel Moun area. "They have confirmed that they bombed JEM positions because they say JEM is running operations in Jabel Moun," he said. A JEM commander in the Jabel Moun area said the attacks had been going on for several days. "For the past week there has been heavy bombing of our people," al-Tijani Kharshome told Reuters by telephone. "There are hundreds of families who have fled their homes and are hungry and thirsty," said Kharshome, who is from a large Arab tribe in Darfur. - - - Sudan's Army, Rebels Clash in Darfur From Voice of America News, Wed, 13 January 2010: Rebels in Sudan's Darfur region say they clashed with government forces Wednesday, days before a scheduled new round of peace talks. The Sudan Liberation Army faction of Abdel Wahid Nur said its troops attacked the government-held Golo district in the Jebel Marra mountains. A spokesman said there were casualties on both sides. He did not give specific figures. The joint U.N.-African Union peacekeeping mission confirmed there was fighting in the area. The rebels say earlier this week, Sudanese warplanes bombarded rebel-controlled areas in Jebel Marra and in Jebel Moun, near the border with Chad. Peace talks between Khartoum and Darfur rebel groups are due to resume later this month in Qatar. The United Nations says the fighting in Darfur has killed up to 300,000 people and displaced 2.7 million since 2003. The government says 10,000 people have died in the conflict. Some information for this report was provided by AP, AFP and Reuters. - - - Darfur rebels attack Sudanese army in Jebel Marra From Sudan Tribune, Thur, 14 January 2010: January 13, 2009 (KHARTOUM) ¡ª A Darfur rebel group today attacked a Sudanese army-held town in Jebel Marra in North Darfur after repeated government bombing of their position, a rebel spokesman said. [Photo] Sudan Liberation Army rebels speed through the desert east of El Fasher, the capital of North Darfur state November 8, 2004. (file/Reuters) Ibrahim El Hilu, a spokesperson from the Sudan Liberation Movement (SLM) led by Abdel Wahid Al Nur told Sudan Tribune they attacked on Wednesday morning the position of the Sudanese army in Gulu, the capital of the mountainous area. The rebel official said these attacks come after daily bombardment by the Sudanese army in the region adding they decided to protect the civilians by their proper means as the international community failed to press Khartoum to stop "indiscriminate violence". El-Hilu said they arrested more than forty government troops, among them a colonel and a lieutenant whose names and military details he provided to Sudan Tribune. He also said they captured 17 military vehicles with weapons and ammunitions. Since this summer, rebels loyal to the SLM founder reported regular bombing against their positions in different areas of the Jebel. The army and pro-government militia attacked also their position in Korma and Ain Siro. Abdel Wahid Al-Nur confirmed the attack saying the SLM leadership decided to carry out this attack to protect the civilians in the mountainous areas reminding that his troops observe the 2004 ceasefire agreement but have the right to defend the area. He stressed that the decision had been taken in consultation with the SLA Commander in Chief Abdel Gadir Gadora and Mohamed Abdel Salam Tarada. Al-Nur stressed that they are peace seekers but asked Khartoum to stop violence on Darfur civilians. "We are peace seekers and if the government stops the violence against Darfur civilians and provides the necessary environment for their security, we can take part in the peace process without precondition." The rebel leader further urged the Red Cross to contact them to visit the prisoners of the Sudanese army and inspect their conditions. UNAMID official spokesperson Noureddine Mezni confirmed to Sudan Tribune the attack, adding they had no presence in the area but received reports about the assault from the NGOs working there. Mezni said they have no access to areas controlled by the SLA-AW. "Unfortunately we cannot provide humanitarian aid or deal with the injuries among the civilian population there." He urged the rebel group to reconsider its position and allow the peacekeeping mission to visit their areas in order to accomplish its duties as provided in the UN mandate. Meanwhile, the Darfur peace mediator is preparing to hold direct talks between the government and the rebel groups to end the seven year conflict on January 24 in Doha. The main rebel groups blame Khartoum for its lack of credibility and yet say they are ready to negotiate under some conditions. In a new development, last week the joint mediator said he is expecting Al-Nur to join the peace process. Also the Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) said today government warplanes bombed the area of Jebel Moon in West Darfur State where the rebel group holds some positions. JEM Spokesman Ahmed Hussein Adam said that hundreds of civilians moved to eastern Chad to flee the daily bombardment. UN experts have estimated that the fighting in Darfur resulted in the deaths of up to 300,000 people and displaced 2.7 million since 2003. However the Sudanese government says only 10,000 people have died in the conflict. (ST) - - - Chad bombs rebels near Sudan border: UFR From AFP Saturday, 16 January 2010: KHARTOUM ¡ª Chadian air force jets bombarded rebel positions in a region bordering Sudan and the Central African Republic, a rebel source said on Saturday. The warplanes carried out the air strikes on Friday near the village of Tissi, said the senior official with the Union of Forces for Resistance (UFR) rebel group who requested anonymity. The rebels responded by shooting at and hitting one of the aircraft, the official said, adding that: "We expect an intensification of the Chadian army's operations." Most of the UFR rebels are based in Sudan's Darfur region, with a force also in Chad. Chad and Sudan agreed on Friday for the first time to set up a joint force on their troubled border which will be deployed on February 20. Chad has accused Sudan of supporting rebels seeking to oust the government, while Khartoum has charged Ndjamena with backing ethnic minority rebels in the conflict-torn western Sudanese region of Darfur. Improved ties between the two countries could help bring peace to Darfur, where about 300,000 people have died since ethnic rebels revolted in 2003. - - - Darfur rebels say Sudan army attacks market area From Reuters, Saturday, 16 January 2010 12:32pm EST (KHARTOUM) - Darfur rebels said Sudan's army had attacked their troops in a populated area of the western state of North Darfur on Saturday, escalating fighting ahead of peace talks due to open this month. Tensions were already high in oil-producing Sudan which is gearing up for presidential, parliamentary and state governor elections in April. Saturday's attack follows an assault by the rebel Sudan Liberation Army (SLA) on the government garrison town Golo in Jabel Marra last Wednesday after days of government bombardment of rebel positions in Sudan's remote west. "The government attacked our areas in the market area of Furug," SLA commander Ibrahim el-Helwu told Reuters. "This is a heavily populated area," he added. The army spokesman's office was not immediately available to comment and the U.N.-African Union peacekeepers (UNAMID) said they weTo my new blog address: Who Said Mermaids Can't Tango? The time has come for me return! Seaweed and Gardenias has officially turned off its lights. I've been at The Ranch with my bros (all three of 'em) and my Ciera Beara and My Lovely Mother since Friday evening, which is why I was able to post yesterday, and again now. I read all the comments and I feel humble and also ashamed. I pretty much lied a lot (to myself, to you) in my farewell post. The truth is that I feel embarrassed to say that hell no, I wouldn't stop blogging totally if I had the money to run right out and replace my laptop. This (bloglandia) is where my only friendships exist outside of my mom, my family. It's taken me all my lifetime to feel a part of something I always wanted: A GROUP OF DIVERSE, CREATIVE, INSPIRING WOMEN ... and not only that, but a group of women who enjoy ME as much as I enjoy them. Then my laptop takes a shite and I get drop-kicked out of my soul community. I can barely stand it. It's like all the times my Dad moved us, just when I'd finally settled into some friendships and a sense of belonging. I'm heartbroken. I'm in dire financial straits. I'm completely shamed by that and didn't want to say it out loud because I'm not looking for sympathy or rescue but had hoped to be in different circumstances by this time in my life. And I just emailed Holly that the biggest blow of all, out of this, is that I've been quietly maneuvering myself toward actualizing my own dream, at the encouragement of so so many of you, to 'write a novel'. Only it was going to be a new blog called The Weight of Me, to be a home to my creative writing: poetry, prose, thoughtflows, journal entries, in my very own unique TRUE style ... so I can't honestly accept the 'hero' kudos because they aren't deserved, although I intended to back off Seaweed and Gardenias and edge over to The Weight of Me much much more ... but I do accept the love and wanted to return it by telling the true story -- how I feel about this, how much it feels like an amputation, how damn angry I am, how afraid I am of becoming, for the umpteenth time in my life, The Outsider. Again. Of being forgotten because I've had to forcibly move on. Thank you to all of you for what you've said, in comments and privately. I will definitely be in touch via email. I awoke to rain rain rain ... sweet good morning. This inspired me to take my Daddy-O Cam to work with me and take puddle pictures. At home, after work, my youngest male child enlisted MOM to help him make tacos -- meaning he wanted to go buy the fixins and have ME do it, but I wasn't in enabler mode ... I stood close and gave instructions in my best Julia Child voice, and also took photos of him chopping onion, greasing the shell pan, stirring in the taco sauce ... after, he and I sat to do some on-line work related to his financial aid (first class is the 19th) ... and then we received .... WAIT FOR IT ... THE FATAL BLUE SCREEN ERROR!!! and the laptop happily shut itself down, with an 'in your face' whistle. My male child and I looked at each other, eyebrows knit together, both of us clearly thinking our individual versions of WTF? So I booted it back up AND had a message waiting for me: SYSTEM HAS EXPERIENCED A FATAL DISC ERROR. And the damn thing blue-screened and shut down again. I have not paid the IT guy fully, yet, for the last go-round to repair the sucker. Best Buy can replace the hard drive but you know? I've already paid MORE to try to fix the thang than I originally paid to purchase it. Given our current home repair and Two Sons In College situation, and the fact that I got no raise for going into my 3rd year ... I'm not feeling a laptop replacement as a priority. At all. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ What that means, though, is that my blog anniversary was also my blog farewell. I have, in the past, managed the occasional covert blog post from work, but relying on posting from the office is a truly BAD idea, completely unrealistic. Anyway, I can't download the driver for my Daddy-O Cam or any other software without alerting my boss, who is adamantly opposed to anything extraneous (or personal) by way of programs on the company server. Truth is, for the last year I've been straddling the fence on whether to continue blogging or not. I love it, yet I resent it (time suckage). I've become more and more BORED with myself -- i.e. posting journal backgrounds ... and I've wanted more time to read, to hang with my boys and watch movies, to get OUT of the studio more, to start walking and weight training with my Double BB, to approach a personal creative writing project I've been piecing together in a goal book/dedicated journal for over a decade. I've been talking to the Universe for 3 months about all this, unable to reach a decision. When in England, I was LOVING not having any laptop, no email, no blog posting at all, no reason whatsoever to be on 'Laptop Lockdown' ... just to realize I had been referring to it that way ... pretty indicative. So ... I'm taking this as the Universe's answer to my querying and pleading and ranting and agonizing and vacillating. A dead laptop and financial lockdown are a pretty non-negotiable lockdown of their own. Those of you lovely people out there who want to stay in touch ... even though I'm on Facebook, I hate that venue so don't visit much at all. Emailing me is still the most direct way to contact me. Feel free to do so! antoniafufu@yahoo.com Lights out. True story. Love to all. I'm fiddling with my blog -- colors, fonts, borders, 'About Me', banner, EVERYTHANG! -- because tomorrow is my two year blogging anniversary and I wanted to do something perky in honor of that. I want to open it up in the morning and be 'blinked' (as my bro, the Bobfather, says when something sooprises him -- 'hey that blinked me!') I like this EXCEPT that I can't get the cream background color of the posts to change to a soft lilac. Oh well, at least I got my chocolate pawlet girl in the banner ... YES!!!! I took several shots of her and she chose the one above. She did, true story -- she chewed on the corner; that's how I knew. Plus she said she looked cute all mellowed out like that. (Personally, I think it looks like she's been hitting my Coors Light, but hey, it was her call!) You probably recognize Ian's marigold (my heart), although my ink cartridge is down to 'sputter and maybe', so it's not that gorgeous shimmering GOLD in this print out. [One of Zoe's shots that didn't make the cut, but which I happen to really like. Neener, Pawlets!] All the bits in the banner (not including photos) came from my darling Beth! She gives GOOOOOOD care packages, that woman! She even somehow sent me the red flocked vintage wallpaper in the banner -- Patty at The Tuscan Rose sent me a supply of that a LONG time ago, and I used it up a LONG time ago, too! Happy two years to my blog, if I do say so myself! Think Javier will join me for ice cream and ... and whipped cream? I'm sending out an S.O.S.! [All photos mine, from Chatsworth] Playing catch-up at work so sharing images today and nothing else. Ms. Holly, you are welcome to the Buddha image(s) if you like them. Don't ask, cuz I have NO idea! This post's title was borrowed from River Garden Studio , the incredible Roxanne's most recent post. I just recognized it when I read it, because everything today has made me cry. Everything! I'm home sick for the second day, some wicked combination of migraine and a virus, ache ache ache and shivery. Blind in my right eye from the migraine. I tried to ward it off yesterday by mad cleaning, but this morning I awakened to a sink full of dishes (from the lovely dinner I found the energy to prepare last night), and yet another stack of laundry (after I washed, dried, folded & put away 11 loads yesterday). And now I can't figure out how to make the DVD player work on this stoopid new TV my bro-in-law gave us. Hysterical crying out on my patio roost (which, by the way, does absolutely NOTHING to help alleviate a migraine). It's all due to lack of energy and feeling so flattened. I know that, in my head. My heart? I don't know. We bought this (our first) house 11 years ago, in fix-er-up condition because it's all we could afford. And we've done a gynormous amount of fixing up, but it seems it's multiplied exponentially. Fix one thing, 5 more appear. And you know what the economy is like. And you know I've now got TWO boys in college. And you know what that does to money for things like starting, let alone finishing, projects. I'm so sensitive to my environment, too, it doesn't help matters. I like serenity and order with just a LITTLE chaos thrown in. Relatively clean rooms, relatively MOST of the time. A little light gleaming off a pretty (clean) table vignette ... but not the kitchen table living in the living room, and kitchen shelves & cabinet doors lined up against a wall and all over the patio, forever it seems, and our roof project still undone after three years and KNOWING how pressed for time Double BB is. I want a wand, so I can wave it and have a home that's 'done', that isn't an embarrassment or a financial burden anymore. Not saying fancy, not saying stainless steel appliances, not saying walk-in closets or three kinds of molding on the ceilings. Just FINISHED. Our way. But today I'll just cry at how little Ciera is in her kindergarten picture, her backpack almost as big as she is, and at Roxanne's gentle painting and the picture of the grasses on her post, and at the dirty dishes in the sink (that I can't muster myself to wash, just yet), but especially out of gratefulness to my little feline, Zoe, because even though the door to my studio is open, she has elected instead of 'freedom' to curl up in my lap, blinking at me with contented emerald eyes, purring so loud and hard my belly is vibrating, and making chocolate pawlet dough on my left leg while pushing her head against my left arm for more pets and chin-scratching. [Photos from Gallivant Saturday] This in from my bro, Chris, yesterday: "Ciera is OFF to school! Wow. 3rd Grade already. She is half-excited and half-scared. I made sure she got a good night's sleep and a big breakfast."  It appears that people have Opinions about Trollope, especially about which Trollope a Trollope-virgin should Trollope with first&nbsp;(keyboard appears stuck on&nbsp;'Trollope').&nbsp; The consensii seemed to be one of The Warden, The Way We Live Now, and Can You Forgive Her? &nbsp; That last sounds deliciously salacious, but I went with the fairly short The Warden to start, due to my debilitating laziness. Laziness, you have been rewarded!&nbsp; The Warden is fantastic and sweet and a bit sad.&nbsp; Also, and I know that this is basting the turkey with Obvious Sauce, it is ridiculously Victorian.&nbsp; Because Septimus Harding is the warden of a hospital and the precentor of a cathedral and what are these things? Ok, I am still in the dark precentor-wise because Wikipedia is Too Much Work, but the warden of the hospital (which is not a 'hospital' like you're thinking, but more like an old-man charity house) is the guy who looks after the old mens.&nbsp; This is a bit complicated, but bear with me.&nbsp; A Benevolent Benefactor long ago set up said hospital along with a steady income.&nbsp; The income goes to maintain the hospital and feed the old mens, and whatever is left over goes to the warden.&nbsp; For reasons I don't understand (because I do not Get Economics), the income got bigger and suddenly the warden is making piles of money just for hanging out with some old mens. Which, fine.&nbsp; Except that some young reformer is all, NAY!&nbsp; Such injustice shall NOT go unprodded!&nbsp; And he starts prodding into what the Benevolent Benefactor's will actually stipulates and whether more of teh moneys should go to the old mens and whether the warden is living off of ill-gotten gains and then the warden starts wondering if he is living off of ill-gotten gains and did I mention that the young reformer and the warden's daughter ARE IN LOVE!?!?!&nbsp; Conflict!! So the warden is trying to figure out if he's doing a bad thing and the reformer is trying to figure out how to maintain the good opinion of his lady-love while prosecuting the hell out of her papa and the warden's son-in-law is trying to strong-arm the warden into standing up for his rights and then the press gets involved and everyone is quite overwrought. And that's sort of the whole of it.&nbsp;It is super. Cross-posted at books i done read. I think I liked the idea of this book more than the book itself. A gothic mystery/horror story set in Victorian London, featuring Charles Dickens and narrated by Wilkie Collins sounded like exactly the kind of book I would enjoy. Unfortunately it didn't quite live up to its fascinating premise and I was left with mixed feelings about it. Drood is told in the form of a memoir written by Wilkie Collins (a close friend and collaborator of Charles Dickens, as well as being the author of The Woman in White, The Moonstone and many other novels and plays) and addressed to an unknown reader in the future ? that is, to us. The story begins with the Staplehurst Rail Disaster of 1865, when the train on which Charles Dickens is travelling crashes, sending most of the carriages plummeting over a viaduct into the riverbed below. Luckily Dickens is in one of the few carriages that doesn't fall. As he helps to rescue people from the wreckage, he encounters a mysterious figure dressed in a black cape who introduces himself only as 'Drood'. In the days following the train crash, Dickens becomes obsessed with finding Drood and discovering his true identity. With the reluctant help of Wilkie Collins, Dickens begins a search for Drood which leads them through the dark alleys and underground catacombs of London. Interspersed with the Drood storyline are long passages in which we learn about the family life and living arrangements of both Dickens and Collins, how much they earned for their various novels, their walking tour of Cumberland in 1857, the details of Wilkie's laudanum addiction, the story of the Swiss chalet given to Dickens by his friend Charles Fechter, Dickens' interest in mesmerism and every other piece of biographical information you could possibly want to know. Simmons also incorporates some genuine historical letters and quotes which adds some authenticity to the book. I can see why some readers might find this boring, but I enjoyed these sections ? I thought the descriptions of Dickens' reading tours were particularly fascinating. Simmons has attempted to imitate Wilkie Collins' narrative style (including the Victorian habit of talking directly to the reader) but I felt that he didn't get it quite right. He also uses a lot of words and phrases that just sound either too modern or too American to me (the real Collins or Dickens would have walked on the pavement rather than the sidewalk, for example). This is only a small complaint though, as overall, Dear Reader, I thought his style was quite convincing. I do like the way the book takes us through the process of researching and writing The Moonstone . However, some important plot points are given away so if you haven¡¯t already read The Moonstone and think you might want to, then I would suggest you read it before you begin Drood. It might also be a good idea to read The Mystery of Edwin Drood first (I didn't and kept wishing I had). Another thing I liked about the book was the way Simmons deliberately tries to confuse and mislead the reader - at several points in the novel we are made to wonder whether something we've just read is real or an illusion. This journey through the cemeteries, opium dens and underground sewers of London is a good atmospheric read for a cold dark night, but I was slightly disappointed by it and despite reading all 775 pages I still can't decide whether I enjoyed it or not! However, it will almost certainly leave you wanting to learn more about Dickens and Collins and their works, which can only be a good thing. If you like this type of book I would also recommend The Quincunx by Charles Palliser - another book set in Victorian England and written in a 19th century style. Before I come to the end of this review I would just like to say a few words in defence of poor Wilkie Collins, who happens to be one of my favourite authors. Simmons clearly doesn't rate Wilkie as a writer (I saw an interview where he described him as 'mediocre') and in Drood , the character is portrayed as a not very talented, second-rate author who is consumed with jealousy of the more successful Dickens and becomes increasingly bitter and unlikeable as the book goes on. I admit I'm biased because I've absolutely loved every Wilkie Collins book I've read; he was a much better writer than Drood suggests and definitely not mediocre, at least in my opinion! -Pictures of Charles Dickens (top) and Wilkie Collins (bottom) both in the public domain Helen Loves Books The Tenant of Wildfell Hall&nbsp; by Anne Bronte (1848-409 pages) The Tenant of Wildfell Hall is the second and last&nbsp; novel written by Anne Bronte in her twenty nine years (1820 to 1849). &nbsp;&nbsp; Last month I read and posted on her first work, Agnes Grey. The Tenant of Wildfell Hall is told in a very interesting way. &nbsp;&nbsp; It is a novel very rooted in its time and place. &nbsp;&nbsp; The book is divided into three sections and each is told from a different point of view and narrated in a different fashion. &nbsp; Part One is from the point of view of Gilbert, a well off farmer. &nbsp; A mysterious woman, a widow and her son, have moved into Wildfell Hall, a once grand mansion. &nbsp;&nbsp; Gilbert begins to court the widow, Helen Graham and loses interest in the woman his mother wanted him to marry. &nbsp; In a search for revenge, this woman begins to spread gossip about Helen. &nbsp; &nbsp; One needs to keep in mind that in the time and place of the novel a woman was not thought complete without a man and any single woman, widow or otherwise, above the age of twenty five or so was seen as a potential threat to the stability of the community and its morals. &nbsp;&nbsp; A friend of Gilbert's is also seemingly courting Helen. &nbsp; When Gilbert behaves in a jealous fashion, Helen gives Gilbert her diaries to read. The diary reveals her abusive marriage to Arthur Huntington. &nbsp;&nbsp; Helen begins the marriage completely in love. &nbsp; Over time Arthur seems to become bored with her company and prefers to spend his time with friends from his days prior to marriage. &nbsp; These friends lead him back into a life of heavy drinking and partying with women of dubious repute in the company of male friends. &nbsp; He becomes abusive to her and he tries to turn her son to his ways, teaching him to disrespect his mother and use improper language. &nbsp; In a move of extreme boldness for her day, Helen left Arthur. &nbsp;&nbsp; There some interesting twists and turns of the plot and throughout it all Helen behaves in a near saintly fashion, returning to her abusive husband to nurse him&nbsp; through a fatal disease. Part 3 begins when Helen leaves Wildfell Hall. &nbsp; We see Anne has kept some secrets from us. &nbsp; &nbsp; The ending is much like the ending of Agnes Grey . &nbsp; I liked several things about this book. &nbsp; I liked Anne Bronte's use of differing narrative modes for different sections of the book. &nbsp;&nbsp; I enjoyed the conversations in the book a lot. &nbsp;&nbsp; Wildfell Hall shows Anne was rapidly developing as an artist, compared with her first work. &nbsp;&nbsp; Wildfell Hall is one of the first novels showing a woman leaving an abusive husband. &nbsp; &nbsp; The abusive husband is a bit of a stereotype of the times (hence the name Huntington meaning he prefers the pleasure of the hunt to the company of his wife). &nbsp;&nbsp; You can see how deeply Anne felt alcohol was at the root of the problems in her marriage. &nbsp; She was very unhappy when her husband began to teach their son to drink. &nbsp;&nbsp; The novel is rooted in the time as there is no longer any great mysterious stigma that attached to a single woman with a child as there was in England in the 1840s.&nbsp; (Or perhaps one should say a single woman not of the poorer and majority class of people.) &nbsp; &nbsp; The world of women is a small one in the novels of Anne Bronte. &nbsp; She explores its limits very well. I read Wildfell Hall in part because I have decided to read all of the novels of the Bronte Sisters. &nbsp; There are only seven of them and I like feeling closure on a reading project. &nbsp;&nbsp; As I was reading I could not help but wonder if almost everyone reads her works mainly because of who her ates were . &nbsp; ("Ate" is a tagalog word for "big sister" that conveys for me the familial relationship between Anne and her sisters. &nbsp;&nbsp; A young sister or brother will call&nbsp; their older&nbsp; sibling "Ate Jane" and it is meant to convey respect for an elder sister.) &nbsp; &nbsp; Wildfell Hall is worth reading on its own. &nbsp;&nbsp; Her work does not have the power, depth and beauty of&nbsp; the work of her ates but not much does. &nbsp;&nbsp; I really thing anyone into the Brontes, the Victorian novel or 19th century women writers should read all of&nbsp; the Bronte novels.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mel u The Reading Life &nbsp; click on poster for link to trailer Corey and I had a date night tonight to go see the new Alice in Wonderland movie. We saw in 3D. Alice is 19 years old and has dreams about the happenings of the original movies.... My thoughts are....... that it was just okay. We will not be taking the kids to see it at the theater. First and foremost, I think they would be bored. The beginning is very slow to get going and the plot would kind of be over their heads I think with her being rebellious about corsets and stockings, and then attending a party that turns out to be her engagement party. That doesn't ruin the plot I don't think. She eventually chases after the white rabbit and falls in the rabbit hole...etc., etc. It was very much like the movies I have seen before..just different looking. The plot is a little different but several of the same things happen, but with less "childishness" about them. My conclusion is that...it wasn't serious and deep enough to make it very interesting for adults, but it wasn't childish and silly enough to make it fully appropriate for children either. The gruesome aspects (stepping on human heads to cross a moat, monster eyes being plucked out by straight pins) make it just too much for little kids, so then the lack of more makes it slightly too simple for adults. I think it should have gone one more step one way or the other. It does look very interesting and beautiful. The 3D affects are great. There are some really funny parts with the Red Queen when she goes on her tirades, but I don't think kids would "get it." The March Hare is pretty funny. The Mad Hatter is typical of what you would expect with Johnny Depp playing that part. The White Queen is whimsical. There is a good message of good conquering evil and the Red Queen's demise. I even picked up on some easy to make comparisons between the overall story/characters/storyline and Christianity. Overall...if I were rating on a scale of 1-10 with 1 being Mystery Science Theater level and 10 being like Epic Life Changing Films...I would give it a ....... 6. I would watch it again maybe, the story is good because the story was already good, but it will be hard to find the just right age for our kids so we can watch it together as a family. Better versions of this movie have already been made, in my opinion the Disney one is the best because it makes me laugh a lot! Even though they said it is not supposed to be "the original movie" it kind of is. A good version, but disappointed because it could have been so much better. I think the fault lies with whoever wrote the screenplay. This movie completes my Victorian Film Mini-Movie Challenge. I didn't even realize it until I was posting on my other blog and saw the list of what I had already completed. Although most of this film is NOT set in the regular Victorian setting, it is for part of the time and the essence is there, even in Wonderland, or "Underland" as it is called in this film. Ok so, I read this a long time ago before I understood things like 'subtlety' and I was all, What?&nbsp; This isn't scary.&nbsp; Those ghosts probably aren't even real. But now ACK!&nbsp; Those ghosts probably aren't even real!!! So a bunch of people are sitting around telling ghost stories over Christmas (you know, as one does ) and this one guy is all, I have a story that will chill you!&nbsp; But it's at home and I have to send for it, so you can all go ahead and wait.&nbsp; And that's how tenterhooks were born. The story finally arrives and he reads it and its this governess who takes a position looking after two wee chillens who are beautiful and perfect and good and innocent (which is sort of freaky on its own, no?) except that maybe they are communicating with and/or possessed by some wicked ghosts.&nbsp; Because the governess keeps seeing said ghosts, who are apparently the valet and the previous governess (who got knocked up by said valet and drowned herself in the lake [allegedly]), and they appear to be trying to get the children.&nbsp; Except that whenever the ghosts appear, the children make a POINT of REALLY DELIBERATELY not seeing them, even though the governess is sure they do.&nbsp; It's pretty sinister. But then also maybe the children really don't see the ghosts because there are no ghosts because the governess is going mad?&nbsp; Because maybe they make a point of really deliberately not seeing them because they actually don't see them because&nbsp; they aren't there ?!?!?&nbsp; And the housekeeper doesn't seem them, even when they're right there but maybe she just doesn't have that ability?&nbsp; And I realize that I'm not making this sound very scary and loads of people read TotS and don't stay up nights but few things&nbsp;terrify my shit more&nbsp;than ambiguity.&nbsp; Except maybe sharks. I also feel like I should shoot you a disclaimer here and let you know that James is a mad&nbsp;over-commafier and no one thought to&nbsp;pelt him with&nbsp;periods, so his sentences get rull long and Victorian.&nbsp; Not like Lisa Appignanesi's do , to the point where you totally lose track of where the sentence started, but enough to exhaust the old temporal lobe.&nbsp; But I find him Worth It. Cross-posted at books i done read . Montmorency is a thief. A common criminal, doing time in one of Victorian London's notorious prison in 1875. But what makes him a different than many criminals is that he's very smart, and that he is lucky enough to have a benefactor of sorts -- a brilliant doctor who saved his life. While fleeing the police after a robbery attempt, Montmorency he crashed through a factory skylight and landed on an enormous machine, and would have died from his injuries if an ambitious young doctor hadn't wanted to use him as a test case. A year after his accident, following multiple painful surgeries, the thief who is known as Montmorency (an alias he has adopted, from the name on the bag of tools he was clutching as he fell) is routinely trotted out for meetings of the Victorian scientific community. He's prodded and poked like a laboratory animal, while the upper-crusties are treating him like some kind of rare zoo exhibit, Montmorency, a bright young man with an excellent memory, is actually studying them, and storing away all sorts of useful information. He's not stealing valuables items any more -- just valuable ideas.&nbsp; After one such exhibition, Montmorency absorbs up a very interesting piece of information: a map of the newly renovated London sewer system. Montmorency realizes that this would be the perfect escape route for a thief, and for the rest of his incarceration, he begins planning. He will use his burglary skills and newfound knowledge to reinvent himself as a gentleman. I really enjoyed this book. Of course, I'm currently fascinated by the Victorian period, but this book was both well-written historical novel and an exciting adventure/crime story. Though I personally would never have the nerve to burglarize, it's fun to imagine -- I do love heist movies and crime capers, so there you go. I think Upland did a good job imagining any plot holes and figuring out plausible explanations as to how Montmorency is able to pull off a double life as a Victorian gentleman (a trick in itself) and a thief that spends his nights in the slimy sewers of London without getting caught. He does encounter all kinds of setbacks and dangers. I do wish that Updale had given more details about the actual burglaries -- once it's established that he's a thief, she doesn't give many examples of the crimes, just the fact that he's a burglar. Also, she doesn't flesh out too much of his character -- Montmorency is so busy trying to reinvent himself, yet the reader learns next to nothing about his history, not even his real name. A little more detail would have been great. Since this is the first in the series of four, I suspect the reader will get more information in the later volumes. While I do recommend Montmorency , I have to point out that there is extensive discussion, especially in the beginning, about the filth of the London sewer system and everything that's in there -- and fairly explicit descriptions of the sanitation systems of Victorian prisons. If you have a weak stomach, you might want to skim those chapters. I like to read while I eat, but I would not recommend this book for mealtime&nbsp;reading until you get past about Chapter 13. It's short, only 233 pages, and a fast read. This volume of the Montmorency series is also available on audiobook, narrated by the wonderful Stephen Fry (aka Wooster from PBS' Jeeves &amp; Wooster). I've already put Monmorency Book #2 on hold at the library. Sadly, though there are several copies of the first book in my library system (which has 24 branches) they only own one of each of the remaining books in the series. It's too bad this book isn't more popular.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe if all the teens read it, they'll get hooked on Victorians and we'll have a whole new generation of lit lovers. This is book #4 for Our Mutual Read challenge. In some ways, this reminds me of Suite Francaise by Irene Nemirovsky which is another instance in which the story behind a book is just as interesting as the book itself. My first online search for information about The Bondwoman's Narrative pulled up not information about the narrative itself, but an outline of events about Henry Louis Gates Jr's discovery and analysis of the manuscript, the proposed theories surrounding its authorship by Hannah Crafts (a pseudonym), and its journey to publication. Which admittedly is fascinating. I'd been unsure whether to include this Virago Modern Classic in this month's reading, but the story behind the story cinched the deal for me. As fascinating as it is, however, I became more interested in the story behind the story and almost forgot about the narrative itself; there are about a hundred pages of text before the novel begins and the introduction is engaging, but in its efforts to illuminate the various possible identities for Hannah Crafts, much of the story's plot is revealed along with abundant information about the actions of the characters therein. I would have preferred the introduction be presented as an appendix (but this is a pet peeve of mine, being so spoiler-phobic, and simultaneously being an orderly reader who would prefer to begin at the beginning and read straight through); but, the appendices are filled with their own interesting information (e.g. detailed description of how the manuscript was authenticated) so there wasn't much room there for more, I'd guess. So I read about 20 pages of the Introduction and then I jumped ahead to read the novel, and I jumped back to the Introduction when I had finished Hannah Craft's novel. butButBUT...the backstory is gripping and vital, contextually, to a more complete understanding of The Bondwoman's Narrative , so I am not actually complaining about this (even if it kinda sounds that way). Here's the thing though: forget about all the history behind it for a second... The Bondwoman's Narrative is a gripping tale. Apparently the author was heavily influenced by books like Bleak House and Jane Eyre (I've only read Jane Eyre of those two, but I'm not sure I would have spotted the connections, although scholars have pointed out many direct similarities between TBW'sN and these two texts) and there are all kinds of creepy and dramatic events that pull the reader into the story. A hatchet with hair still stuck to the heft, trees haunted by spirits still furious at their unjust treatment while alive, women driven mad, conniving business dealings (and, yes, this includes the business of human trade): this is not a dry, historical narrative, but a fantastic yarn. Nonetheless, a yarn with considerable import. As potentially the first known novel written by an African American woman, this novel is significant for being one of few of that time period that took the author's race as the norm. Unlike other narratives of that time period, which were sometimes even written under pseudonyms by white women pretending to write an "escape-from-slavery" chronicle (true abolitionists or simply opportunists who envied Harriet Beecher Stowe's incredible success with her 1852 novel Uncle Tom's Cabin ), the black characters in The Bondwoman's Narrative are never described in stereotypical terms and the presumption is that characters are black, unless otherwise described. This is the exception rather than the rule for manuscripts dating to this time period, so it's certainly possible to read this novel for scholarly reasons, but too much emphasis on its importance might discourage readers who, if they just approached this as a 19th-Century Sentimental novel, might just find it a good read. Surely a book can be both: important and enjoyable. Anyone else read something lately that they were surprised to find themselves truly enjoying, even though they might have originally chosen the book because it was culturally or historically significant? I am running out of cliches to express how much Sarah Waters rocks me like a hurricane.&nbsp; Seriously.&nbsp; She is amazeballs.&nbsp; When she is good, she is very, very good and when she is bad, she is still pretty damned good.&nbsp; Admit it, The Night Watch only kind of sucked because it wasn't Fingersmith . And to be fair, Affinity ?&nbsp; Also not Fingersmith .&nbsp; Ok but come on, you guys.&nbsp; SPIRIT MEDIUMS and SECRETS and spinster ladies who are recovering from the deaths of their fathers and then also something else horrible that they're not telling you about and also VICTORIAN LADY PRISONS.&nbsp; You would like read. Ok so.&nbsp; Margaret is a spinster lady who is visiting women in prison because that is the sort of benevolent thing ladies did in those days, to guide them in the ways of not being felons, and also&nbsp;so that the benevolent ladies didn't go stark raving mad while living at home with their mothers and being spinsters.&nbsp; Also, something horrible happened to her and no one is talking about it but everyone is mentioning it obliquely and&nbsp;glancing significantly at everyone else.&nbsp; Prepare to feel out of the loop. But then Margaret meets Selina, prisoner-slash-spirit-medium, and if you are at all familiar with La Waters you will be all I SEE YOU COMING, LADY ROMANCE!&nbsp; And if you are not, well, you have eyes.&nbsp; And I really want other things to have happened so that I can delineate them for you, but for the rest of the novel Margaret goes to visit Selina in prison and that is sort of it for&nbsp; many, many pages &nbsp;then something Fairly Unexpected happens at the end.&nbsp; So. And it is awesome and atmsopheric and there may or may not be spooks.&nbsp; Waters can toss a word salad like she was born to it.&nbsp; I...literally have nothing else to say about this novel.&nbsp; I'm going to start just putting 'ditto' for all of my Waters reviews. Alarm clock buzz, shower time, corn flakes with bananas, ride to work, work-work-work, hit the gym, socialize, dinner, zzzzs and repeat.A few people have asked why I haven't written.  The first response is that I have been working all day, everyday, but when I really thought about it, I didn't have anything exciting to write about.  How about that... life in Kabul is normal. Sure I have some funny stories, but they are not PG-rated, so you are going to need to skype me for those. A month ago, when I was getting on a plane, never would I have though that life in Kabul would feel so (dare I say it) normal.   Wednesday I am going to a new yoga class and Friday we are going shopping.  Today was so beautiful I spent 3 hours reading reports outside in the gleaming sunshine.  Everyday, I meet more fantastically brilliant people.  The work is getting better by the day.There are down sides, as there are to anything, but I prefer to look up.  So as I settled in, I would love to hear about your adventures.  there is a lot of life happening over here. i know when i get caught up in the what if's and the oh i should have's i start to get a little crazy. and let's face it, a little mean. so, when i feel that creep up on me i have to take a few seconds, a few minutes to sit and be quiet. i prefer for those minutes to involve the camera, or food, but life doesn't always give you what you want, does it? like right now i'd really like a big fat blt with fresh summer tomatoes. ah well. maybe in a few months. in the meantime, read this post from brian which struck the right note with me, and make sure to click through and read the night kitchen article. the collaboration between Lisa Congdon and myself is available for sale now at Rare Device . go for it! i sorta dissappeared, huh? i've been traveling for work again, but this time working in an office. it's a different feeling. i'll be getting back out into the field again this summer, but in the meantime i'm adjusting myself to cubicle walls. not that there is much adjusting to be had with drab grey fabric covered walls. seriously. oof. on an up note, i visited trader joe's for the first time ever in my life. i am now crippled with an addiction to mochi ice cream . wow. i just drooled a little bit. to keep my sanity (and not watch hours of tv) i've been reading and streaming the new oriole post album. so good. really. like buy it. it's on itunes and amazon. there is a link on their site under music. yes, they are my friends, but let me tell you, i'm what you might call a direct person. and as a direct person i wouldn't tell you to buy something if i didn't like it myself. so there is that. i'll have a little something else to tell you about in a week. a super exciting collaboraiton. ok, i'm off to pollo loco (i'm such a california cliche). i've got good people in my life. lots of them. in a week that has resulted in a large amount of stress being put right up on my shoulders, it has been exceedingly clear that who is in your life makes all the difference in the world. who could ask for more than that? certainly not me. i was asked to go to socal for a project meeting for work. they really had to twist my arm. really twist hard. heading back out of town again tomorrow. i managed to keep up with my 365 project, and i discovered the power of hothands , which i also put in my boots. this week is supposed to be colder, and i'm wondering if i can tape hothands all over my entire body. would that be strange? maybe a bit, even in arkansas. never did get my hands on that flask. oh well. eleven more months to go. it probably comes as no surprise that i am not the least bit sad to see january go. the closer we get to other months that start with j, the better. i suspect that february is going to be a doozy. i've got two weeks of fieldwork before me, and it has been suggested that the best way to stay warm would be to buy one of these and fill it with whiskey. obviously i have some smart friends. now that eliot's birthday is officially past, i am receiving daily reminders that arlo's is next. and that i should buy something pink and purple that she likes. i'm still not sure what that something is, because that's as specific as she is getting. occasionally she will throw out the word cozy. we'll see. it's hard to think of buying more things when all i want to do is get rid of 60% of the things in my closet. did you see maria's ruthless guidelines ? i plan on getting down to business as soon as i get back and thaw myself. and i've still got those throw pillows on the back burner. sheesh. it would be absolutely true to say that in many ways eliot changed my life. he is my firstborn child. before eliot, i was not a mother. after, well, i guess the after is pretty obvious. but here is the thing, eliot is a great kid. like really great. like it's hard for me to believe sometimes that he is the person he is. did we make this? how can this be? did he just say what i think he did? how did he get so smart? why is he so sweet? this stream of questions has been running through my brain for the last eight years. i still have no answers, apart from the person you see before you. all i know is that if eliot were not my son, he is still someone i would be happy to know, and count as a friend. happy birthday son. when i think of you all grown up, i can see the best person possible. i love you.  Tonight I took a step back in time. I took a dance class. Since the age of six, I took dance classes, and the dance studio became a haven for me. Home was confusing or frightening, school was awkward and stressful, but the dance studio was just comfort- something I was good at that gave me the opportunity to divert my attention away from everything else. You can¡¯t focus on anything else during a dance class¡ªnothing but the music, the steps and your own rhythm. I continued taking classes all through high school and even into college, but the last time I was in a studio in a class was over 18 years ago. EIGHTEEN. I thought about that number in the car on the way to the studio. 18 years. That was probably going to be the age of most of the women in the class. So they were NEWBORNS the last time I was in a studio. I was lucky enough to find an adult class in the first place, much less only a mile from my house. I knew I needed to go. I called months ago about the class and every week, something came up (real or not-so-real) that kept me from going. I know I need to exercise and be healthy. I want to lose weight. And the only type of exercising that appeals to me is the main form I spent most of my young life doing. So taking a cue from my last blog post¡ªI ran out of reasons to wait. I got to the studio early and was almost overwhelmed at the response I had just moments in the door. A ballet class was finishing up, the students all around the age of 14. I felt such a sense of familiarity and nostalgia standing there, the music blaring, watching these girls¡ªremembering when this was all second nature to me¡ªwhen being in a dance studio was when I felt the most ¡°right¡± and comfortable. That was when I started asking myself why I had waited so long to come back to dance. I knew I wasn¡¯t going to be as light on my feet, or walk into the studio with the confidence I used to. I knew I was out of shape and a LOT older than I was the last time I was hereÿbut it was a part of me¡ªwho I am¡ªwho I was---a part of my life I loved and enjoyed very much for many years. I was a bundle of nerves watching the students file in for my class. All younger, most with tiny dancer frames, with varying levels of experience. I actually had butterflies when the teacher came to the front of the room to begin. For a second I eyed the door, afraid I would make a fool of myself. Then, the teacher jumped right in, starting the music from a remote in her hand, and I didn¡¯t have time to think. It was hard. I definitely learned how out of shape I was¡ªand the figure I saw in the mirror seemed foreign to me¡ªhaving stared at my much younger and thinner self in dance studio mirrors for so many years. But I was keeping up and sticking it out. I had told myself beforehand that no matter what, I had to make it through the whole class. And although I was sweating and breathing harder than I had in awhile, there was no question about me making it through the entire class because I was having such a great time. I remembered why I loved dancing so much. The freedom of expression- that beautiful unison of a group of dancers in sync, creating something graceful while exercising out stress, worry, and excess energy. The other thing I used to love was the kinship between dancers¡ªan unspoken respect for each other¡ªand an understanding of the desire to make each step right, have each beat spoken for. And tonight, one of the most wonderful surprises came from my fellow students. I was definitely the lowest level dancer there, had trouble with some steps, couldn¡¯t find my footing in more than a few instances. The younger girls especially were so sweet and encouraging¡ªcheering when I got a tough combination (finally) that we had to do one by one across the floor. Not an ounce of judgment or questioning why I was in ¡°their¡± class. So touching and exactly what I remembered from my fellow dancers so many years ago. I know tomorrow morning I will be reminded of just how out of shape I am, and will discover pain in muscles I didn¡¯t know I had. But I will also remember how I felt when I walked in that studio earlier tonight and heard those first beats of music. I was ready to step back out on the dance floor. In early 2008, I was talking to a friend about the writing career I wanted that I feared would never happen. She looked at me, incredulous, and asked, ¡°What are you waiting for?" The words couldn¡¯t have been simpler. And I didn¡¯t have an answer. What was I doing, really? Was I hoping that magically it would just happen ? I couldn¡¯t believe how focused that moment made me feel. I had been expressing how much I wanted something for years, but what was I really doing about it¡ªexcept wishing? And so, I did start writing, focusing, setting small goals and meeting them. And although JK Rowling and I aren¡¯t sharing an agent (yet), I feel closer to my goal than ever. And I know those five words started it. As of late, I have felt other parts of my life coming together¡ªor at least beginning to. And I realize how much time I have wasted over the years waiting&nbsp;for so many things. Waiting for a boys to call, waiting for the right moment to do this or try that, waiting for a job I hated to get better, waiting for my family to change so I could heal, waitingÿwaitingÿ Some waiting is necessary. You can¡¯t control everything. But too many times in my life I took a passive role when I was scared or unsure of myself. Too many times I thought I would wait just a little longer, just in case¡ªeven though I knew in my heart that nothing was going to change, or that I needed to head in the opposite direction. There are also small instances of waiting that I watch myself and others I am close to fall back on every day. The little things we put off that lead to big things... I will start eating healthier next week, I will actually take a vacation next year, I will start exercising when the weather is better, I will take that art class I have always wanted to when I have more timeÿ For the last few years, I didn¡¯t want photos taken of me¡ªbecause I felt so self conscious about my weight. I would purposely avoid all pictures¡ªincluding some at very large company events I was so proud to have pulled off and some very special occasions with dear friends that I just couldn¡¯t bear to be photographed in. As a result, there are years now with holes¡ªmemories without me in them when I was a central part¡ªall because I was waiting until I felt better about how I looked to include myself in recording them. I realize now how silly that sounds¡ªand the reasons run deeper than appearance. But I was once again waiting for something to get better¡ªfor ME to get better before I allowed myself to enjoy life fully. Waiting can feel safe, but now I am training myself to ask if I feel safe and comfortable¡ªor scared. Am I waiting for the right reasons? As some parts of my life begin to feel safe and dependable in the best senses of the word, I am learning what I can trust and who I can lean on¡ªwhat parts of my life I can sink into and enjoy, knowing I am in the right place. There are areas of my life that are still broken and in need of repair and that may take time. But I am no longer relying on some magic solution to make it all happen. I am living in all of the moments- scared, painful, happy, uncertain, perfect or broken. And life is more real and vivid than it has ever been¡ªand incredibly unpredictable. Just what I have been waiting for. "You must be the change you wish to see in the world." -Mahatma Gandhi With all the gloom in the headlines as of late, I came upon this story about The Same Caf¨¦ in Denver, Colorado where everyone¡ªregardless of their ability to pay¡ªgets a beautiful meal, some comfort, a great does of dignity, and probably most important of all¡ªa moment as part of their community instead of a statistic or problem to be solved. My words won¡¯t add too much impact to the story itself, except to say I am inspired, and when I watch something like this I try and think of just one small thing I can do to make some kind of difference for anyone¡ªwithin the next day or week. It reminds me why I love that quote in the first place. It is a reminder and a challenge¡ªa call to action. A call these owners have taken to heart --and have given as a gift to their community. For more great stories like this about people making a difference, you can follow the MSNBC series Making a Difference on twitter here . Over the years, throughout the six or so cities I have called home, a letter or email would come from my high school reunion committee. For awhile, they even seemed to lose track of me¡ªnot a hard thing to do¡ªas I have moved more than any one person I know. I was fine with that. I really had no desire to revisit an extremely awkward time in my life¡ªand all the players seemed frozen in time-just as we all were then. That was fine by me, too. In a way, it made me feel better. At least back then, so many people expected so much of me¡ªso many high hopes. If no one knew differently, I had achieved everything I was supposed to. So much so that I couldn¡¯t be bothered to make it into town for a visit with old friends, past acquaintances, and school crushes. The truth was, of course, completely the opposite, at least in my eyes. I imagined a party¡ªall the familiar faces, and whispers behind plastic drinking cups about one another. How wonderful so-and-so looked. How so-and-so hadn¡¯t changed a bit. And of course what people would think of me. Not married, a bit uncertain of my future, and weighing a few more pounds than I would have liked. So when several close friends began encouraging me to join Facebook, I wasn¡¯t the least bit interested. At the time, the only real social networking I was familiar with was My Space, mainly through my friend¡¯s teenage children, and the thought of anyone my age spending time online for such a purpose seemed ludicrous. I couldn¡¯t imagine why anyone would want to do such a thing. What a waste of time. As one of my friends went on to explain status updates and how you could share what you were doing at any given moment¡ªI thought surely she had lost her mind. Who does this? I can¡¯t remember when I&nbsp;finally took the leap, although I think it might have been to prove to that very friend (and myself) what a bunch of nonsense the whole thing was. And at first, it did seem that way to me. Then, a few friend requests popped up. Some faces I instantly recognized, others sent me to my bookshelf to find my yearbooks, turning pages¡ªremembering¡ªand a bit shocked that some of these people remembered me at all. I had felt invisible for a lot of high school and there was something revealing in knowing I was seen. As my friend list grew, I rekindled relationships with people from my past, kindergarten classmates, friends of friendsÿacquaintances I met through past jobs, through travel, and through the other random moments in life. I found children I was a nanny for in college, all grown up with the same three year old grin hidden somewhere in their expression, and magically recreated in their own toddler¡¯s faces. It became all a little bit¡ªcaptivating. No longer were all these people frozen in time---judging me and what I hadn¡¯t done¡ªit startles me to think how self centered and more than a little paranoid that thinking was. My own fears made me believe no one could see past well, the past, when it was me that was stuck in time, forgetting that we all step through trap doors, miss our chances, take new directions. We all do. And we become who we are because of it. Even my closest friends that I stay in constant contact with have become dearer to me. I do know what they are doing at any given moment when they feel like sharing, and it is a gift. I no longer just hear from Judith through emails or the occasional call. I know that she just got great news, or shares pictures of her son¡¯s visit from college, and I get to be a part of her life again¡ªjust as I did when I lived around the corner from her in Atlanta, even though we now live five hours apart. I join in my friends' joy as they add to their families and share pictures of moments I would have otherwise completely missed. I see us all growing up, doing everything all over the map. And all my paranoid visions of judgment are laughable now. The love and support from people I once only knew from Algebra class and school field trips now encourage me before a job interview or send snarky comments to me when I need to laugh. My heart swells when someone is in crisis, or worries in the ER for a sick child, and a group of Facebook warriors from all across the globe keep thoughts and prayers flowing through message after message lighting up the screen at all hours. It has been a learning experience, and for any naysayers about social media, there is something so connected, real and genuine about it all, and I can honestly say it has enriched my life. In those small snippets of text that grace the main pages, there is humor, wisdom, sadness, and acceptance. And for me, there has been more. It is how I met the person I love. Through careful steps, shared memories, and more than a little trepidation, we got to know each other. And I am absolutely certain I would never have been able to open my heart any other way. Coming from a shared background, knowing his past, him knowing mine, others knowing both of us (and encouraging a romance)¡ªit was the perfect formula for me to step back into the world of trust. And I did, one status update at a time. I constantly search for a way to quiet my mind once it starts whirling¡ªa way to stop thinking, worrying, and fretting. At times when I feel overwhelmed, I need something to escape into. For many years, cooking has been a source of passion and comfort for me-- a way to sink into something else and change my focus. Having been single for more years than I would like to count, it has too often seemed a waste, or at times too costly to do the kind of cooking I like to do. Nothing makes me happier than a crowd to cook for. I love all of it¡ªthe planning, choosing recipes, finding out who likes what, and then the shopping, preparation and unveiling the finished product. To me it is sharing love, giving of myself, and I enjoy so much watching others enjoy a good meal¡ªand the camaraderie and laughter that accompany it. I never questioned whether or not I would be able to cookÿit was something I saw my mother and my grandmother instinctively do¡ªwith rarely a cookbook or recipe card in sight. I assumed it was a learned behavior like reading or riding a bike. I do believe that part of that mentality is from a southern upbringing. At least from my mother's point of view, it seemed expected for a woman to be a good cook¡ªit was all part of getting (and keeping) a husband. But for all of the backwards and sometimes time-warped southern traditions, I am thankful that learning to cook--feeling the need to cook is in my DNA. In my grandmother¡¯s tiny mountain cabin, which lacked a full plumbing system, and barely enough room for all of us to stand- let alone sit- in her house, she created aromas I am not sure have been replicated to date, even though my mother holds many of the recipes. Her gravy and biscuits still makes me ache for Sunday mornings, and even though I have watched my mother countless times, and have made more attempts than I care to mention, I can¡¯t make them taste the same. Because my mother grew up very poor, my grandmother¡¯s cooking skills were put even more to the test, trying to stretch a thin budget to feed five children. Even still, my mother recalls my grandmother¡¯s dishes with great admiration and nostalgia, and these same dishes have graced our table over the years. And while growing up things in my house were strained, tough, and at times incredibly unhappy¡ªsome of the few peaceful times we shared as our disconnected silhouette of a family were around the dinner table. Looking back, it was almost as if when the kitchen timer sounded¡ªall the chaos took a time out for dinner. My mother was and has always been an excellent cook, and many nights out of the week, we sat down to a great meal. There is a calming effect with food¡ªthe anticipation, savoring, the focus. In the midst of the end of a workday, an argument, or just a swirl of activity, everything has to slow down, at least somewhat. For me, cooking was always a little for daydreaming, too. I always imagined honing my skills, and how I would one day be a wife and mother, preparing meals for my family¡ªmy fresh start¡ªto heal and begin anew. Over the years as that seemed further from reality, I still took comfort in cooking for my friends, coworkers, and my surrogate family members throughout all the cities I lived in. And so many times when I was concentrating on the dreams that I didn¡¯t see coming true, I didn¡¯t realize that in many of my closest friend¡¯s houses, the kitchen brought me a sense of family. I think of Judith¡¯s kitchen in Atlanta, sharing so many meals in her home, the back of the house awash with light over early dinners of ¡°mom¡¯s special dish¡± (her son¡¯s favorite). I think of ¡°Nanny Rice¡± made with so much love in Debby¡¯s kitchen in NC that I grew up associating it with comfort and her heart for me. I think of cooking meals at Patrick and Kristin¡¯s house for friends and for their little girls, remembering when they still sat in booster seats giggling at me from across the table. And in just the last few weeks, my best friend Kim and I have shared and made each other¡¯s recipes more than once. She is my teacher as of late, and I love knowing I have her expertise at any moment. As I made a pot of homemade soup tonight at the end of a stressful day¡ªafter too many worries about money, work, and tough decisions- I found myself slowing down, as I chopped and sliced, saut¨¦ed and stirred. And a little bit of each of those kitchens¡ªfrom my grandmother¡¯s to Judith¡¯s to Debby¡¯s¡ªand finally, my own-- helped me ease my mind and feel a sense of comfort and family. And there is nothing more delicious than that. There are times when&nbsp;I spend hours on a blog post, sorting through all my thoughts and sentences, wearing the pages of my thesaurus thin, not able to connect the exact meaning with my keystrokes. I always have a feeling of accomplishment when I am done--believing at least that I have gotten as close as I can. Sometimes the words resonate with readers and sometimes they don't, but I know I said what I wanted or needed to say. Then, there are times when the words flow, when I can't get them down fast enough...it is almost stressful to write at a quick enough pace before I forget where my mind is heading. More often than not, these writing bursts happen late at night (or early in the morning)--as my nightowl tendencies lend me to greater creative connectivity past the hours of midnight. And many times, those streaming thoughts are the ones that seem to connect--I know there is more of a purity there. My last post, No Other Way ,&nbsp;was one of those entries. I wrote it from beginning to end in a matter of minutes, and got some comments and emails so touching in response, that I was teary-eyed. I even printed a few out for inspiration. But, mainly I was so heartened. I know that I have battled some of the darkest bouts of depression a person could ever go through, and have experienced so much seemingly bad luck in my life that&nbsp;my friends often commented to me that it seemed at times like a black cloud followed me. When in those midnight-black places, I didn't want to hear from anyone that things could get better. It seemed like empty words coming from people who could not possible understand my pain or the sheer impossibility of getting to the other side. And then, every now and then, I would read an article, a story, an essay, or a blog post and someone's words would reach me. I would see shared circumstances and find something that gave me a glimmer. Or, as in the case of Matt Logelin's blog , I would read about someone in completely different circumstances, but whose strength and grace just made me believe&nbsp;that I, too, could keep going.&nbsp;Those moments could sustain me for long periods of time. So often when I share something of my life, the responses and stories I get in return from readers blow me away. The grace, survival, humor and ability to put it all into words is so touching and beautiful, and we all never really recognize how amazing our own stories are. And although my life is far from perfect, I do know that I would never, ever have believed all the amazing things that have happened to me in the last year. Two years ago, I was so far away from all this--and if you are reading this--and if you need these words--please read them and know them to be true. Even from the bottom of a seemingless bottomless pit, everything can change. Everything. It may not all be perfect, but it can be happy and hopeful, and more than you thought possible. It can. I promise. And for so many of us creative souls, writing is therapy, healing, and sanity. Write-- put it all down. It doesn't have to be poetic. Even when I look back on some of my most heartbreaking journal entries or blog posts, I am so thankful I have those words--laced with all that pain. Because looking back, I know how far I have come, how little hope I had, and how nothing is ever written in stone. And for anyone else who has come out of these dark places, whatever they may be...someone out there needs to hear your words of survival and hope. So share, trust yourself. It may make all the difference. It did for me. I am thankful- for decisions I didn¡¯t get to makeÿ dreams that fell through- love lost. I am thankful- for all the things that went wrong. The turns in my life that cut me to pieces- the long journey back to making myself whole. I am thankful- for almost falling into the abyss Being pulled back against my will- almost angry that I survived. I am thankful that I couldn¡¯t imagine such happiness because it is sweeter now that I doubted it with such intensity. It is easy to be thankful for beauty. Who would have ever thought I would be so thankful for the very worst things? The missed chances, defeat, dark places I dare not revisit. The outcomes I fought with all my might to change- to bend- to make what I thought I needed. But nothing worked. I lost those battles over and over. For that I am most thankful. There was no other way. I know that now. I found myself again. It¡¯s been a long time. I am here. Right where I am supposed to be. And in ways I could never have imaginedÿ I am thankful. I have featured this painting before--It is "Rebirth" by Duy Huynh, a local artist. This painting has always held special meaning for me-as does a lot of his other work. Please check out more of his work here: http://larkandkey.com/ My mother called a few days ago, with the pattern of random small talk that I recognize well. She was upset about something. While she chattered on about the weather or her recent purchase of new placemats for the kitchen, she was trying to find the courage to say what was really on her mind. Finally, in a quiet voice, almost a whisper, she said: You didn¡¯t send us a card for our anniversary. We have been married for fifty years , this was special. I was just surprised. Fifty years. I knew when their anniversary was. My mother has never been subtle or able to hold back excitement for any holiday or birthday. She is nearly unbearable around Christmastime, walking around in holiday sweaters that embarrassed me growing up and even now. So, for the weeks leading up to their anniversary date, she was dropping hints and asking for my advice on a present for my father, all the time reminding me of the approaching day. I should be a bigger person. It¡¯s one day out of the year. I could drop a card in the mail with some simple sentiment, nothing too sappy,&nbsp;devoid of anything&nbsp;that makes me sound overjoyed about the occasion. I could send flowers and just sign the card with my name. But I never have been able to make myself do it. My parents both grew up in poverty in an area of Kentucky that is still a bit lost in time. At that time, in that place, it wasn¡¯t uncommon for people to marry young. My mother was sixteen when they married, my father was twenty. From day one, and not just because of her age, my mother has been dependent on my father. She is and has always been painfully shy, and doubts everything about herself with such depth that I am shocked when she steps even a millimeter outside of her comfort zone. She didn¡¯t have a driver¡¯s license until the age of 29, and this was after years of marriage and success&nbsp;with my father¡¯s career¡ªand after having two children. They had money for her to have a car. Instead, she waited for my father to take her where she needed to go. Their marriage showed no evidence of love or respect at any moment since I can remember-- since I knew even a little about what those words meant. My mother has always professed her love for my father. I know she believes that and means it. But how you can truly love someone who has never put you first, has never encouraged you or believed in you, who has belittled you, taken you for granted, ignored your birthdays, squashed your dreams, and expected in turn to be waited on hand and foot¡ªis beyond comprehension for me. She was a child when she married him. He taught her his version of love and she was an excellent student. Fifty years of marriage for my parents, to me, is not a cause for celebration or special recognition. If I have to label it, I would say it is an accomplishment at best. My mother survived fifty years of never making a decision without deferring to my father. She managed to put a face on for the world that seemed together and content, when my father¡¯s alcoholism and many affairs were the crippling reality. I can¡¯t paint her completely as a hero or even a martyr-- as she lived in such denial over the toll my father¡¯s choices and behavior were taking on our family. She chose indifference over action. She chose denial over protecting me. For the forty years I have lived with or known my parents, their marriage has confused me, saddened me, angered me. When I was very young, caught up in my mother¡¯s excitement of marking special days on the calendar, I would make homemade cards for their anniversaries out of construction paper and glitter¡ªhappily handing it to them on the morning of the big day. But even when I was barely out of grade school, celebrating that day felt false. Not marking that day with some gesture wasn¡¯t done out of bitterness, it just seemed so much like a lie, a betrayal of everything I knew to be true. I couldn¡¯t make myself encourage my mother¡¯s state of denial. I feel for her. I hurt for her. I wonder so often what my mother could have become, what she would have done with her life had she not married my father¡ªor had she broken away from him when she was young. I sometimes imagine her with someone who would have seen her. Truly seen the person she is, the heart she has. She can¡¯t even see it herself. So, each year, I let that day in February quietly pass. The square box stares back at me on the calendar. I don¡¯t have to mark it, I know the date. It is the date that made my mother who she is, and me who I am. It was the beginning and the end for all of us. It is the loss of her innocence, the beginning of his betrayals. It is a mix of love and hate. It is a contradiction¡ªwishing the union didn¡¯t happen¡ªbut knowing I would not be here if it hadn¡¯t. And there isn¡¯t a card for that.  by: W.B. Yeats Went out to the hazel wood, Because a fire was in my head, And cut and peeled a hazel wand, And hooked a berry to a thread; And when white moths were on the wing, And moth-like stars were flickering out, I dropped the berry in a stream And caught a little silver trout. When I had laid it on the floor I went to blow the fire a-flame, But something rustled on the floor, And some one called me by my name: It had become a glimmering girl With apple blossom in her hair Who called me by my name and ran And faded through the brightening air. Though I am old with wandering Through hollow lands and hilly lands, I will find out where she has gone, And kiss her lips and take her hands; And walk among long dappled grass, And pluck till time and times are done The silver apples of the moon, The golden apples of the sun. please note: art by Kelly Fearing nothing to add... Small Breaths by Eileen Carney Hulme No matter that my heart sinks, sighs, with the weight of skeletons- paths I forgot to follow have slowly sealed rooms go unrecognised for fear of change and I cry at the uncertainty of rainbows. All the daydreams I stole, refusing to give them back are stored as silver dust and each day is a small breath. Another rainy day in CinCity, and if you are tired of reading this I am equally as tired of writing it. I'd like to say it's a warm spring rain, but it's not. Cold and rainy. CollegeGrrrrl is back in her CollegeTown, missing us after a week up at the lake with her stepdad and a day and a half with all the family together. HoneyHaired Grrrl leaves next week with a group from school for Greece. We need to go shopping for her, but it's a bit hard to get a feel for what their weather will be like. The riots going on there do nothing to motivate TryingVeryHardNotToBeWorried Mom, and think we won't be finding anything in Kevlar at The Gap. Hubby's at work, also missing the lake and being with us, but aside from sitting in the ER and faking a seizure, I don't think I can fix that. --- if you are prone to be offended by inappropriately hilarious hospital humor, please don't watch this. I believe we shall pull on our boots and grab an umbrella to go up to the local movie theater to see Ghost Writer. Seems like a damp and British, clandestine type of day. And of course, an afternoon full of English accents is spot on. Seriously. :>) what makes us laugh tonight... by Jane Hirshfield You must try, the voice said, to become colder. I understood at once. It's like the bodies of gods: cast in bronze, braced in stone. Only something heartless could bear the full weight. In Blackwater Woods by Mary Oliver Look, the trees are turning their own bodies into pillars of light, are giving off the rich fragrance of cinnamon and fulfillment, the long tapers of cattails are bursting and floating away over the blue shoulders of the ponds, and every pond, no matter what its name is, is nameless now. Every year everything I have ever learned in my lifetime leads back to this: the fires and the black river of loss whose other side is salvation, whose meaning none of us will ever know. To live in this world you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal; to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it; and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go.  Statistics are like bikinis. What they reveal is suggestive, but what they conceal is vital. - Aaron Levenstein The NSF has finally ended the suspense....I got the fellowship!!!! Woo hoo!!!! Ok, now I will take my immature celebratory whooping offline....but yay!!! So, the NSF's GRFP page has a notice that the site will be " unavailable Sunday, April 5 from 5:00PM ET until 12:00AM ET on Monday, April 6 for scheduled maintenance." Maybe this could this be an indicator that they're uploading the awardee information. Or am I just being hypervigilant? Last year the winners of the grant were posted on the 1st, so I have been in a state of constant anxiety waiting for the announcement this year. I should have taken it for granted (no pun intended, I promise) that the year I apply will be the one in which everything is delayed . . . but maybe the maintenance message is a cryptic light at the end of the tunnel? We shall see tomorrow. . . I am putting together the PowerPoint version of my honors thesis to present at our undergrad research forum next week, and so am scrounging Google images for maned wolf pictures. They have miserable reproductive success in captivity (details in the thesis!), so there aren't too many pictures of pups, but this one absolutely melted my heart and I have to share: Poor kid looks like he already knows his species is on the brink. And look at that little tail! Bless his heart . . .but I think the next one wins the prize . . . who knew your offspring's ears make good toothbrushes? And some human raised pups: And one last one, now we know how their legs get so long, baby yoga: (Image 1 credit , Image 2 credit , Image 3 credit , Image 4 credit ) The graduate school search has been inching along over the past few months. I applied to about five schools, visited three, and am now down to deciding between my top two choices. As with everything else in the country these days, finances and funding issues are unfairly large factors as well. I applied for the NSF's Graduate Research Fellowship grant back in November, and after months and months of patient waiting, notification season is upon us. Awardees are supposed to be receiving their letters over the next week or so. I have been putting the little red flag up on my mailbox every day, even though I have no outgoing mail, just so I can tell at a glance when the mail has been delivered. But even when I see the mail has been delivered, I wait all afternoon and make myself complete the day's list of work and writing goals before actually checking it, just in case the letter has come, because I know that once I recieve the news, for better or for worse, I'll be too worked up to accomplish anything for the rest of the day. At this point I'm not even really having anxiety over the fellowship itself, the main concern is that this award pretty much determines which school I'll be attending in the fall. I would like to know, already! But I am stuck in neutral as far as decision-making until I get word on the GRF. So, that is the current status on my quest to become a graduate student. I have found a really great job for the summer, but am holding off on blogging about it until it is 100% certain, still waiting for all the paperwork to go through. Pondering Pikaia has been neglected recently, I intend to be a better updater in the near future. In case you missed the announcement earlier this year, science news and research blogging has moved to Endless Forms over at the Nature Network, and PP is going to be more of a chronicle of my (hopefully) continuing progress through the world of academia. Meanwhile, is anyone else awaiting notification about the GRF? Any stories about the experience from people who have applied in the past? So, yesterday Bora and I had fun joking about what Charles Darwin would have been like on Twitter. We came up with some hypothetical yet reasonable ideas: Me: @arwallace Damn! and Bora: @rowen next time I'll block you! Today I thought of a couple more: @agassiz i can has barnacles? @huxley down, boy @drgully i'd like to see you try the wet wrap for a change!- So, in honor of Darwin Day on Thursday, I thought it would be fun to solicit more ideas, make up your own Darwin tweets and post them in the comments! Remember Tweets must be 140 characters or less. (Note: Someone has actually created Twitter accounts for both Darwin and Wallace, but they haven't been too active as of yet, and I trust the creativity/absurdity of Pondering Pikaia readers to get the creative juices flowing!). EDIT: it has come to my attention that there are two accounts for Darwin, the one I originally found was charles_darwin, but cdarwin is a good one, active and informative too! -Dr. Gully was the physician at Malvern, a medical resort where Darwin frequently sought treatment for his various infirmities and ailments. The treatments were decidedly unconventional, involving exposure to cold showers, being wrapped in cold wet sheets, etc etc. I thought that last year's ScienceOnline conference was great, but this year has had even more sessions, more people, and more fascinating topics. (I got a huge kick out of Henry Gee's summary in poetry form ). I missed the evening banquet tonight because of a slight emergency back home that I needed to handle, but the day was jam-packed with tons of blog goodness. I haven't been liveblogging, but I do have a review of the talks I attended today: First up: Blog-To-Book , moderated by Dave Munger and Tom Levenson . Dave and Tom told us about the role that blogging has played in their experiences with writing print books, and we discussed various issues involved in writing for books vs blogs. Some of the items mentioned were adjusting for a different audience, changing the structure from reporting to truly telling a structured story, and some discussion of why some bloggers want to try writing books. Is it because we feel our writing isn't truly legitimized by blogging, is it for fame and fortune, was it the writing goal even pre-blog? Does blogging help a writer to narrow down their interests for the book, or is it a diversion of time and effort? Someone (can't remember who, sorry!) drew the analogy that a blog entry is to a book what a YouTube video is to a feature film. Overall a very interesting discussion. Next: Transitions: Changing Your Online Persona as Your Real Life Changes , moderated by ScienceWoman and PropterDoc . I was very interested in this one, as I am approaching graduate school and contemplating how the transition between schools, advisors, and projects will affect my blogging. There was lots of good discussion about pros and cons to being anonymous, how to maintain an online presence without detriment to family/career, and other related topics. Some issues of the difference between the experience of men vs women were given a lot of time, as were the generational overhaul that seems to be slowly coming around, as newer professors can seem to be more comfortable with the idea of blogging than older advisors. My last session of the morning was Teaching College Science: Blogs and Beyond , moderated by Andrea Novicki and Brian Switek . I am currently a UTA for freshman Honors Organismal Biology, and hope to attain a faculty position some day, so I made sure to attend this one. There were many ideas presented on the advantages and challenges to using blogs in college classrooms. They can be great ways to engage reluctant learners or students who are more comfortable expressing themselves in writing than speaking up in class. Also, it's a great way to present supplemental material and encourage students to delve into the subject matter further in a less regimented, more exploratory way. It could become unwieldy for large classes, though, and there are also privacy issues. Overall, however, the ideas for innovative strategies and beneficial results were very encouraging. After lunch came the session in which I was a panelist: Blogging Adventure: How to Post from Strange Locations . The other panelists were Kevin Zelnio , Rick MacPherson , Meredith Barrett , Talia Page , Karen James , and Vanessa Woods . We started off with an interactive simulation of blogging in the field, complete with flashing lights, pinching bugs, and pen-stealing anglerfish. If the whole blogging thing falls through, we should set up an amusement park. Then we all shared our stories of blogging from the field, and talked about technical challenges, time constraints, and other obstacles to updating from remote areas. We also talked about why blogging from the field is important: it helps to maintain a connection to the outside world and update family and friends, gets people interested in science, and provides a social context for scientific research. I currently have a proposal under review for my master's thesis, but if it comes through I will have a brand new adventure blogging opportunity in the coming year...stay tuned! Finally, I attended How to Become a Paid Science Journalist: Advice for Bloggers , moderated by Tom Levenson and Rebecca Skloot . This included lots of great advice on how to pitch ideas to magazines, the importance of remaining aware that editors will judge your writing from any and all of your blog posts, etc. So, that was my day! Keep in mind that there are four concurrent session in each time slot at this conference, so there is much more going on than one person can relate! Keep an eye on Bora's blog aggregations of the conference updates of writers from all across the science blogosphere. I have had a great time, but tomorrow I am fleeing these arctic temperatures and heading back to Alabama. I've had a great time meeting and trading ideas with so many people this weekend, and I'm already looking forward to the 2010 conference! This morning I rode the arctic blast northwards, and I am here in Raleigh. I took a look around NC State earlier today (I am currently on the hunt for grad schools), but my main purpose for being here is the ScienceOnline 2009 blog conference! I had a fantastic time last year, and am looking forward to even more interesting sessions and people this time around. I will be on the panel for the Blogging Adventure: How to Post from Strange Locations session tomorrow (Saturday) at 4:30, where we will discuss issues involved in blogging from remote locations while doing field research. If anyone else on NN (or any other science blog network!) is in town for the conference, keep an eye out for me! (Cross-posted to EF )  intensifying and showcasing the metamorphosed earth. Moss covers live oaks like a coat of paint, contrasting with the wet, velvet black bark. Rainbows shimmer in the humid air. Gray glows argent, like burnished silver jewelry. Neighborhood cats, thick coats sprinkled with fairy dust, perfect muddy footprints trailing up and over my white car. A bird flutes a surprised, subdued query to unaccustomed early morning rain.Grackle flurries restlessly prowl in the twilight, one eye on the dumpsters outside the eateries close to the river, one leg on trees perilously bending under the weight of tens of thousands of the buggers, moving like black schools of fish, pulled apart and collapsing together again like taffy, yet somehow&nbsp; averting mid-air collisions and managing not to knock a neighbor off a perch.New buildings loom over downtown like giant, shiny tinker-toys. Or maybe metallic mushrooms. The currently tallest one looks suspiciously like a flash drive standing on end. Folks coming to SX won't believe how the skyline has changed in just one year. There's something vaguely nauseating about how much building is going on, when news from other towns describes a completely different story. Where is all the money coming from? Who will populate the buildings? Will they fill as quickly as they went up? Will it be a repeat of the 80's, when the original "skyscrapers" went up, only to stand empty and forlorn for who knows how long?Changes abound. Weddings and births Welcome to moving day at Nurse Ratched¡¯s Place. Yep, I¡¯m out of here and I¡¯m moving to my own website. The great thing about moving to a new website is that you don¡¯t have to pack, rent a truck, or pick up a heavy box and throw your back out. However, you do have to find someone who can do some heavy lifting (I'm clueless about computer stuff), and help you get to your new destination. My moving man is the one and only Shane from Healthcare Today and Ask Shane.org. He¡¯s not one of the guys wearing overalls in the picture. He¡¯s my blog angel. Thank you, Shane. Please reset your links to my new web address, and come on over and see my new place. Check out NurseRatchedsPlace.com. I won¡¯t ask you to carry boxes, and housewarming gifts are not required. I went to court yesterday to confront Mr. Jailbird, the man who attacked my coworkers and me a few months back. He looked ¡°thrilled¡± to be in court. He cut his hair, cleaned himself up, and was accompanied to court by his social worker and his therapeutic foster parents. He¡¯s an adult who is still in the foster care system. Go figure. His posse glared at me and the other nurses like we were deviants for making Mr. Jailbird talk to a judge about his criminal behavior. I stared back at them. Let the games begin. My coworkers and I sat through many mini hearings in the courtroom before they got to our case. We were the last ones on the court docket. Our assailant didn¡¯t enter the courtroom until the last minute. He was waiting in the public defender's office. Right before our case was called, the court bailiff whispered something in the judge¡¯s ear. Then the judge called a brief recess. There was a commotion at the bench as the judge was ushered to his chambers by security. The states attorney told us that Mr. Jailbird¡¯s public defender had just warned the court of her clients escalating behavior. He was making threats against the judge and the witnesses in his case. The state¡¯s attorney was smiling. Mr. Jailbird had just proven her case. Extra security officers quickly entered the courtroom. Then the judge came back into the courtroom and he started the trial. I testified first. Mr. Jailbird was about ten feet away from me as I recalled the events to the best of my ability. I could hear his chair creaking as he rocked in his seat. I glanced over once at Mr. Jailbird. His eyes locked on me. I fought back tears when the state¡¯s attorney showed me the evidence bag containing the shank Mr. Jailbird used in the assault. I took a deep breath and focused on the judge. Then the public defender asked me questions. She tried to rattle me, but I took my time answering her questions. She knew her case was a lost cause because she was the one who had tipped off the court about her client¡¯s threats. In the end, Mr. Jailbird was found guilty of 2nd degree assault and malicious destruction of property. The sentencing phase of the trial will take place in 90 days. The judge wants a court physiatrist to examine Mr. Jailbird before he decides what to do with him. In the meantime, Mr. Jailbird is going back home with his foster parents. The judge put him on a short leash. Mr. Jailbird was told that he would go to the poky if he acts up while he awaits his sentence. The judge also asked me when I wanted to make my victim statement. He said, ¡°Do you want to do it now or later, although I can just imagine what you¡¯re going to say. -Snort- " I¡¯ll make my statement when the judge rules in the case. I bumped into Mr. Jailbird¡¯s social worker as I was leaving court. She told me that no one currently involved in his case knew anything about Mr. Jailbird¡¯s past exploits at the hospital. She showed me a legal pad filled with notes, and she told me that she was going to be making a lot of phone calls when she got home from court. Then I saw Mr. Jailbird's foster parents in the parking lot. They looked shell shocked. Mr. Jailbird faces ten years in jail and $25,000 fine. I just have one more thing to say: Throw em¡¯ in jail! Jail Bird by Kevin Hanna I love this picture. Kevin Hanna is a very talented artists and I really like her work. Her creations are colorful, playful, and very imaginative. I hope to create another jailbird at the end of the week. I¡¯m going to court on August 7th to testify against my attacker. He came after my coworkers and me a few months ago and tried stabbing us with a shank. It¡¯s a toss up whether I¡¯ll have my day in court. The court date has already been postponed twice. I¡¯ll keep you posted. There¡¯s something sinister going on in the universe. It¡¯s a growing power that we can¡¯t see or touch, but special people know that it¡¯s there. This information is top secret, so don¡¯t tell anyone else. My source works with the Ophra Team. Ophra Winfrey has been called the most powerful woman in America. Actually, she is the ruler of a secret society, which makes her the most powerful woman in the world. I¡¯ve never met Ophra, but, as a psychiatric nurse, I do meet with members of her secret society on a regular basis. A member of Ophra¡¯s secret society recently arrived on my unit. She spoke to me on the condition of anonymity, and she told me many insider secrets about Ophra¡¯s secret society, and about Ophra Winfrey herself. Did you know that Ophra has a special team that implants microchips inside of her followers while they sleep? These implants foster the sense of brotherhood, making strangers into friends. Ophra has many friends. This is a common story among Ophra secret society members, so it must be true. My source also gave me the inside story about Stedman and Ophra¡¯s friend, Gayle. Stedman is a robot, and Gayle and Ophra are lovers. I was shocked to learn about Stedman, but rumors have been flying around about Ophra¡¯s gay relationship with Gayle for a long time. It¡¯s an open secretÿ. not that there¡¯s anything wrong with that. You may think that these wild stories are just conspiracy theories thought up by people who need to keep taking their medication. It¡¯s true that people suffering from delusions can come up with some wacky tales. I¡¯m sure that it¡¯s just a coincidence that Ophra¡¯s new XM Satellite Radio program is called, ¡°Oprah & Friends,¡± and that she¡¯s promoting a book called, The Secret . Watch your back. Ophra wants to be your friend, too. I just celebrated my 29th birthday. I¡¯ve celebrated my 29th birthday for 24 consecutive year, so I have it down to a fine art. In honor of my special day, my two liberal daughters sent me birthday greetings, and birthday gifts via the Obama campaign. These are the pins that they sent me. I¡¯m so proud of my daughters. They are special girls, and I always knew that they were destined to follow in my Democratic footsteps. I¡¯ll never forget a report that I received from oldest daughter¡¯s teacher during a parent-teacher conference back in 1989. That was the year that Mikhail Gorbachev, the former President of the Soviet Union, allowed the destruction of the Berlin Wall. My oldest daughter and I had watched the wall come down on TV, and I told her that we were witnessing a great day in world history. A couple of days later, my daughter¡¯s teacher asked her class to name a famous person that they would like to meet. My daughter announced that she wanted to meet Mikhail Gorbachev because he was the great world leader who let people tear down the Berlin Wall. The teacher replied by asking my daughter if she would like to meet President Reagan. My daughter wrinkled up her nose and said, "Eewww, he's a Republican." God bless liberal children. Obama 08. This lady reminds me of my old school librarian. She taught my classmates and me about library etiquette. The number one rule involved silence. Silence was not only golden, it was a requirement if you didn¡¯t want to get thrown out of the library. That¡¯s not the case anymore. Today, the library is about as quiet as a Wal-Mart Superstore. Case in point. I¡¯m currently sitting at my local library with small children running all around me while their mothers are talking on their stupid cell phones. Excuse me, but when did it become OK to jabber on a cell phone while your kids are running wild in public? And then there is the guy sitting directly behind me in a cubical. He is also running his mouth on a cell phone. Allow me to recap his conversation. (I wonder if he would stop using his cell phone in the library if he knew that he was the subject of today's post). First the guy calls his insurance agent and reports that his car was in an accident over the weekend. Apparently the guy¡¯s lovely teenage daughter stole the keys to the car again , and went joyriding with her friends. I heard the guy tell his insurance agent that he hid the keys to the car in the mudroom, but that his little angel had snuck out of the house in the middle of the night after finding the car keys in an old shoe. Then I heard him say that everyone in the car was hurt and that his daughter is still in the hospital. She has broken bones and internal injuries. After a long pause, I heard him making excuses for his daughter¡¯s irresponsible behavior. Poor baby. It's not her fault that she lied to her parents, and nearly killed herself along with her friends. I¡¯m sure it won¡¯t be long before his sweet angel makes her way onto my unit with a diagnosis of conduct disorder. Then I heard him call his business partner. He told his partner to write a check out to someone for half a million dollars. Then he told his partner not to sign the check before he sent it out in the mail. Sweet. Where are those mean looking librarians that use to tell noisy patrons to shut up. I'm going to buy this teeshirt. What do you think? Meet three eminent heart surgeons: Dr. Michael DeBakey (center), Dr. Christian Barnard (left), and Dr. Adrian Kantrowitz . These guys are medical pioneers. I wonder if they all hung out together on their time off. There is a brotherhood/sisterhood among cardiologists. They routinely save lives, and I think that experience draws them together into a tight community. My mom sent me this email about a cardiologist, a mechanic, and a car engine. Enjoy reading it, and have a nice weekend. A mechanic was removing a cylinder head from the motor of a Dodge SRT-4 when he spotted a well-known cardiologist in his shop, who was waiting for the service manager to take a look at his car. The mechanic shouted across the garage, 'Hey Doc, want to take a look at this?' The cardiologist, a bit surprised, walked over to where the mechanic was working on the SRT. The mechanic straightened up, wiped his hands on a rag, and asked, 'So, Doc, look at this engine. I open its heart, take the valves out, repair any damage, and then put them back in, and when I finish, it works just like new. So how come I make $39,675 a year, a pretty small salary, and you get the really big bucks, $1,695,759, when you and I are doing basically the same work?' The cardiologist paused, smiled, and leaned over, then whispered to the mechanic 'Try doing it with the engine running.' Our lovely nurse is gently holding her patient in her arms. Her navy blue cape is crisp, and her starched white uniform is spotless. It won't be spotless for long. Just wait until that smiling bundle of joy upchucks all over her white uniform. Too bad she isn¡¯t wearing her scrubs. I bet our lovely nurse can¡¯t wait for her young patient to go to sleep so she can start reading Change of Shift . It's posted over at Emeriblog . Notice the new CoS logo. Kim put together another great edition, so go check it out. There are a lot of exciting things happening out in the blogosphere. Notice the button at the bottom of this post. It¡¯s from HeathcareToday . The good people at HealthcareToday have created a website that allows you to give feedback to other bloggers while promoting your own blog. Click the button to find out more about this exciting new website. I want to welcome NurseZone.com to Nurse Ratched¡¯s Place. I really enjoy reading their news headlines, and taking their weekly polls. There is a lot of great stuff going on over at NurseZone.com. I encourage you to go check it out. In other news, Kaetlyn Wilcox has put her wonderful animal series up for sale on redbubble as cards and prints. Startling loveliness - check it out (by the way, redbubble has volume discounts if you buy more than four cards)!The talking flowers are cross-grained and dictatorial, they were in fact intended to satirize the flowers in Tennyson's poem "Maude" who were waiting longingly for an evocation of feminine grace, as opposed to the crazed red queen these flowers anticipate. My girls are pretty self sufficient in the morning when it comes to making their own breakfast but usually it is just a bowl of cereal with some fruit, toast or some oatmeal.&#160; This works out great for me because I work every morning and when it¡¯s busy I just don¡¯t always want to stop to make them something to eat!&#160; On special days or days when I know they have worked their little bodies pretty hard the night before (BMX or Ice Skating) I will get up early and make them their favorite breakfastÿ It¡¯s really nice and simple and they truly love itÿ Breakfast Sandwich (makes 2) &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Ingredients: 4 slices of bacon, cut in half so they fit on the Sandwich Thin 2 eggs 2 slices of American cheese 2 Arnold¡¯s Select Multigrain Sandwich Thins &#160; Directions: Place the bacon slices in your cast iron skillet (works best but you can use any skillet), cook until nice and crispy. Toast your sandwich thins once the bacon has cooked. Cook your eggs in the same skillet with the hot bacon grease.&#160; Salt and pepper the egg and gently break the yolk.&#160; Turn the egg to make it over easy and have the yolk mostly hard.&#160; Top with the slice of cheese and allow to melt slightly. Top one half of one of the toasted Sandwich Thins with 4 slices of the bacon (cut in half so they fit right?), then top with the cooked egg and melted cheese and the other Sandwich thin half. Repeat for second one. --They really like this with a cut up banana and some OJ. ---We have been known to have this for dinner as wellÿWe love ¡°Breakfast for Dinner Nights¡±! &#160; Okeeheelee State Qualifier Race Most of you know by now that my oldest daughter, Kyra races BMX .&#160; She has only been doing this since last May but is really loving it and doing really well.&#160; It¡¯s a tough sport but she seems to just be thriving in the environment.&#160; She is a strong, smart and very tough little girl and we are incredibly proud! Anyway this past weekend we were at a Qualifier for the State races over at Okeeheelee BMX in West Palm, just over on the other coast.&#160; It was a 2 day race with some festivities starting on Friday.&#160; Seeing as I would really rather spend the night in my own bed then any other bed anywhere we decided that we would stay at home on Friday and get a real early start on Sat.&#160; Early start we did and we made it to the track with plenty of time for Kyra to get some practice laps in and then onto the races.&#160; The races on Sat. were great but the mains were delayed by over 2 hours by the coldest, ickiest, nastiest rain ever.&#160; We used the delay time to get checked into our hotel.&#160; Made it back and continued on racing into the night.&#160; On the first day Kyra placed 3rd, 2nd and 3rd in the semis.&#160; In her main she placed 7th.&#160; Not the finish she was hoping for but a great finish nonethelessÿ Sunday we woke up bright and early to do it all over again.&#160; Sunday though the weather was beautiful.&#160; Cool and sunny.&#160; Kyra placed 3rd in all her motos and 7th in her main.&#160; Perfect racing weather!!! Instead of buying food at the track for all the days there we had decided with our racing buddies to get together and pack up a meal, burgers, hot dogs, and salad. So now onto the foodÿ Tomato Basil Salad (adapted from The Church Cook) This is the perfect salad for a picnic, pot luck or any time you need to make something ahead of time.&#160; The dressing can be made ahead and the salad all prepped just add the dressing and the parmesan about 5 minutes before serving and toss wellÿ 2 chopped seeded plum tomatoes 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped fresh basil 1/4 cup white wine vinegar 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard 2 garlic cloves 1 teaspoon sugar 1 cup olive oil, extra-virgin Romaine lettuce, chopped Grape Tomatoes Red Peppers, sliced&#160; Red Onions, sliced thin Grated Parmesan or any other garnishes Blend first 7 ingredients and 1/2 cup oil in processor or blender. With machine running, add remaining 1/2 cup oil; process until well blended. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before using. Toss the salad 5-10 minutes before serving. Had to improvise with the cheese for the burgers (used cheese sticks), but check it outÿwe even had bacon!!!&#160; Cindy was a pro with her marine grill!!! Great time had by all.&#160; Thanks Chris, Amy, Cindy and Scott for the great company!!!&#160; And the kids totally rockedÿ The February 2010 Daring Bakers¡¯ challenge was hosted by Aparna of My Diverse Kitchen and Deeba of Passionate About Baking . They chose Tiramisu as the challenge for the month. Their challenge recipe is based on recipes from The Washington Post, Cordon Bleu at Home and Baking Obsession. It turned out perfect.&#160; The only thing I will do differently next time is to dip the cookies in the espresso mixture for longer.&#160; I was afraid of them becoming mushy! And what an incredible challenge this was!&#160; And not because I screwed anything up this time!&#160; They made us make this from complete 100% scratch.&#160; Right down to&#160; making our own mascarpone cheese.&#160; I had to read through the directions several times just to be sure they didn¡¯t want us making our own vanilla and rum extracts!!! I truly loved this challenge and for me it was probably one of the most rewarding.&#160; If I had never done this challenge I would NEVER have made my own mascarpone cheese and it is something that is so delicious, simple and satisfying to do!&#160; Thank you my dear, sweet friend Deeba and Aparna for this wonderful challenge!!! Mascarpone cheese, zabaglione, pastry cream, and Ladyfinger/Saviardi Biscuits Due to time restrictions for me (we are leaving town today for a BMX Race) I only made a small one in a bread pan, but it was truly deliciousÿ The recipes for this challenge are presented in the following order: A. Tiramisu (includes zabaglione &amp; vanilla pastry cream) B. Mascarpone Cheese C. Ladyfinger/ Savoiardi Biscuits MANDATORY: You MUST make your own savoiardi / ladyfinger biscuits and mascarpone cheese with the given recipes. You must also make the zabaglione and pastry cream using the given recipes. If diet or health restrictions do not allow you to use these recipes, please go ahead and use one of the alternatives provided or other suitable recipes to make them, but please include links to the original recipe in your DB post. Sponge cake may be not be used as a substitute . After all, a large part of this challenge is making those biscuits. VARIATIONS: Tiramisu is usually made in square dishes and cut into squares to serve. If you want to be different, please feel free to give full rein to your creativity as to how you want to present, decorate and serve your tiramisu. Make it square, round, as individual servings, or whatever! However, your version of Tiramisu must contain the mascarpone cheese and the savoiardi/ ladyfinger biscuits you made. PREPARATION TIME: Tiramisu is made up of several components which can be made separately and ahead of time and put together the day before serving. Making tiramisu from scratch requires about 2 to 3 days (including refrigeration) from when you start making the mascarpone to the time the tiramisu is served. So this challenge requires some prior planning. Please read the instructions as you need to begin making the mascarpone at least a day in advance. The zabaglione &amp; pastry cream also need 4 hours to an overnight for chilling, as does the main dessert. The flavours mature after an overnight rest, and the dessert can be kept refrigerated for 2-3 days. Once assembled, the tiramisu can be frozen till you need to serve it, in case you are not serving it immediately. EQUIPMENT REQUIRED: A double boiler (a stainless steel bowl that fits inside a large saucepan/ pot without touching the bottom will do) Two or three large mixing bowls Whisk A medium sized heavy bottomed pan Fine meshed strainer (to remove lumps from pastry cream, if any) Electric mixer, hand held Serving dish (or dishes) of choice (8&quot; by 8&quot; should be fine) Spatula for folding and spoons as required Plastic wrap/ clingfilm Baking sheets Parchment paper or nonstick liners Pastry bag (can be disposable) Plain 3/4&quot; pastry bag tip or cut the end of pastry bag to this size (If you don¡¯t have a pastry bag and/or tips, you can use a Ziploc bag with the corner snipped off) Oven Cooling rack Thin-bladed spatula for removing ladyfinger biscuits from the baking sheets Instant-read thermometer (optional) Strainer Cheesecloth or cotton napkin for draining mascarpone Fine-mesh strainer for shaking cocoa powder on tiramisu TIRAMISU (Recipe source: Carminantonio's Tiramisu from The Washington Post, July 11 2007 ) This recipe makes 6 servings Ingredients: For the zabaglione: 2 large egg yolks 3 tablespoons sugar/50gms 1/4 cup/60ml Marsala wine (or port or coffee) 1/4 teaspoon/ 1.25ml vanilla extract 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest For the vanilla pastry cream: 1/4 cup/55gms sugar 1 tablespoon/8gms all purpose flour 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest 1/2 teaspoon/ 2.5ml vanilla extract 1 large egg yolk 3/4 cup/175ml whole milk For the whipped cream: 1 cup/235ml chilled heavy cream (we used 25%) 1/4 cup/55gms sugar 1/2 teaspoon/ 2.5ml vanilla extract To assemble the tiramisu: 2 cups/470ml brewed espresso, warmed 1 teaspoon/5ml rum extract (optional) 1/2 cup/110gms sugar 1/3 cup/75gms mascarpone cheese 36 savoiardi/ ladyfinger biscuits (you may use less) 2 tablespoons/30gms unsweetened cocoa powder Method: For the zabaglione: Heat water in a double boiler. If you don¡¯t have a double boiler, place a pot with about an inch of water in it on the stove. Place a heat-proof bowl in the pot making sure the bottom does not touch the water. In a large mixing bowl (or stainless steel mixing bowl), mix together the egg yolks, sugar, the Marsala (or espresso/ coffee), vanilla extract and lemon zest. Whisk together until the yolks are fully blended and the mixture looks smooth. Transfer the mixture to the top of a double boiler or place your bowl over the pan/ pot with simmering water. Cook the egg mixture over low heat, stirring constantly, for about 8 minutes or until it resembles thick custard. It may bubble a bit as it reaches that consistency. Let cool to room temperature and transfer the zabaglione to a bowl. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight, until thoroughly chilled. For the pastry cream: Mix together the sugar, flour, lemon zest and vanilla extract in a medium heavy-bottomed saucepan. To this add the egg yolk and half the milk. Whisk until smooth. Now place the saucepan over low heat and cook, stirring constantly to prevent the mixture from curdling. Add the remaining milk a little at a time, still stirring constantly. After about 12 minutes the mixture will be thick, free of lumps and beginning to bubble. (If you have a few lumps, don¡¯t worry. You can push the cream through a fine-mesh strainer.) Transfer the pastry cream to a bowl and cool to room temperature. Cover with plastic film and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight, until thoroughly chilled. For the whipped cream: Combine the cream, sugar and vanilla extract in a mixing bowl. Beat with an electric hand mixer or immersion blender until the mixture holds stiff peaks. Set aside. To assemble the tiramisu: Have ready a rectangular serving dish (about 8&quot; by 8&quot; should do) or one of your choice. Mix together the warm espresso, rum extract and sugar in a shallow dish, whisking to mix well. Set aside to cool. In a large bowl, beat the mascarpone cheese with a spoon to break down the lumps and make it smooth. This will make it easier to fold. Add the prepared and chilled zabaglione and pastry cream, blending until just combined. Gently fold in the whipped cream. Set this cream mixture aside. Now to start assembling the tiramisu. Workings quickly, dip 12 of the ladyfingers in the sweetened espresso, about 1 second per side. They should be moist but not soggy. Immediately transfer each ladyfinger to the platter, placing them side by side in a single row. You may break a lady finger into two, if necessary, to ensure the base of your dish is completely covered. (I should have soaked mine longer!!!) Spoon one-third of the cream mixture on top of the ladyfingers, then use a rubber spatula or spreading knife to cover the top evenly, all the way to the edges. Repeat to create 2 more layers, using 12 ladyfingers and the cream mixture for each layer. Clean any spilled cream mixture; cover carefully with plastic wrap and refrigerate the tiramisu overnight. To serve, carefully remove the plastic wrap and sprinkle the tiramisu with cocoa powder using a fine-mesh strainer or decorate as you please. Cut into individual portions and serve. MASCARPONE CHEESE (Source: Vera¡¯s Recipe for Homemade Mascarpone Cheese ) This recipe makes 12oz/ 340gm of mascarpone cheese Ingredients: 474ml (approx. 500ml)/ 2 cups whipping (36 %) pasteurized (not ultra-pasteurized), preferably organic cream (between 25% to 36% cream will do) 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice Method: Bring 1 inch of water to a boil in a wide skillet. Reduce the heat to medium-low so the water is barely simmering. Pour the cream into a medium heat-resistant bowl, then place the bowl into the skillet. Heat the cream, stirring often, to 190 F. If you do not have a thermometer, wait until small bubbles keep trying to push up to the surface. It will take about 15 minutes of delicate heating. Add the lemon juice and continue heating the mixture, stirring gently, until the cream curdles. Do not expect the same action as you see during ricotta cheese making. All that the whipping cream will do is become thicker, like a well-done cr¨¨me anglaise. It will cover a back of your wooden spoon thickly. You will see just a few clear whey streaks when you stir. Remove the bowl from the water and let cool for about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, line a sieve with four layers of dampened cheesecloth and set it over a bowl. Transfer the mixture into the lined sieve. Do not squeeze the cheese in the cheesecloth or press on its surface (be patient, it will firm up after refrigeration time). Once cooled completely, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate (in the sieve) overnight or up to 24 hours. Vera¡¯s notes: The first time I made mascarpone I had all doubts if it¡¯d been cooked enough, because of its custard-like texture. Have no fear, it will firm up beautifully in the fridge, and will yet remain lusciously creamy. Keep refrigerated and use within 3 to 4 days. LADYFINGERS/ SAVOIARDI BISCUITS (Source: Recipe from Cordon Bleu At Home ) This recipe makes approximately 24 big ladyfingers or 45 small (2 1/2&quot; to 3&quot; long) ladyfingers. Ingredients: 3 eggs, separated 6 tablespoons /75gms granulated sugar 3/4 cup/95gms cake flour, sifted (or 3/4 cup all purpose flour + 2 tbsp corn starch) 6 tablespoons /50gms confectioner's sugar, Method: Preheat your oven to 350 F (175 C) degrees, then lightly brush 2 baking sheets with oil or softened butter and line with parchment paper. Beat the egg whites using a hand held electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Gradually add granulate sugar and continue beating until the egg whites become stiff again, glossy and smooth. In a small bowl, beat the egg yolks lightly with a fork and fold them into the meringue, using a wooden spoon. Sift the flour over this mixture and fold gently until just mixed. It is important to fold very gently and not overdo the folding. Otherwise the batter would deflate and lose volume resulting in ladyfingers which are flat and not spongy. Fit a pastry bag with a plain tip (or just snip the end off; you could also use a Ziploc bag) and fill with the batter. Pipe the batter into 5&quot; long and 3/4&quot; wide strips leaving about 1&quot; space in between the strips. Sprinkle half the confectioner's sugar over the ladyfingers and wait for 5 minutes. The sugar will pearl or look wet and glisten. Now sprinkle the remaining sugar. This helps to give the ladyfingers their characteristic crispness. Hold the parchment paper in place with your thumb and lift one side of the baking sheet and gently tap it on the work surface to remove excess sprinkled sugar. Bake the ladyfingers for 10 minutes, then rotate the sheets and bake for another 5 minutes or so until the puff up, turn lightly golden brown and are still soft. Allow them to cool slightly on the sheets for about 5 minutes and then remove the ladyfingers from the baking sheet with a metal spatula while still hot, and cool on a rack. Store them in an airtight container till required. They should keep for 2 to 3 weeks. Thanks again Deeba and Aparna! I¡¯m cold. Now I am not talking just a little cold here, I mean I am bundle up in a bunch of sweaters, fuzzy sock and big slippers, gallons of hot tea being drank, but I still can¡¯t seem to get warm so I guess that¡¯s why my family is eating lots of soups and comfort foods right now! Anything to try and be warm. This chili fit the bill. Needed to simmer on the stove and I knew if would smell just perfect and add the illusion of warmth to the house! Turned out absolutely perfect and I can¡¯t wait for the leftover for dinner tonight! Recipe for the cornbread can be found here ! Turkey and Pinto Bean Chili (adapted from Epicurious.com ) Ingredients: 1 Tbs Olive Oil 1 large onion, chopped 2 medium-size red bell peppers, chopped 6 garlic cloves, chopped 1.5 pounds ground turkey 5 tablespoons chili powder 1 tablespoon ground cumin 1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano 2 15-ounce cans pinto beans, drained 1 15-ounce can of black beans, drained 1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes 3 cups canned low-salt chicken broth 1 ounce semisweet chocolate, chopped Directions: Heat Olive Oil in a large heavy bottom pot. Add onion, bell peppers and garlic and saut¨¦ over high heat until vegetables begin to soften, about 8 minutes. Add turkey and saut¨¦ until no longer pink, breaking up large pieces with back of fork, about 5 minutes. Mix in chili powder, cumin and oregano and stir 1 minute. Add beans, tomatoes with juices, broth and chocolate. Bring chili to boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer uncovered until chili thickens, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour but can be simmered longer for a thicker chili. Season with salt and pepper. What you didn¡¯t know it was Pancake Day today?&#160; Funny isn¡¯t it when you grow up with a tradition and then almost 30, ummmm, maybe more years later you realize that not everyone even knows what it is???&#160; That¡¯s what happened to me this morning with Pancake Day.&#160; I was on twitter (follow me at www.twitter.com/nofearentertain ) and I mentioned that I was making pancakes for the girl¡¯s for Pancake Day.&#160; That¡¯s when I was forced to realize that not everyone celebrated the way we always had.&#160; Here is a good link to some history behind ¡°Pancake Day¡± and all of the other traditions and names that&#160; this one day has!!!&#160; Shrove Tuesday 2010 (Pancake Day) I grew up in Canada and my Mom is from England so that explains why we call it Pancake Day!&#160; What do you call it??? Here is our favorite ¡°Breakfast For Dinner¡± recipe that would be perfect for your dinner on Pancake Day! Apple Pancakes (adapted from Smitten Kitchen ) Ingredients: 2 eggs, well beaten 1 1/2 cups of milk 2 cups all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 cup sugar 1 tsp vanilla extract 1 tsp cinnamon 14 tsp nutmeg 3 medium apples, peeled and coarsely grated (I used macintosh and a honey crisp apple.&#160; You could use any) Directions: 1. Mix the eggs with the milk and vanilla extract in a large bowl. 2. In a smaller bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg together. 3. Combine the wet and the dry ingredients and stir in the apples. 4. Heat a thin layer of oil in an electric skillet on medium heat. Drop large spoonful of batter into the pan and flatten it out a little (otherwise, you might have trouble getting them to cook in the center) and cook until golden brown underneath. Flip the pancakes and cook them for an additional two or three minutes. I sprinkled these with cinnamon sugar and topped them with maple syrup but apple sauce will be great on them too! My sister turned me onto this cookbook. Tosca Reno's Eat Clean Cookbook: Delicious Recipes That Will Burn Fat and Re-Shape Your Body! Heard of it? Pretty incredible recipes. My sister has tried a whole bunch of them but me being the slacker that I am lately have only tried one. But it was good. Really, really good. To the point of being so good that when I told the girls that we were having it again for dinner tonight (slacker and eating up leftovers) they were pretty happy about it again!!! Perfect soup for the cold weather and totally healthy tooÿ Of course I had to make some changes based on what I had available but I stayed true to the real recipe. It was fast and came together perfectly. I made it in the afternoon but left out the pasta and the spinach. When we got home later on I had the girls shower and get ready for bed while I finished it up. This was a perfect make ahead soup for meÿI also figured out that it was 5 Weight Watcher points based on a 1 1/2 cup serving. Zesty Spinach Soup Tosca Reno's Eat Clean Cookbook: Delicious Recipes That Will Burn Fat and Re-Shape Your Body! Ingredients: 2 Tbsp best quality extra virgin olive oil 1 purple onion, peeled and coarsely chopped 1 thick carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped 1 cup chopped celery, including leaves 3 cloves garlic, passed through a garlic press 1 tsp sea salt Pinch of fresh ground black pepper 6 cups of low sodium chicken or vegetable stock (I used 4 cups of stock and 2 cups of water) 2 vegetable or chicken vegetable bouillon cubes (I used 2 tsp of Better Than Bouillon Organic Chicken) 2 cups chopped tomatoes (I used one can of diced and drained some of the juice out, tomato hater in the family) 1/2 cup of well rinsed quinoa (I used 1 cup of uncooked orzo pasta because I couldn¡¯t find quinoa!) 2 cups of white kidney beans, well rinsed and drained 1 tsp curry powder pinch of ground nutmeg 3 cups of baby spinach leaves Directions: Heat oil over medium heat in a large soup pot or Dutch oven. Add onion and saut¨¦ over medium-low heat until translucent. Add carrots, celery, garlic and salt. Saut¨¦ until vegetables are golden, about 5 minutes. Add stock or water. Add bouillon cubes and add to liquid. Add tomatoes, quinoa, beans and spices. Bring to a boil, then cover and simmer over low heat for 15-20 minutes, or until the quinoa is tender. Add the spinach and cover. Cook briefly, just until leaves are wilted. Season with salt and pepper and serve hot with crusty bread. And lucky meÿI grew up eating these!!! The January 2010 Daring Bakers¡¯ challenge was hosted by Lauren of Celiac Teen . Lauren chose Gluten-Free Graham Wafers and Nanaimo Bars as the challenge for the month. The sources she based her recipe on are 101 Cookbooks and www.nanaimo.ca . I almost missed making these.&#160; Something about them having to be posted on the 27th of the month just messes me up bad but with bold determination and severely lacking eyesight I forged ahead and got these done!!! I knew I had to make the graham crackers first.&#160; I had already decided that as interesting as it would be to do them gluten free I really didn¡¯t have the time or the money to be hunting down ingredients I would only be using once so I cheated and made them with Whole Wheat Graham Flour and they really are delicious!!!&#160; I made these this morning and it went off without a hitch.&#160; Had them out of the oven and I was on my way to the eye doctor.&#160; Well. by the time I got home I couldn¡¯t see a thing.&#160; He had tricked me a dilated my eyes.&#160; I was virtually blind, but the DB Challenge must go on!!!&#160; I cut the recipe and copied it and then made it REALLY , REALLY BIG so that I could at least make out the measures.&#160; The whole time I am kicking myself for leaving it til the very last minuteÿ:-( Anywayÿthese turned out beautifully despite all of my self inflicted challenges and it brought back a lot of great childhood memories for me!!! &#160; These were taken after my eyes were dilated by the stupid eye doctor.&#160; I was lucky to find the camera!!! Graham Cracker Recipe (that I used) by Cupcake Project Ingredients: 4 T (1/2 stick) butter, softened 1 egg 6 T sugar 4 T honey (Some graham crackers use half honey and half molasses. You might consider trying that as a variation.) 1/2 t baking soda 2 t water 3/4 t salt 1 1/2 C graham flour (If you can't get a hold of graham flour, there are plenty of graham cracker recipes that use regular whole wheat flour such as this graham cracker recipe from Baking Bites . You may also be able to directly substitute whole wheat flour in this recipe, but I haven't tested it and I make no promises.) 3/4 C all-purpose flour Directions: Preheat the oven to 350 F. Combine the butter, egg and sugar in a bowl and beat until smooth and creamy. Stir in the honey and blend. Dissolve the baking soda in the water and add to the butter mixture. Add the salt, graham flour, and all-purpose flour to the mixture and blend thoroughly. The dough should hold together and be manageable. If it is too &quot;tacky&quot; add a little more graham flour. Liberally dust a surface with graham flour and roll the dough to a thickness of about 1/8 inch. For convenience in handling, cut the rolled dough into three or four sections that will fit on your cookie sheet. (I am not good at rolling things out. It doesn't come up too often since I mostly make cupcakes. To make my life easier, I lined my cookie sheets with parchment paper and rolled the dough directly on the cookie sheets. That way I didn't need to worry about the dough breaking when I lifted it onto a cookie sheet.) With a knife, score the dough, without cutting through, into 2 1/2 inch squares. (Boring! Since your graham crackers are not store-bought, they don't have to be square. Use your cookie cutters to make them any shape you want!) Prick each square a few times with the tines of a fork. (I did this because those little pricks do make them look like graham crackers, whatever shape they are.) Using a spatula, place the sections of scored cracker dough on an ungreased cookie sheet. (I didn't have to do this since I rolled right on the cookie sheet.) Bake on the first side for 8 minutes, then turn the cracker over and bake for another 6 or 7 minutes. (Cheryl of Free Range Living said that she found that flipping wasn't necessary. I agree. I left out the flip step.) Remove from the oven and cool on racks. (They weren't quite crispy when I removed them. However, they hardened up as soon as they cooled.) Here how is the recipe as it should have been done for gluten free: For Gluten-Free Graham Wafers Ingredients 1 cup (138 g) (4.9 ounces) Sweet rice flour (also known as glutinous rice flour) 3/4 cup (100 g) (3.5 ounces) Tapioca Starch/Flour 1/2 cup (65 g) (2.3 ounces) Sorghum Flour 1 cup (200 g) (7.1 ounces) Dark Brown Sugar, Lightly packed 1 teaspoon (5 mL) Baking soda 3/4 teaspoon (4 mL ) Kosher Salt 7 tablespoons (100 g) (3 ? ounces) Unsalted Butter (Cut into 1-inch cubes and frozen) 1/3 cup (80 mL) Honey, Mild-flavoured such as clover. 5 tablespoons (75 mL) Whole Milk 2 tablespoons (30 mL) Pure Vanilla Extract Directions: 1. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade, combine the flours, brown sugar, baking soda, and salt. Pulse on low to incorporate. Add the butter and pulse on and off, until the mixture is the consistency of a coarse meal. If making by hand, combine aforementioned dry ingredients with a whisk, then cut in butter until you have a coarse meal. No chunks of butter should be visible. 2. In a small bowl or liquid measuring cup, whisk together the honey, milk and vanilla. Add to the flour mixture until the dough barely comes together. It will be very soft and sticky. 3. Turn the dough onto a surface well-floured with sweet rice flour and pat the dough into a rectangle about 1 inch thick. Wrap in plastic and chill until firm, about 2 hours, or overnight. 4. Divide the dough in half and return one half to the refrigerator. Sift an even layer of sweet rice flour onto the work surface and roll the dough into a long rectangle, about 1/8 inch thick. The dough will be quite sticky, so flour as necessary. Cut into 4 by 4 inch squares. Gather the scraps together and set aside. Place wafers on one or two parchment-lined baking sheets. Chill until firm, about 30 to 45 minutes. Repeat with the second batch of dough. 5. Adjust the rack to the upper and lower positions and preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit (180 degrees Celsius). 6. Gather the scraps together into a ball, chill until firm, and reroll. Dust the surface with more sweet rice flour and roll out the dough to get a couple more wafers. 7. Prick the wafers with toothpick or fork, not all the way through, in two or more rows. 8. Bake for 25 minutes, until browned and slightly firm to the touch, rotating sheets halfway through to ensure even baking. Might take less, and the starting location of each sheet may determine its required time. The ones that started on the bottom browned faster. 9. When cooled completely, place enough wafers in food processor to make 1 ? cups (300 mL) of crumbs. Another way to do this is to place in a large ziplock bag, force all air out and smash with a rolling pin until wafers are crumbs. Nanaimo Bars Ingredients: For Nanaimo Bars ¡ª Bottom Layer 1/2 cup (115 g) (4 ounces) Unsalted Butter 1/4 cup (50 g) (1.8 ounces) Granulated Sugar 5 tablespoons (75 mL) Unsweetened Cocoa 1 Large Egg, Beaten 1 1/4 cups (300 mL) (160 g) (5.6 ounces) Gluten Free Graham Wafer Crumbs (See previous recipe) 1/2 cup (55 g) (1.9 ounces) Almonds (Any type, Finely chopped) 1 cup (130 g) (4.5 ounces) Coconut (Shredded, sweetened or unsweetened) For Nanaimo Bars ¡ª Middle Layer 1/2 cup (115 g) (4 ounces) Unsalted Butter 2 tablespoons and 2 teaspoons (40 mL) Heavy Cream 2 tablespoons (30 mL) Vanilla Custard Powder (Such as Bird¡¯s. Vanilla pudding mix may be substituted.) 2 cups (254 g) (8.9 ounces) Icing Sugar For Nanaimo Bars ¡ª Top Layer 4 ounces (115 g) Semi-sweet chocolate 2 tablespoons (28 g) (1 ounce) Unsalted Butter Directions: 1. For bottom Layer: Melt unsalted butter, sugar and cocoa in top of a double boiler. Add egg and stir to cook and thicken. Remove from heat. Stir in crumbs, nuts and coconut. Press firmly into an ungreased 8 by 8 inch pan. 2. For Middle Layer: Cream butter, cream, custard powder, and icing sugar together well. Beat until light in colour. Spread over bottom layer. 3. For Top Layer: Melt chocolate and unsalted butter over low heat. Cool. Once cool, pour over middle layer and chill. Okay, I really loved these and despite all of my self inflicted trouble with them I would make them again and again!&#160; Almost every family special occasion that we had we had the on the dessert table.&#160; Such a treat to be able to make these myself.&#160; Thanks Lauren for the opportunity and the reminder! The Social Sciences began experimenting with visualization as early as the 1910s, when Franz Boas applied Kwakiutl place-names to an ordinary map to help him better explain the Kwakiutl world view. In the 1940s, scholars of folklore began abstracting these geographical diagrams into "synoptic diagrams" that showed concepts in relationship to each other. Since that time, scholars around a range of disciplines have used mental maps and synoptic diagrams for their powers at synthesizing a range of information from diverse fields. James A. Notopoulos, ¡°The Symbolism of the Sun and Light in the Republic of Plato. II,¡± Classical Philology 39, no. 4 (October 1944): 223-240. Briefly, visualizations do two things to rational argument that text is very bad at doing. Synoptic diagrams are excellent at getting people on the same page. For this reason, anthropologists in the 1960s used them to synthesize everything known about cultural binaries, making sure that divergent scholars came to a consensus about the shape of world view. For this reason, too, "visual journalists" were hired in Silicon Valley from the 1970s forward to draw synoptic diagrams of a discussion, live. When everything everyone has said in a meeting appears on the wall, visually organized by the proximity of arguments, the meeting tends towards agreement. With a visual record, it's more difficult to suddenly disagree, reposition oneself from the outside or challenge the record. Visual diagrams lend permanence to thoughts and help to establish universal, structural arrangements, organizing all intellectual manifestations. Visual diagrams are also particularly useful for ability to pan out. In a text document, it's often hard to get an overview without relying on an arbitrary abstraction like a table of contents. When reading a map, however, the scholar bends over to see more clearly the detail around a particular city, or steps back to see the nation as a whole. Just so, a visual diagram of an argument allows the reader to very quickly slip between the finite details and the big picture -- making sure that the argument fits exactly where it's supposed to. For both of these reasons, I've found, as a scholar who produces text, that visual diagramming aids both my ability to recall large numbers of facts -- and to organize them into a larger picture without repeating myself. There's much to be said here, but I'll confine myself to mentioning two of my favorite tools and their uses. 1) PersonalBrain Key uses: - Notetaking at conferences/lectures when facts may be needed for later recall - Organizing facts related to an overview of a broader field - Brainstorming in a relatively new subject area - Keeping track of large numbers of dates, characters, and places when these items are new PersonalBrain is a sovereign organizer of images, notes, and web links -- it allows you to drag and drop URL's, jpg's, and text from your daily reading program into a map. A few keystrokes allow you to type "thoughts," quickly linking "up" to "parent thoughts" -- overarching categories (History of Chicago &lt; History of Cities) -- and "down" to "child thoughts" (History of Chicago &gt; Ship and Sanitary Canal ). PersonalBrain is amazing at making million-thought outlines at conferences. Using it to take notes allows you to, over time, create an extended map of your entire knowledge of things-people-have-told-you-about-the-periphery-of-your-field. Say I'm listening to presentations at the Anglo-American Conference, and one of them includes a colleague lecturing on balloon housing in the history of Chicago. When I begin taking notes on "Balloon Housing," I link it to the "History of Chicago." PersonalBrain remembers that I have other notes on the History of Chicago, and suddenly, my two sets of ideas are connected. Everything the colleague now tells me about housing and construction is now linked, however distantly, to the larger thoughts, The History of Chicago and the History of Cities. Should I ever need to locate those thoughts again, there they are, linked up with their related subjects. Over time, these expanding larger categories ("history", "modernity", and "landscape" are key ones in my case) come to be enriched with detailed information garnered from sitting in conferences, job talks, and other lectures. Five years from now, when I'm suddenly called upon to teach an introduction to Western Civilization, there will be my lecture notes: matching my colleague, his references to Chicago, all the notes I took, and any other notes I happen to take on Chicago after now. Say I'm planning that lecture, and want to recall how Chicago fits into everything else I know about modernity. PersonalBrain allows me to pan back from the single-thought view. It creates a map -- weighting thoughts related to each other so that they float near each other. On a big screen, entire branches of knowledge become clear. This flexibility and permanence become rapidly useful when you're juggling large numbers of concepts whose relationship to each other is still unclear to you. A perfect example: rewriting a syllabus. I recently sat down to reconsider the syllabus for a graduate course in Digital History, which I teach at the University of Chicago in Winter 2010-11. The course I teach has three parts -- one, a history of information revolutions since Gutenberg (with readings by Bob Darnton, Adrian Johns, and Ray Kurzweil). Two, an overview of contemporary issues like privacy and copyright (readings by Larry Lessig and Dan Cohen). Three, an introduction to new methods like GIS, network analysis, and collaborative writing. That's a lot of information to teach. The class only goes clearly if one divides up the syllabus nicely into classes where each meeting offers a small dose of each subject. How to make sure I'm covering my bases? Brainstorming with PersonalBrain helped: I outlined issues and grouped texts together before creating time-oriented thoughts like "Week 1" and dividing them. Take it for a whirl: Digital History Syllabus (Hint: the "+" in the menu expands to a more elaborate view; the spider-icon allows you to switch from normal view to expanded view where you start to see the big picture.) Personal Brain's one weakness for my purposes is that it's not designed to allow you to write in paragraphs. Your "idea" is only allowed to be about 40 or so characters long. The program is therefore not ideal for writing essays. Thus, the thousand notes on railways i took at the Huntington Library last year: not so great. They're a beautiful outline. They're wonderful to lecture from. I can rearrange them, elaborate them in the "notes" view, and then export them as a text outline. It's very difficult, however, to work sentence-by-sentence through my notes, to make sure that every thought goes in an explanatory order, and that conclusions follow after facts. Since that visit to the Huntington, I've figured out that a better piece of software for outlining notes that go into essays is MindManager, a mind-mapping program designed to fit seamlessly into Word. 2) MindManager Key uses: - taking notes on a historiography - taking notes for an essay while moving towards the ultimate structure of the essay Mindmanager allows you to take notes on a project and move them around in a 3d map until they make sense. Because the essay view is synoptic, the writer's eye can constantly move back up the tree hierarchy -- to make sure that this thought is in the right place -- and down the tree hierarchy -- to make sure that every statement is thoroughly supported with adequate evidence. The essay is written as a branching tree. Each sentence and paragraph can be dragged-and-dropped into place; entire sections can be rearranged, with their entire structure intact, into the linear flow of the essay. In this way, the essay's structure is constantly being reorganized for clearer flow. The writer has the ability to easily zoom in and out of a particular view. As one zooms out, viewing the entire essay as a map, blank spaces of insufficient support become visually clear. That ability alone decreases the chances of convincing oneself that one has adequately supported a point only to remember, when printing the essay out, that insufficient evidence has been cited. Such tools increase the writer's chances of catching redundancies early, and decrease the likelihood of writing and rewriting the same essay over and over again. A few weeks' work suggests that Mindmanager doubles the writing speed of an average essay, at least. Once the thoughts are organized in what seems to be their proper shape, sufficiently elaborated, the writer exports to a text document. The visual, hierarchical mindmap instantly becomes a linear essay. However: MindManager doesn't allow you to make the million-point 3d map of your own brain. It's marvelous for moving from a visual brainstorming diagram of main points down to support; it's less good at creating permanent ideas in a branching tree of knowledge, giving large ideas permanence, and making connections where none previously existed. For brilliant note-taking at conferences where people are throwing you information you might need to find again in 5 years -- much better to use Personal Brain. For my own purposes, I've chosen to adopt both tools for different uses. I use PersonalBrain for taking notes in other people's lectures -- for organizing my knowledge of things of general interest -- and mindmanager for taking notes specific to your own project -- for turning note cards into essays. Credit where credit is due: Thanks to Jerry Michalski and Cathrine Dam for plugging me in! The depression didn't start on Wall Street; it started in Flint, Michigan several decades ago. Thirty years ago, city elders in the Rust Belt announced their plan to rescue economic elites from the sinking ship of car manufacture. Ominously dubbed "Shrinking Cities," the plan evicted tax-delinquent working-class people from their homes and resold the remaining houses on double-wide lots..., (my article continues at the Huffington Post: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jo-guldi/the-anti-development-cris_b_392743.html ) What are we to think about industrial decay? Should cities like post-Katrina New Orleans or Flint, be cut off, left to drown in their own economic failures? It is not a new question. In the 1890s, the Gold Rush of '49 was old news; new types of mining opened industrial sites elsewhere and the boomtowns of California, Nevada, and Utah turned into ghost towns overnight. They were the instant subject of articles and guidebooks for automobile tourists . In 1967, someone published an atlas of them. Ghost towns represented the spatial end of history, and they were not the first candidates for talking about that subject. Crumbling buildings in slumside London and New York suggested the limits of development; entire regions slid into poverty with the shift of economic currents. Scotland's promising industrial revolution crashed after the 1850s; the American South was haunted by racial strife and soil exhaustion after the civil war. The limits of development were obvious; the traveler had only to look at the ghetto and the national periphery to raise difficult questions. For political economists of a sanguine temperament, crumbling peripheries simply evidenced the existence of racial hierarchy and the undeserving poor. Places that slid into starvation, such as Ireland, would be corrected by the market. Zones of underdevelopment were zones of opportunity, looked at correctly; if the undeserving Irish refused to labor, foreign investment would eventually develop their island. By the long depression of the 1870s, however, few writers could feel so bold about the places where depression hit. The economic disintegration of Scotland and the American South, the collapse of California boomtowns, and the constantly decaying stock of city slums all suggested . The burning of Paris under the commune reminded all that other futures were possible. - It is possible to map the places where such questions come up. In the nineteenth century, the zones where ghost towns seemed significant were a peculiar reflection of liberalism's failures. Collapse made travelers curious about the linked fates of home and empire. Archaeological sites in India and Persia made British administrators quiver at how easily their own empire might collapse. Roman ruins in England reminded Conrad and Masefield that all empires were fragile. The naturalist W. H. Hudson felt relieved when Roman walls were hidden by ivy. Such a curtain, he thought, should cover over all such failures of history lest men be discouraged. In Afoot in England (1909), a volume on birdwatching, Hudson quoted a Spanish poet whose name had lapsed to the same effect: ¡°What of Rome; its world-conquering power, and majesty and glory ? what has it come to?¡± Where progress itself was questioned, the next step was to ask whether ghost regions represented the future. Popular fantasy novels explored how free individuals would rise from the sites of decay. Abandoned cities set the scene for both H. Rider Haggard's She (1887) and later Edgar Rice Burrough's Tarzan (1912). Hudson's 1887 novel, A Crystal Age , predicted a that the twenty-first century would turn its back on both industrialization and cities, reinventing a rural paganism where the names of both Queen Victoria and Moses were equally forgotten. - What I found I really wanted to do, reading through these travel stories about decay, was to map the first places that came up when I asked Google Books or other archives for nineteenth-century texts with the words "crumbling cities" or "decaying cities" or "ghost cities" or "ghost towns." Where were they first noted, these cases of urban decay -- in Scotland? in California? on the fringes of empire? I needed a ten-minute map of a few -- say the first hundred -- just to trigger my mind. What are the patterns of disruption? Where was the periphery decaying? I turned to twitter for advice. Thanks to the amazing Bethany Nowviskie , digital guru at UVA, and Schuyler Erle of Brooklyn, for lending a hand. Thanks to Geomaker for the first working map. Nineteenth-century hits for "crumbling cities": Today, urban explorers , kids who break into abandoned buildings in the Rust Belt, see it before other people do. That geography is significant for a very important reason. Travelers who left zone of prosperity began to write about both history and the future in ways that challenged the dogmas of liberal progress. In losing their faith, they gained the ability to see around the curve of time. The map of decaying places, in other words, is invaluable to those trying to understand either history or their fate. Deindustrialization may be the future, after all; it was in Britain's future, and it may well be in America's. A geography of decay becomes the map of fantasies about alternatives to liberalism. My project, The Memory Machine, recently screened at the annual meeting of the History of Science Society, was filmed at the Detroit Book Depository. From 1923, when Melanie Klein published her psychological studies of children playing in sandboxes, to 1977, when the first studies of place cells were published, the primary field of new research in the mental processing of the landscape was child psychology. Piaget and Donald Winnicott claimed claimed to study the ¡°infant¡¯s point of view.¡± Piaget observed children drawing objects and discerned the lack of a sense of a Cartesian grid in their mental worlds; things that were emotionally near were reached for as if physically near. The psychoanalyst Edith Cobb, embarking on a long-term study of childhood experience, identified a formative period between five and twelve, when most of a child¡¯s energy was directed not towards parents or friendships but rather towards place. At this age, she wrote, ¡°the natural world is experienced in some highly evocative way, producing in the child a sense of some profound continuity with natural processes and presenting overt evidence of a biological basis of intuition.¡± Play for the infant, Winnicott argued, happened in a space with neither ¡°inner psychic reality¡± nor ¡°external reality.¡± He describes a dialectic between merging with mother and separation that is reduplicated with every nonliving object around the child, in particular blankets, teddy-bears, or other cherished objects that the child can alternately caress and attack, treating one moment as the human extension of her own body and the next as an insensate object, its button eyes to be torn out. The sense of self and otherness is therefore gradually formed in the ¡°potential space between the individual and the environment.¡± The environment becomes thus infested with creative play that invests all objects in the immediate landscape with valuation, extrapolation, and association. Cobb showed children Rorschach tests and watched them play in sand boxes. She observed with fascination how the children seemed to express emotional attachment in play with objects more vividly than with people or animals. ¡°I became acutely aware that what a child wanted to do most of all,¡± she wrote, ¡°was to make a world in which to find a place to discover a self.¡± Winnicott defined two different kinds of childhood learning about the environment: the first, ¡°favourable¡± outcome happens an abundance of individual symbols and fascinations projected onto the environment: ¡°the potential space becomes filled with the products of the baby's own creative imagination.¡± The landscape where childhood play is allowed becomes ¡°sacred to the individual¡± as the place where she ¡°experiences creative living.¡± This is the world of play, characterized by a sense of wonder, free enjoyment, and easy association that Winnicott lauds as giving children a sense of the fullness of their own potential and the many riches of experience. It takes the form of turning any landscape into a magical wonderland, invested with the potential of encountering fairies or taking adventure. The second outcome, Winnicott argued, would happen in cases of ¡°failure of environmental reliability,¡± when a baby absorbs adults¡¯ perspectives on the environment. This form of learning teaches the child about zones of danger and safety, but discourages play, and so, Winnicott concludes, is less consistent with the individual development of an internal life, of the ability to critique authority, or of risk-taking behavior outside. Individual imagination in safe childhood exploration of landscape was thus set up against collective order of the environment and the manufacture of a disciplined, uncritical subject. Most adults, Winnicott argues, have experience of both playspace and discipline. Mature adults can return to access their mental worlds of play, the space of ¡°unintegration,¡± which he defines as a ¡°day-dream-like¡± state where fantasy, dream, and real world meet, inner projections applied and then separated from real-world objects, the limits of self and other readjusted. Only by relating to the landscape, he thought, did children have the opportunity of distinguishing themselves as independent entities, of parsing ¡°the nature and interrelationship of inner and outer objects and worlds.¡± (Photo thanks: cc 2006 Ian ) Social science today has an opportunity to create an online infrastructure for social valuation that becomes participatory to a degree far exceeding the contemporary rule. While nineteenth-century social scientists worked for government elites, an online infrastructure designed to illuminate world view would place the tools of cultural observation within reach of many minds. Opening up representation of landscape has the opportunity to directly channel participation into urban planning, tax policy, housing policy, social services, and other aspects of the representation and administration of the physical landscape. It is hoped that application, articles, and videos will pioneer a new role for social science in the era of social networking technology, and foreground the cause of democratizing social science¡¯s power. So long as government interests dominated the social sciences, the work of the social scientist aimed at influencing the work of the national government. Historian, sociologist and geographer worked to describe cases of state success and failure, expectant that the state would build according to their plans. The end of that political relationship opens up a radical opportunity. Social scientists in the age of the internet have the opportunity to work directly on behalf of communities without the interface of government. In the age of the internet, radical participatory information exchanges, market and political exchanges replace much of the work of the state. In such a setting, many of the social science¡¯s traditional roles become irrelevant. Social scientists no longer advise a state in charge of designing public spaces where members of identity groups can safely meet. Informal, market-driven social servers such as LinkedIn.com, Facebook.com, and Myspace.com become significant forums for social exchange. Social scientists such as danah boyd have documented the divides of race and class in these sites. But who do they advise? There are no urban planners overseeing Facebook. Few social scientists have explored the radical opportunities available at the level of design. Launched from independent geeks, corporate start-ups, and computer science departments, new applications spring up constantly, tweaking the infrastructure of social exchange. One application allows Flickr.com photos to appear on Facebook¡¯s wall. Another shows the user a rotating cloud of all the pictures semantically related to a given search term. Fundamentally, these applications are about making connections; their success actually depends upon broadening the internet¡¯s infrastructure to become as participatory as possible. One of the greatest challenges to participatory exchange on the internet is the limit of transcultural boundaries. Users¡¯ gender, class, race, and identity are obscured online, surfacing as an invisible law of self-association. Reduplicating the isolation of society at large, affluent whites on the internet share information with affluent whites, while the children of immigrants or immigrants themselves populate. Here the history of the academic disciplines provides insight. Social scientists employed by the state once combated ethnic segregation in the city by prescribing programs such as public housing designed to enhance identity assimilation. Their work tended to generalize racial differences into differences of violence, gender organization, and attitudes towards work. Armed with new forms social expertise ? planners, architects, and geographers ? charged with managing the boundaries between cultural worlds, based upon the assumption that the only way world views could be reconciled at large was through the management of the state. Nowhere was this trend clearer than among the experts who embarked upon a discipline new to the twentieth century, the study of cities. Urban scholarship flourished around what was becoming known as the ¡°urban crisis,¡± the post-civil-rights-era phenomenon of black inner-cities ringed by ethnically divided white suburbs. Intellects as diverse as economist Edward Glaeser, geographer David Harvey and historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr. examined the historical health of urban administration with an eye to the future of racial integration in America. Geographers asked whether overcrowding in public housing contributed to interracial violence. Child psychologists asked whether access to green spaces influenced the development of creative powers. Social scientists intended to describe the ideal city, and they expected the state to build it. Their efforts, frequently belittling or primitivizing minority ethnicities, urged their students to concentrate upon designing a single, ideal, national landscape: a design for cities, frequently modernist, that would help immigrants of many backgrounds to assimilate to the same culture. By ignoring difference, they hoped to efface it. Their trajectory was marked by failure, and by the year 2000, Chicago and St. Louis were tearing down the housing projects erected under that regime. Faith in expert management of cultural infrastructure by sociologists and psychologists gave rise to an unprecedented level of authority being given modern urban planning. The public housing projects erected under their charge took American and British neighborhoods out of the hands of the local ethnic minorities who had built them. Far from the master travelers envisioned by early students of world view, twentieth-century planning aimed to assimilate ethnic minorities by effacing cultural difference. By contrast, in advising and enabling the oversight of design for online infrastructure, academics in the social sciences can facilitate collaborative knowledge making by communities about themselves. When the geographer Peter Gould sat down to write his autobiography in 1990, he looked over a career of mapping the perceptual spaces of Swedes, Tanzanians and college students. Over that life, he had repeatedly claimed that his major contribution to knowledge had been primarily in the service of the state. Gould was the man who figured out how to draw a picture of the version of the nation in a given individual¡¯s head: ask the person to name all the cities they can in the United States; map those. The results remind us that human beings live in worlds of constructed of personal experience, not in atlases. New Yorkers can name all the boroughs and a smattering of places on the East Coast; Chicagoans can name factories in the Midwest with no resonance at all in San Francisco. The studies he produced were magically suggestive of the distance between worlds: children of fishermen can name and draw every cove round an island; not so those who live on the mainland. Even the citizens of relatively homogenous civilizations, he suggested, could be separated by experience into separate universes of perception, interest, and prejudice. For most of his career, Gould, like the geographers of his generation, claimed that these findings should interest state bureaucrats. Writing about his first ¡°mental maps¡± in 1968, he claimed that his audience was bureaucrats ¡°in government service¡± concerned with ¡°income differentials¡± and the potential for relocating ¡°migratory movements¡± in line with industry. Brian Berry of the University of Chicago was even more explicit, announcing to the Annual Conference of the Institute of British Geographers in 1970 that in the new world of ¡°meritocratic ¨¦lites,¡± geographers found themselves servants to the ¡°needs of public policy.¡± He imagined a world where geographers would project the cities of the future that were ¡°most likely to emerge in the future with and without public intervention¡± and so help functionaries decide and find the tools to shape the most preferable community possible. This was hardcore social engineering: the idea was that geographers, like psychologists and other social scientists, would aid the twentieth-century state in helping poor people and people of minority races to assimilate, or failing that, in Berry¡¯s words, to ¡°monitor¡± contemporary developments and so apprise authorities of outbreaks of danger before they happened. Geographers varied in which elites they thought they were advising. David Harvey¡¯s early work specifically targeted the reform of federal mortgage administration. Yi-Fu Tuan emphasized not policy but rather urban planning, and hoped that his literary analyses of landscape would help designers to achieve ¡°a habitat in concert with the full potential of our being.¡± Geographers varied as to which areas they thought most merited intervention. Gould claimed that his personal contribution was establishing that isolated islanders had trouble learning about jobs on the mainland; Ley and Cybriwsky used graffiti to discern the most troubled areas of black-Puerto Rican conflict in Philadelphia. Harold Rose defined the city center from St. Louis to Atlanta as a ¡°high risk homicide environment.¡± Brian Barry was most worried about the poor blacks and white elderly isolated in the impoverished hinterland. Geography was to be the psychological surveillance arm of the state, tracing the zones of isolation and despair emerging around America, in order to more intelligently apply some combination of architecture, welfare, and policing. A significant group of geographers directed their findings towards the state's management of race. The Chicago School of sociology had mapped racial segregation of Chicago¡¯s neighborhoods since the 1930s, but by blending of psychology and their mapping skills, a new generation of geographers began to rival them. Edward T. Hall¡¯s study of public and private space, The Hidden Dimension (1966), blended studies of rats and slums to argue that overcrowded cities produced escalating acts of violence and decreasing fertility among females. The studies exploded in the 1960s, offering explanations to confused white Democrats who demanded to know why the passage of the 1965 Equal Rights Act had only resulted in further riots in Watts and Detroit. Applying terms like ¡°overcrowding,¡± ¡°territoriality,¡± and ¡°isolation,¡± geographers charged into the causes and consequences of racial segregation in cities. The geographers located answers in American zones of isolation and hopelessness. Bill Bunge organized his fellow professors into the Detroit Geographical Expedition, leading frequent trips to document the slums of Detroit and later Toronto. Their findings were equally provocative. In 1968, the Society published a map entitled ¡°Where Commuters Run Over Black Children on the Pointes-Downtown Track.¡± Life and death, they argued, were not merely the commodities available to any hard-working American, but hung upon the thread of a special kind of privilege, the privilege of safe territory. That privilege became all the more identifiable in the wake of a series of geographical investigations of racial covenants, which forbid people of color from owning property, and redlining, the practice setting racial qualifications for home loans within certain neighborhoods. Geographers documented the problem in 1960 and 1972, and in David Harvey explained that the high price of mortgages for blacks in Baltimore justified all Marx had said about the direct relationship between high rents and social exclusion. Describing the deep structuration of the urban crisis became the geographer¡¯s favorite tool. Addressing the Association of American Geographers in 1978, its president, Harold Rose, coined the term ¡°geography of despair¡± to interpret rising figures for homicide in black neighborhoods. Geographical investigation and race questions and climaxed in Zev Chafet¡®s much-acclaimed Devil¡¯s Night (1990), a book that defined the recent spate of black-on-black arson as reaction to white flight in a scene of hopelessness. Black hopelessness, among the social geographers, as the greatest social crisis of the moment, justified their concern. With so much evidence, it was all the more easy for implacable black hopelessness to become a convention of American belief. The surveying of racial crisis began with advising the state necessarily distanced the geographer from the place he described. Whatever the revolutions within geographers¡¯ hearts, most of them reported, like Gould, to the state, more frequently advising urban planners, architects, and task forces than grassroots networks. They wrote about sexuality and violence in the slum. Rather than creating sympathy with the victims of race and class, their reports read like porn to the white audiences who consumed them. In The Hidden Dimension, Edward Hall drew parallels between overcrowded rats and contemporary black neighborhoods, indicting both as ¡°behavioral sinks.¡± Documenting the spread of graffiti from ghetto backstreets to public highways in 1972, David Ley and Roman Cybriwsky explained a ¡°behavioral primitive¡± akin to animals marking out territory. Even when taking a conciliatory attitude, privileged observers defined their subjects as the passive victims of environmental forces. Rose wrote of his study of homicide, ¡°Youth who find difficulty establishing themselves in American society are less prone to abide by the norms of the larger society,¡± the direct result of which was untamed aggression among black and hispanic males, lashing out against strangers. Friedmann and Miller concluded, w Humble living does not diminish. It fills. Going back to a simpler self gives wisdom. When a man makes up a story for his child, he becomes a father and a child &nbsp;together, listening. Before death takes away what you are given, give away what is there to give. No dead person grieves for his death. He mourns only what he didn't do. Wy did I wait? Why did I not . . . ? Why did I neglect to . . . ? I cannot think of better advice to send. I hope you like it. May you stay in your infinity. Peace. "One hundred and forty-seven of Rumi's letters survive. Many of them contain lines of poetry composed while writing the letters." The taste of today is not that of yesterday. A pot boils over. A watchman calls down the ladder, Did you hear the commotion last night from the seventh level? Saturn turns to Venus and tells her to play the strings more gently. Taurus milk runs red. Leo slinks from the sky. Strange signs, because of a word that comes from the soul to help us escape from speaking and concepts. I answer the nightwatchman, You will have to assign meanings for these ominous events. I have been set free from the hunt, the catching and the being caught, to rest in these dregs of flood residue, pure and empty. The open sky drinks from their circling cup. The sun wears the gold of their generosity. When two of them meet, they are no longer two. They are one, and six hundred thousand. The ocean waves are their closest likeness when wind makes from unity the numerous. This happened to the sun, and it broke into rays. The disc of the sun does exist, but if you see only the ray-bodies, you may have doubts. The human-divine combination is a oneness. Plurality, the apparent separation into rays. Friends, we are traveling together. Throw off your tiredness. Let me show you one tiny spot of the beauty that cannot be spoken. I am like an ant that has gotten into the granary, ludicrously happy, and trying to lug out a grain that is way too big. Sufi masters are those whose spirits existed before the world. Before the body, they lived many lifetimes. Before seeds went into the ground, they harvested wheat. Before there was an ocean, they strung pearls. While the great meeting was going on about bringing human beings into existence, they stood up to their chins in wisdom water. When some of the angels opposed creation, the Sufi sheikhs laughed and clapped among themselves. Before materiality, they knew what it was like to be trapped inside matter. Before there was a night sky, they saw Saturn. Before wheat grains, they tasted bread. With no mind, they thought. Immediate intuition to them is the simplest act of consciousness, what to others would be epiphany. Much of our thought is of the past, or the future. They are free of those. Before a mine is dug, they judge coins. before vineyards, they know the excitements to come. In July, they feel December. In unbroken sunlight, they find shade. In fana , the state where all objects dissolve, they recognize objects. Again it happens in my sleep. A core of wakefulness opens. But I have ways of ignoring that. You say, How long will you beg from others, when there are things born of you that emperors want? Why waste time in meanness? Who else can say what you say to me? If I could repeat it, people passing by would be enlightened and go free. You are an ocean in my chest where everyone changes places, believer-unbeliever, cynic-lover, dervish-king. Last night you came to my sleep asking, How are you? Locked out of life, waiting, weeping.  Back. Bigger. Better. Ok so I achieved 1 out of 3 of my promised Bs. I'm Back. Not bigger nor better, but I said I'd be back in February and we have a week of February left, so here I am. I'm so out of the blogging loop that I'm not even sure where to begin today. Thank you to everyone who sent me emails of support, kindness and friendship after my last blog post following the passing of my beloved best friend Alli. I'm sorry I couldn't reply to all of you, I did read them all and it was so touching to know that people from all over the world had sent their love. I have enjoyed my time offline but I'm pleased to back sharing my stories and cruising the blogosphere again. In the past five months my life has bounced up and down and up again. Constant, has been the love of family and friends and the really wonderful times I have with my little Tinker. Here we are below last week in Fiji enjoying a little family escape. My husband captured such a peaceful moment, we had a really relaxing time. Unless you count the feral hyper child on the plane. That sweet little redhead of mine is a hideous plane traveller! I'll be back soon with more news. So much has happened, I'm not even sure where to begin blogging again. I will put my thinking cap on with regards to achieving the other two Bs as promised. xx News flash! My blog will be back, bigger and better than ever in February. I've missed you all and can't wait to catch up again soon. Til then, that's all folks! xCarolyn In loving memory of my beloved best friend, Tinker's adored Godmother. Alli passed away yesterday after a long and courageous fight with cancer. Now she can finally rest peacefully. I will miss her always, forever my best friend, soulmate, Tinker's Godmother. xx This photo was taken just a few weeks ago. Special memories. Hi -big daggy wave- remember me? My surgery had to be cancelled because of an annoying infection in my lungs and now what was to be one little op is now going to be two little ops so I'm taking a little more time out while we work out the schedule of those and fuss about with phone calls to my favourite people ever. Hope you don't mind? I promise I'll be back soonish. I'll try to update my twitter account as well. My beautiful best friend Alli is in the hospital and she is very very ill so if you are the praying type I'd ask you to please get your prayers on and if you are not the praying type then please keep our beautiful girl in your thoughts. xxCarolyn image credit www.mauronne.com This beautiful image is courtesy of etsy seller lynndavis . Stunning isn't it? My friends I bid you farewell for a very short while. I will be back on the 14 th September, bigger and better. Ok well I'd prefer to be thinner and better but with all the genius inventions going on at my place I reckon I'll be double my size in 2 weeks. I am having an operation and I'll be out of action for a wee while. Don't worry I'll be just fine and I'll be back soon. I have a few exciting projects to share with you all on my return. Take care and I'll see you soon. Just don't ditch me for any of those perfect glamazon super mum blogs while I'm gone will you? x Carolyn This week's amazing giveaway had me wishing I could enter myself! I adore Gingerlilly Sleepwear, the fabric, the colours, the sexy but comfy designs and of course the gorgeous matching gift boxes... Someone is about to feel very very lucky. The little Tinker picked the winner first thing this morning under the watchful gaze of Henry and Beatrice. So, who won? -click pictures to enlarge- The 5th entrant. Who was that? Quick go back and count down... Simone you lucky duck, you are the winner!! Shoot me an email with your size and address and I will forward the details on to the lovely Vanessa so she can send out your prize. Thank you all for entering and providing such great comment about sleepwear design I think they will really be interest to Vanessa and her team. Of course the biggest thanks goes to Vanessa, thank you again for supporting Stepford Dreams with your amazing Gingerlilly Sleepwear . We love your store! xx The little Tinker is mad about funny animal videos on YouTube. I made the mistake of showing her one video of a swimming cat and ever since, she demands a new video once a day. Today's video is this silly fat cat dancing. She howls laughing and says "ok now watch it again please" over and over again. So you can thank Tinker for this week's FFF. Have a great Friday and a great weekend! Not one to blow my own horn, well not too loudly anyway... however on this occasion I feel that it is warranted. I have invented something so spectacular, something so ingenious that I may have to shut down this blog to keep up with the hoards of fans I'm likely to get once I tell you about my latest feat of brilliance. For the non-Aussies, it may not be clear why this is so fantastic but if you have ever tried a Kingston biscuit you will know that it is impossible to keep a packet in your pantry for more than oh 12 hours. Right? Well yesterday in a flash of creativity I created my very own Kingston biscuit only it's better. Seriously. Masterchef watch out because I am now the champion. Those two blonde bogans with the patronising piercing voices from QLD who are famous for 4 ingredient recipes also need to watch out because this brilliant invention requires only 2 ingredients. ANZAC biscuits and Nutella . Genius. Get 2 ANZAC biscuits and put 2 spoonfuls of Nutella between them. That is all you need to do. Now, step away from the computer, go to your pantry and try it. What kind of Aussie mum has a pantry lacking ANZAC biscuits? Now get your Nutella and get going. All those size zero glamazon mummies with your 26 children in matching outfits, your perfect show homes and your handmade, home made fancy pants everything can go and sulk in the corner with your pipe cleaners and home made spelt pretzels because this invention trumps everything. I dare you to come back here and tell me I'm not not a genius. edited to add: I've had quite a few emails from some of my overseas readers. Now don't panic. You will not miss out on my genius because the ANZAC spirit is lacking in your "cookie" aisle. Yes we say biscuit and you say cookie. Click here for my previous ANZAC post, if you scroll down you will see I have a really dead easy recipe for you to make the ANZAC biscuits at home. Even I can't ruin them, easy easy easy.  Suppose you want to buy a cart horse. Of course for most of us, this isn't likely but for a lot of people it is much like buying a used car. You need to look it over to see that there are no dings and scratches and then you need to see how well it accelerates and so on. But how to do that? At some of the horse fairs they tie a wheel of a cart to keep in from rolling and then ask the horse to move it quickly. Every so often I go to get some more dog food for the ridiculous number of dogs who live at my farm. As I sit in the jeep waiting for 10 bags of kibble to be carried to me I look at a shop right next door where they do something to cars, I believe. I've never seen them do it, but they have an interesting array of objects hanging over the sidewalk. I wonder what they are. This young man took me back to my childhood in a flash. The joys of dangling a hook and line into a body of water, no matter how faint the possibilities of catching a fish, had to be some of the greatest in the world. A week ago I was hosting a group of high school students at the farm and their bus managed to run off the dirt road into a ditch. My jeep isn't exactly big enough to drag even a small school bus back to the track, but happily my neighbours happened to have a bulldozer handy. They came over and very, very carefully lifted the bus back onto the road. What would we do without our neighbours? This is a lovely balady Arab mare with her sturdy mule son at her side. He's only two months old now so by the time he's weaned, he will know pretty much everything he needs to know about driving. The horse fair refreshment stand at the horse fair is a tiny bit spare. But it got lots of business from the buyers and sellers of horses, donkeys, and equipment get thirsty bargaining. While on a shopping trip with friends in Old Cairo we saw this man repairing folding chairs with new seats and backs. The sticks to his right are parts of garden umbrellas. Good repairs on things here are not very expensive and most people will repair rather than replace. A lot of work in Egypt is done in the street. There are some big garages that can repair cars inside but on Road 9 there is a well-known mechanic who works in the road outside a small shop containing parts. When business is slow, there's usually a place to sit. Temperatures at Lola can hit 90oF with 100% humidity. Here is Manono, our Olympic swimmer having a little dipphoto: David Reid Not sure if you remember the furore of the bigfoot photo where someone actually took my photos and entered it into a bigfoot competition! but now the original bigfoot, Bandundu, has finally grown some hair. Which is lucky b/c now her baby has something to hold onto!photo: David Reid I always love photos of the photos with the lilies - they look so romantic - liek htey're just inhaling their faint heady scent. But actually it's the scene before they chomp them up - which doesn't look so romantic - petals shredded everywhere. I've heard of bonobos foraging for pith (the bit inside the lily stem)- that ties into Richard Wrangham's theory of the aquatic ape. And bonobos do hae a bit of webbing between their 2nd and 3rd toe.But I haven't heard of them eating flowers before...photo: David Reid This is little Bisengo, who I have known since he was born. He is the perfect example of an alpha bonobo. So we usually say that the females are in charge of bonobo groups, but actually it the babies - especially a little prince like Bisengo who can get anything he wants! If there is a grape within even 10 feet of Bisengo, it's his, no matter who else is around!Bisengo is quite a little climber - maybe a prime candidate for the release project?  Something to finish off your outfit from the previous post? I love these beautiful jewel encrusted bangles from Emma Cassi's new collection. I know many of you loved my frilled dress from a few posts ago so here is a little collection of shear spring delicates that can be layered together from Topshop. The shopping centre is a danger zone for me and my credit card at the moment. Probably need to get some blinkers fitted to stop me peeking in the windows and seeing all the pretty dresses on display. I had such a lazy weekend, never even got out of my pyjamas or left the house. I need to get up and baking soon and then get out in that beautiful sunshine that is blazing through my windows. Have a great Monday I hope you haven't all had to work? I love the wonder on the faces of the train passengers as they get off the train at Carlisle station after one of Homebase's guerilla makeovers. How fun would it be to randomly do one of these makeovers in your neighbourhood? Maybe I will take on a park bench or bus shelter of my own when warmer weather finally arrives. I can't believe it is Thursday already. I had such a lovely weekend, chilly but lovely, we spent Sunday in Lewes. Breakfast at Bills, I had grilled vine tomatoes - rocket, basil and balasamic on toasted sourdough. We peeked in a few shops, then came home. A rosy setting sun and supper from Middle Farm. Sweet apples with bread and cheese. The rest of the week has flown by. I am so looking forward to Spring, this new cold snap is lasting so long. Up early to add a few new paper garlands to the shop before I head out, I have the day off today and after a week of bitter cold but sunny days today of course is grey grey grey. Although there is a tiny crack in the clouds a seam of light which makes me hopeful. Maybe I will meet my friend and be able to drink my coffee outside? Still obsessing over ruffles of all kinds, especially ones made of frothy lace and chiffon then encrusted with sequins and beads. You will have to bear with me as I think this is an everlasting condition. Todays close ups are from the Elie Saab Spring 2010 couture collection over at Style.com After a wild night out I woke up on Sunday morning to find this beautiful film in my mailbox. A real day saver. I instantly fell in love. With the styling the music and Alison's red hair. I will watch it over and over. This stop motion short was made by Angela Kohler and her boyfriend Ithyle, with Alison Sudol from A Fine Frenzy. I know you will enjoy the film as much as me, So I sent Angela over some questions and I am so glad she had time to answer them. Pop over and take a look at Angela's wonderful portfolio too. What was the inspiration behind this piece? We wanted to make a visual journey, and we collaborated with Alison from the beginning, talking about the motifs that she likes in her personal life and in her music. We went to flea markets and picked up objects that inspired us, then we built the piece around all of those elements. How long did it take to make? 3 days. We built the fake floor in our studio in one day, then shot the film in 2 days. When we were done Ali was pretty sore and from laying on her back on a wood floor for so long, and we all had a few splinters. It took a week to clean up. Were there any parts of the film that were particularly hard to capture? The Ocean scene was an experiment with string. We thought it would look amazing and flow, but it was really hard to get the enormous pile of yarn to be hidden behind her skinny little waist before it began to stretch to the edges of the frame. She was teetering on this giant yarn ball trying to be comfortable. And our dog kept running off with pieces of it. Who is the music by ? Alison Sudol of A Fine Frenzy (who is the main character in the piece) crafted the music to fit the film and Butch Walker engineered and produced it. Where or who are all the dresses from / made by? Most of the clothing was vintage. Who or what are some of your creative influences? We are inspired by things around us. Old things. Things with texture and history. We do a lot of "hey look at this" to each other. I think if it is beautiful, it inspires us. Do you have anymore that you are working on? We are currently working on a series of advertisements for the Amazon Kindle as well as a bunch of personal projects, we are a little OCD, there is always some idea that we can't keep our minds off of. Thanks again Angela. Happy Saturday. I am so in love with everything pretty. Always have been. So it should be with extra caution that I set foot on the high street right now. But alas it is reckless abandon that rules my heart when I see all these vintage style sugared almond coloured frills and layers. If I promise to wear them every day will that go a little towards making up for my shopping misdemeanours?  Fun tea towels can really perk up a kitchen (and they make great present wrapped around a bottle of wine). I like these friendly whales . P.S. More dish towels . (Via Lena ) Now that we're so close to meeting our little guy , I've been gazing at babies on the street and looking up baby photos on flickr. I just can't get enough of babies! This flickr photo called " brushing our teeth " is so cute, it makes my heart hurt. Love this anchor tote (and it's denim!). Only $20 from A.P.C. Everyone hopes for sun on their wedding days, but sometimes rain and fog can be even more romantic, don't you think? Emily and Jasen got hitched in the Hudson Valley on a foggy day, and their photos are magical. P.S. A very rainy wedding . (Photos by Our Labor of Love ) My sweet readers, what are you up to this weekend? Alex and I are actually escaping to Los Angeles and Palm Springs for a week, for a final vacation before the baby arrives. We rented this cottage in L.A., and will be staying at the Ace Hotel in Palm Springs. I'm so excited to go swimming and just relax. Next week, I've scheduled some favorite photographs to post every day, so please continue to visit, if you'd like. Meanwhile, here are a few great posts from around the web...xoxo Oh my goodness, this baby was born in a CAB ! Spring lip colors . Yummy-looking sandwich . Green postcards . (Just add water.) Love this braid . Funny cafe sign . This post makes me so wanderlusty! Pretty print . This made me laugh. " I'd Rather Be Thrifting ." (I know about twenty girls who need that print.) Cute sailing tee . San Francisco is so gorgeous. The Luther burger would give you a heart attack but it might be worth it. What a playful wedding . Bonus for all readers: Journelle , an amazing lingerie shop (and one of this month's sponsors), is offering 15% off with the code CUPOFJO. Plus, five Cup of Jo posts you might have missed: - Twenty-four different accents . - Wedding makeup . - Cacio e Pepe . - Side knot . - Seagull tote . (Photo credit unknown) Since those Jenga photos a couple days ago mysteriously hid my giant belly, here's a shot that I took that same night to send to my mom. (I wasn't going to post it because I have a weird expression and the lighting is all yellow, but oh well, here you are!) I snapped it in our living-room mirror while Alex was cooking dinner. Recently the baby has been kicking SO much, and it is ridiculously cute. He's so kicky that if I lean back while watching TV, my tummy will actually ripple, like waves in the ocean. It's really sci-fi and awesome to watch him bumping around, and, needless to say Alex and I find it endlessly endearing. Thank you so much for being so sweet, as always; it's such a treat to share everything with you. xo My sister sometimes paints her nails rad colors (yellow, baby blue), so I think she'd love these space nails . (Via Krisatomic ) Oh my goodness, Jordan 's friend Aubrey put together this "installation" for her boyfriend's birthday! How absolutely fabulous is that?! Bonus: Under each orange is a sweet birthday note from a loved one. Genius. (Via Oh Happy Day )  First of all, I love the name of the blog that this cabinet comes from - The Chubby Dove ! Who doesn't love picturing a portly little bird with a paintbrush? I love everything about this restored cabinet, including the color. My current favorite craft paint color is FolkArt Patina , and this is very close. Chubby Dove does a great job distressing and restoring. Go here to read more about it and see it before the jump. In other news, I want to make you aware of a Couture Cardstock review I did for Paper Crafter's Corner . Now that I'm making cards like it's going out of style, I whipped up a few using Couture Cardstock's fantastic line. Go here to see a few more of my projects, and also enter to win some Couture Cardstock product AND a Mod Podge starter pack. Good luck! I must admit that I sometimes overlook doilies. I've been seeing them around a little more than usual for whatever reason, and every craft I've seen them on, I've loved. That includes these tealights and matchbox from the gals at Mint . It's a design that is a worthwhile visit in and of itself, but the fact that they use Mod Podge makes it a must-see. Visit here for a tutorial on the goodies above. I love that they are so dainty and Anthropologie-esque. This is the official bathroom of Mod Podge Command Central. There IS a point to this picture, by the way, not just to show you my toilet. Remember when I did the AllModern.com giveaway not so very long ago? Well, I also ordered a Dwell Studio shower curtain and I LOVE it! My bathroom needed a sprucing and I have always liked Dwell Studio - I was tickled pink to see that Dwell makes shower curtains and one specifically with animals and blues (my favorite color). So here she is . . . what do you think? Anyway, I can't say enough good things about AllModern.com and CSN Stores , who provided the giveaway for you and sent me my shower curtain. They have awesome products. You must go visit them today! Time for the giveaway! I think you remember the rules, but just in case: 1. Comment on THIS blog entry. I LOVE my new shower curtain. What recent purchase or gift do you love? 2. Only one entry per person. 3. Contest will close every Wednesday at midnight (EST). 4. PLEASE leave your e-mail address if it's not attached in Blogger - I need some way to reach you. Last week was awesome - you introduced me to so many tools I hadn't heard of! Last week's winner was Scrap Bat. What is that in the picture you ask? It's a nightstand, done by Chase. Her mom, Amy (who writes the blog Chaser, Boo and Mommy Too! ) is super cool - I wish my mom had let me Mod Podge my furniture! I always enjoy seeing children Mod Podge. If you are a mom and you don't already know, Mod Podge is completely non-toxic and safe for the kiddies. Which I like because then I know it's safe for me too. Back to the dresser - it's very cute and worth a visit here to see more pictures of the action. It's Friday, and that means it's my post for Torendi . That means it's another adventure in cardmaking! The glue is not even all the way dry on this baby because of the last minute button addition: Meet the colorful circus bird of thanks. I had so much fun with this one, because I love the brights. This uses several items from the Torendi March 2010 Kit " Framed Cuteness ." I want to thank you all and the academy for your support as I move through this cardmaking process. I do have a confession though - I didn't use Mod Podge in this project! Before you gasp, keep in mind that it's a challenge for me NOT to. I'm giving away the starter pack today to celebrate Torendi month, and you'll see me resume my Podging again next week. Supplies Cardstock: American Crafts (red), Couture Cardstock (lavender), Sassafrass Nerdy Bird "Sprightly" collection Punch: Fiskars oval scalloped Die Cutter: Sizzix Big Shot, Tim Holtz Alterations Collection Cage Bird Die Stamp: American Crafts Thanks Collection Ink: W R Memory Keepers Tiffany Set Ribbon: American Crafts Allure Paper Flowers: Prima Iced Got Flowers in Tiffany Teal Adhesive: Glue Dots and Tacky Glue Accents: Buttons and Mini Pop Dots And now, the giveaway - the rules are very easy: 1. I'm giving away one starter pack every Friday for the month of March when I post my Torendi card (this is in addition to my typical Sunday giveaway). 2. You must be a US resident, one entry per person. 3. Comment on this blog entry. This week, you have to visit one of the Torendi Design Team blogs (list featured the upper left side of my blog) and tell me one of the projects that you like! 4. Contest ends tomorrow night, 3/13, at midnight EST. BONUS - at the end of this gig, on March 26th, Torendi is giving one of their fab fabrics away to a lucky person who has left a comment on a Friday during the month. AND ONE LAST THING. This month is National Craft Month! Plaid (makers of Mod Podge) is celebrating, so you need to head to their website Plaid Online to see projects like the Fabric Mod Podge wall hangings I did below. Aren't you proud of me? They are also having a huge promotion on craft goodies like Mod Podge so you might wanna stock up. I'm just sayin'! I just recently posted Kristen's owl caddy , but I couldn't just leave it at that. Her site, Kristen Powers Ink , is too intriguing and has too many fun Mod Podge projects. This robox, which is a basically a robot out of a matchbox with some other recycled goods, is an example of one of those projects. You need to go here to learn more about him. He could be a necklace too - go see - you aren't going to believe it. I had the pleasure of discovering Tammy's work on my trip to CHA in late January. There's no other word to describe her than amazing! She did some design work for Basic Grey that I saw at the show, including the piece above (created with their Cappella collection ). The only way to do Tammy justice is to send you to her blog to poke around and see all the beautiful things she's doing. Visit the canvas above right here and a coordinating frame right here . It's all so, so pretty! I don't know about you, but I'm so ready for spring. I'm also ready to fix up the lame, plain clay pots I have housing my plants on the porch of Mod Podge Command Central. I like the ones shown above by Christine of lavender and limes . So simple, so cute and for the small pots you can use one larger scrap of fabric from your stash. For the big pots, you could still use fabric from your stash - just piece it together in patchwork-like fashion. Before you start, head here to Christine's blog to get her step-by-step. Don't forget to use Outdoor Mod Podge - then you can keep these outside without fear. House guests this week. YAY for friends who make you giggle! Here is another ironic observation courtesy of Emily Dickinson. Enjoy! A Bird Came Down the Walk A bird came down the walk, He did not know I saw; He bit an angleworm in halves And ate the fellow, raw. And then he drank a dew From a convenient grass, And then hopped sidewise to the wall To let a beetle pass. by Emily Dickinson If I were a one-eyed-one-horned-flying-purple-people-eater," would that mean I am purple or that I eat purple people? You see, I love my job. But there's not enough of it. That's the problem. The economy is still sinking like a leaky dinghy, and my chances of getting even a part-time position with a 401k option is as unlikely as patching that hole at the bottom of the boat. It worries me that I have no retirement. It worries me that I don't earn enough. But then, what if I actually did land a traditional 9-5 job that offered benefits? But, then again, what if I couldn't learn the job? What if the job had minimal flexibility? What if the commute was hell? What if I couldn't stay awake? I would have to accept the position, but what about the kids? They have appointments and therapy and bad days at school. I have anxiety. But I don't want that to get in the way. Truth be told, I love what I do. I feel confident I could do more of it because it's what I know. I know how to work around my neurological challenges and my family's schedule. I know how to juggle priorities. I know how to expand my scope. I'm good at what I do. And I have awesome co-workers. This isn't a new situation for me. As an undergrad, I worked in Disability Services where I provided tutoring. I could schedule my work around my classes. The students benefited. So did I. I took on projects that no other tutor had in the past. My boss was amazing and flexible and supportive. I was motivated. But the job didn't pay enough, and I had no benefits. And then, I graduated. No more job. It was a student position. I've had other awesome bosses since then--understanding and supportive. They knew I was a little neurotic but that my neurosis didn't prevent me from doing my work. They also knew they could depend on me to be creative. Yesterday, I planned to go to a Federal Government job fair out in Stafford. Over 6,000 people turned out. The State Police had to direct long lines of traffic, and the lines at the booths were not much better. In fact, there were lines to get into the building. Not having experience in government, I wouldn't have much of a chance to land a position that worked out for the employer, me and my family. Now I might sound like I'm just being negative, but I'm not. I am being realistic. With all the competition around, who needs another writer, especially one that requires accommodations? I know I'm useful. I read so many poorly written communications that I wonder why organizations don't hire MORE writers and editors. I guess they don't want to spend the money. My perfect job? Write and edit mostly from home. Work flexible hours. Have a shot at accruing sick time, vacation time and a retirement fund. I don't need health insurance. I don't need huge amounts of supervision. I don't need a cubicle. I don't even need full-time. There are millions of people looking for jobs right now, and many are in worse shape than we are. Typically, that would put things in perspective, but it doesn't when I look at our paycheck-to-paycheck existence. And it's worse because I know I am the weak link here. I'm not depressed. I am anxious. I can't communicate this angst to hubby, or he WILL get depressed. I will never give up, because that's not how I am. But I can't get my hopes up, either. Er, anyone else scared? Sound like anyone you know? Caper Literary Journal publishes quality prose and poetry. I stumbled upon an archived piece that really struck me, especially considering our poor economy and the rise in the numbers of poverty stricken. Jame G. Piatt starts "A Letter to a Teacher" like this: Dear teacher: Do you know I can¡¯t see the board from the back of the room because I need glasses, but my mom can¡¯t afford to buy them? I really want to learn those important things you write on the board, but I am afraid to sit in the front with all of your good kids. Be sure the read the rest. This isn't just a message for teachers. It should be a billboard on the Interstates. How about a little more understanding? Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 /- Style Definitions -/ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-priority:99; mso-style-qformat:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:10.0pt; font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";} Speaking of Earth My children speak of the Earth in the language of hopelessness: ¡°No one will do anything anyway.¡± ¡°We should all ride horses, replace cars. But no one listens.¡± ¡°Wal-mart says they only use eco-friendly products. But their light bulbs aren¡¯t.¡± ¡°We don¡¯t need any more houses. Why can¡¯t they just stop building?¡± Mangy magazine pages and bread bags claim our bony trees, last year¡¯s Robin¡¯s eggs decay, a deck peels five years of paint, windows need replacing. My children¡¯s retro music condenses on the glass: ¡°Oh we¡¯re never gonna survive.¡± --Katherine M. Gotthardt I would be remiss if I did not address the Bob Marshall incident on my own blog, particularly because Bob Marshall is my Delegate in state government; I have disabilities; both my children have disabilities. Marshall made the following comments regarding children with disabilities, implying that they are "punishment" for women who have had abortions. As stated in the Gainesville Times, here is the full quote, which Marshall conveniently leaves out in his ¡°explanation¡± which is posted on FOX online: ¡°The number of children who are born subsequent to a first abortion w ith handicaps has increased dramatically. Why? Because when you abort the first born of any, nature takes its vengeance on the subsequent children,¡± said Marshall, a Republican. ¡°In the Old Testament, the first born of every being, animal and man, was dedicated to the Lord. There¡¯s a special punishment Christians would suggest.¡± There is no doubt about it?he is ¡°suggesting¡± women are punished with disabled children. Look at the juxtaposition of the words he used. Apparently, in his world, God takes his wrath out on children and mothers, whether they have had abortions or not. Marshall is trying to say that's not what he meant. I say he is full of shit. If Marshall wanted to address the issue of state funding for Planned Parenthood, which does provide abortion services in addition to other reproductive services, then that is what he should have addressed. Instead, he took what he deems the word of God and used that to condemn all women with children who have disabilities. In doing so, he condemns anyone with disabilities. In an astounding attempt to redeem himself, Marshall tries to explain the evils of Planned Parenthood by attacking minority communities: "¡°Thank you very much for coming here today. We are dealing with an attempt to defund , frankly, a malevolent organization. And I say that because you know people by their fruits. In 1960, 65, the out of wed-lock birthrate for blacks was 25 percent. I think it was about 23 percent in 1960 ? it was 5 percent for all races. Now it¡¯s 40 percent. It¡¯s 72% for blacks, 51% for Latinas. These are the fruits of planned parenthood. OK. Nothing else. More heartache. More guys who are completely irresponsible and think that women have one function and one function only for a few minutes. OK. But this just isn ¡¯t affecting our families, our inner cities, our communities and our state. This poison animates a world-wide population control program that the United States funds and which is unnecessarily making us enemies overseas. We are attacking traditional family structure in a way that no country should be doing." So now, Marshall targets minority communities and blames PP for the demise of the impoverished and vulnerable. Now let ME clarify I do not believe abortion should be publicly funded; I believe abortion is a moral, medical choice that no woman should ever have to make--not a governmental issue; I believe in education and prevention; I believe some reproductive counselors promote abortion; I would never condemn a woman who has had an abortion; I believe our adoption system is broken which only serves to encourage abortion. I've discussed abortion on this blog before, and I have discussed disabilities. I won't do it in depth again here. If anyone is really interested, search "abortion" and "disabilities" on this blog. Though I didn't agree with many of Marshall's issues positions before, I used to respect him as a smart man deserving of office. I no longer feel that way. I may add to this post later.  Today was the day. Today was the day I spent all afternoon in my kitchen, blissfully free in bare feet and with the living room window open, cool air kissing around my legs as my long skirt swished and moved. Today spring was like a voice in my head, the one that talks with a rhythm spun out&nbsp;on gypsy jazz, all bouncy nonsense and playful lisps. Spring and autumn are my most sensually extravagant times. In the fall I go mad for plums and the first of the root vegetables. All of my body seems to gravitate to my hips and legs, those pillars that are heavy on the earth, intimate with its lumbering ways. But in the spring I¡¯m all toes and fingers and buzzing brain. When that sun finally finds its way into me I am like a newborn thing, fresh and wide open to every passing scent and sight. Yesterday I shopped. I bought bright things: a pink shirt, a purple one, one with red roses, a blue bra, a little white sweater. The air was cool but the sun was out and as warm as I have felt it in forever, so I swung my shopping bags and sashayed from store to store. Today I dyed my hair a little blonder, looked in the mirror to see my blue eyes glow just a little brighter. Tomorrow my beloved visits and I wanted to prepare something that exudes my current heightened state of deliciousness. A collaboration of many, many good things. So I have cooked up a traditional lasagne, made the rich tomato sauce, simmered it long and slow with garlic, onions, carrot, torn pieces of salty prosciutto, a good dash of white wine and a massive handful of fresh, soft, fragrant basil. The ragu alone took three steps and plenty of cooking, and when it was finished I alternated between squeals of excitement and groans of pleasure. Oh, it is good. The lasagne waits to be baked, gorgeous strips of mozzarella and the rest of the prosciutto tossed around atop the creamy white sauce that covers the pasta. Forty minutes in the oven and if the aroma does not seduce my Scotsman, then my kitchen witch days are numbered. For dessert I have made mousse chocolat, a Green and Black¡¯s dark chocolate wonder with a slosh of French brandy. For now they also sit in the fridge, bittersweet clouds drawn down from their formations and piled into wine glasses. Oh my, spring is here. Mmmmmÿtangy. Take the first song you hear and make yourself at home, all that languid hope lost on strings and rhythmic vibrations. Pretend you live in a place that is both old and saturated with sunlight. The kind of place where lemon trees grow in the front gardens of old ladies who dress in black and wear head scarves. They bicker like all the other old ladies in the world, except they have lemon trees in their gardens and their feet know the arch and&nbsp;angle of every cobble on their street. This afternoon as I was walking home my head was caught in a cloud of scent. Lilacs, as if suddenly I was about to crash into a mountain of them, pollen raining down and staining my skin and clothes. But when I looked I saw only a small plant inside a grocery bag which was being carried by the woman in front of me. I thought:&nbsp;I want to be as bold as that plant, issuing such an exuberant pulse into the world that doesn¡¯t expect it. Think of&nbsp;kissing strangers just as they are on the brink of a decision, then stepping back and watching everything they have ever been slip from their expressions. They can¡¯t remember where they are, who they have been, what they were thinking. They can only feel the breath that has left their lungs and the ghost of your lips on theirs. Leave them before they find their way back to themselves. Store up those strange, blissful manifestations. Know that periodically throughout their lives, they will remember that moment as if it were some porthole to themselves that they haven¡¯t found since. I can¡¯t remember the last time I was barefoot outside. I think it has been cold forever, even though the sun blazed into my eyes as I walked down Princes Street and resisted crossing and going into the bookstore. Even though there are tiny flowers poking up through the grass in the park and the teenage boys are starting to venture out in t-shirts, their hands dug deep into their pockets as they pull their shoulders forward and attempt to create warmth inside the curves of their chests. No, I can¡¯t stop thinking about&nbsp;a land of olives and sundried tomatoes and fruit that squishes juice almost as soon as you touch it. Somewhere you can still feel the warmth in the stones of the buildings all the way until the evening, until eventually the night pulls the last of it out like the final little shudder after an orgasm. The one that makes your whole body relax and sends you off to sleep. People keep telling me spring is coming. But it isn¡¯t enough. I need to be filled with the sun, bathed in it, turned over in it until not one inch of my skin remains&nbsp;cool to the touch. I want to be like the Lilac, like the stones in the evening. A giant pulse, a little shudder. Bliss. Gee, what did you do this weekend, Sophia? Not much. Farmers' Market, bit of cooking. Oh, and I wandered around the city taking photos of a sock monkey . And you? What did you get up to? -found this today. Written a few years ago to beloved friends of mine. I miss you so much I would snuggle down in those words if it wasn't 30 degrees So I've put them in the freezer Every once in awhile I take them out and give them a lick There is a hint of saskatoon and full moon first frost stirred with rosehips and honey. Tasted individually The I holds the metallic purity of an icicle snapped from where it was hanging from the roof of a lonely (but snug) cabin. Both M's are all berry bliss the sun finding a way to drip and swell. I have to linger over ss to coax out the cinnamon the autumn waiting bees tucking away their stings. Y is surprisingly cherry flavoured while Ou is milky, a cream stirred so long and with such love that it can only be eaten scooped straight from the bowl with a hooked finger. The single small s is bursting with sun-warmed wild strawberry The kind I crouched over and plucked as a child Popping their ruby bodies into my mouth before performing the miracle - my tongue crushing them against my palate loving and destroying them in one sweetsour second. The o which follows holds the tang of snow freshly fallen and grazed upon from where it is heaped on the wooden railing. u how much can this letter hold? The tang of it keeps changing one second it's salty broth like the perfect veggie stock sipped from a hot spoon Then smoke the flavour used to purify a space in the spring sandlewood freshly peeled birch bark pine needles and the first shoots of dandelion leaves The spices may alter but u always holds the zest of an offering. ch is a fast-melting orange juice popsicle clear ice crystals becoming exposed as the juice is frantically sucked It works if you make the sound while breathing in It becomes the noise of a locomotive chugging backwards through slush Overall Five single syllables have made me feel so much better And I am taking a moment to thank you before I head once again to the freezer Today it snowed. Driving, freezing sleet. I am waiting for the world to change its perfume, waiting&nbsp;to feel the heat from the sun make an exchange with the soil, to walk through the haze of it, feel my body remember. For Renee : I love knowing that by late this afternoon I'll be in his flat, already laughing and sharing details of our day. Two trains and a hike uphill&nbsp;- I know the route so well now. And if it's nice tomorrow I'll head out for adventures, seeing what I can see. Last weekend I saw some shells, and since I resisted picking them up, I collected their images instead. Another sad-but-interesting addition to my frozen menagerie - a Redwing that had died after flying into a window.Before I put it in the freezer (for later study - not eating), I stretched out its wings and wondered about the night-time journey on which the same feathers, muscles and bones carried it across the North Sea where did it make landfall? Scotland? Yorkshire? Suffolk?where it hatched last year - Sweden or Russia, perhaps?and saw how it still had fragments of soil stuck to its toes.I suppose it must have been foraging amongst the leaf litter until a few minutes before it died. It's really quite sad. Here's an early version of a book cover concept I did a while back. I'm posting it because I just rediscovered it and think it's kinda cute, even if the direction changed a bit. Lordy! What a week!! I know, I know...it's not quite over yet...but for me, IT IS. I am done! The "universe" tested me in a big way over the past many days but I did manage to meet my deadlines (with happy clients!!) while dealing with all the other hoopla. So, for that I say "hallelujah" and let me get the hell out of town! I'm taking off to the desert tomorrow morning. It'll be really nice for a change of scenery. Happy Weekend, People! xo Here's a couple recent goodies commissioned by the fine folks at Astro Girl! Magazine. Typically,I don't like throwing copyright smack dab in the center of my art BUT, I figured it would make it less appealing to theft that way. Not that I think there's a big crime ring focusing on astrological symbols or anything. It was only after consulting my charts and the recent Harvest Moon, I figured... better safe than sorry !! Just kidding, if I really looked at my charts I wouldn't know what the "stars" I was looking at anyway. Heck, all I know about a Harvest Moon is that it looks ginormous and brilliant and almost fake (like, the backdrop painting of a school play). And, "Harvest Moon" is the title of my all time favorite Neil Young song. If you don't know it, check it out. Even while admitting my lack of astro-knowledge I don't mean to imply that I wouldn't or don't read my horoscope...because I do! Not every day...sometimes it's merely the perfect tool for procrastinating a few minutes longer. Anyway, I take it all in stride. Since my birthday falls on the CUSP of Libra/ Scorpio...I read both 'scopes and pick the one I like best. ;) I know even less about Tarot cards but find them fascinating if not a little frightening. I'd love to learn more about 'em because I think it'd be fun to draw a whole set someday. In the interest of keeping things fresh I've decided it's high time I start posting doodles and sketchies. So..okay! I'm doing it. I'm kind of a sucker for those ragtag magazines at the checkout stands...and sometimes, late at night, I doodle from those pages. Here's a couple to start...fresh with some newly added photoshop color for added zest. Here's Lindsey. Good Ol' Susan Boyle...before the makeover. More to come! Here are some silly little illos I did for the upcoming issue of Yikes! Magazine. Have you experienced anything like this? I certainly have! That said, I choose NOT to share with you the couple wardrobe mishaps I've had in my early life. Let's just say this though..both incidents that come to mind were pretty em-bare-ASS-ing. Ah yes, here's another 10k I won't be participating in...other than, designing the t-shirt logo. For one, the trail run is in San Antonio. TEXAS. I don't mess with Texas. Secondly, I hate, hate, hate running. I'm a terrible runner. I might sprint for half a block with my dog but that's the extent of it for me. I might run away from a bad guy too...but let's face it, I'd probably have to resort to eye-gouging. Walking, hiking, swimming...those are more my speed. Even when I was in grade school and they made us run around the track...I abhorred it. It just hurts too much. Would love to change my attitude about it someday because I know it's a great way to drop some LBS and tone. But, blech...I just hate it. Anyway...trying to follow the theme of the drawing here...which also includes a Jalape?o! I looooooove japape?o.... in fact, I made some awesome spicy salsa the other night. Hot! Spicy! Pure Goodness. And now the (jalape?o) seed has been planted: I will be dreaming about carne asada tacos from a local taco stand (or truck)...sprinkled with cilantro, onion and spicy salsa that makes my mouth on fire. And I will be thinking about this until it happens. Later, today. YES. Here's a couple images I snagged from the internet of the "Los Chupacabras De La Noche" race held in San Antonio, Texas a couple weekends ago. I don't know the runners personally but I did the Chuy (pronounced Chewie!) drawing. It's very cool to see people wearing a t-shirt with my drawing on it. I hear the t-shirts turned out really good this year too! My samples should be arriving any day. Woo Hoo! Last year's design is available here . Please check out the beautiful graphic memoir, "The Imposter's Daughter" written and illustrated by Laurie Sandell . Out in bookstores July 29th! -- BTW, I colored the book from cover to cover. How'd that happen? Well... In May 2008, I got an e-mail from a writer living in New York who wanted ME to color her graphic novel. To which I replied "Hells YES!". I did so because first, it sounded so cool and well, quite frankly I wanted to be very busy with a "perfect summer gig!". In reality, it took much, much longer than the summer though. The assignment pretty much took the entire year. Most of the time, I was happy to color away, reading Laurie's book as the pages came in. During the course of this last year, Laurie and I traded daily e-mails often times discussing men- "He said what?!" or the election -Yay! Obama! or any number of random thoughts. It was fun. We met a couple times for coffee, here in Los Angeles, when she'd flown in to interview some ¨¹ber famous celeb. It was a strange and awesome experience getting to know someone like that. There were times I felt challenged by this assignment too. There was so much to do that there was very little time for working on my own art or for making any extra money either. But new pages of the book would arrive with e-mails coinciding and I'd get another glimpse at the story unfolding before me. I could relate to so much she shared about herself in both her book and correspondence...even though our lives are vastly different. And let's face it, because the woman is a very good interviewer, I pretty much told her my whole story too. I think I felt comfortable blabbing about myself to her because I was witnessing how she was willing to put herself out there to tell her own story. I have a great amount of respect for that. So please check out this book! Check out her book readings if you're in either NYC, Los Angeles, San Fran or Portland in August. It's an honest, entertaining, humorous, and compelling read. You might find a bit of yourself in there too. And, if I don't say so myself....it's color ain't too shabby. ;) www.lauriesandell.com Hi! So, Liberty Porter, First Daughter came out this week. I illustrated the cover and interiors. I must say, it was pretty cool to go into Barnes and Noble and see the book on the shelf...not far away from a few of the other covers I've done over the past couple years. Wow, it's like I'm a true blue illustrator or something! Wooo Hoo! I bought two of the three copies (one for me and the other for my parents) but still, had to leave the third copy there so my Mom could go into that store and see it for herself. Look Ma, it's really there on the shelf! Read fun facts from the author about Liberty Porter and other First Kids here ! Here are a few of the interior illustrations! This Young Reader Chapter Book was written by Julia DeVillers , published by Simon & Schuster, book design by Karin Paprocki. Available in hardback, everywhere!  Right now a baby is crying. A mammy is singing. A boy is climbing a tree. Back then a bunch o¡¯ country chil¡¯dren with no tee vee used to play Right Now, swinging in the hammock, in the wood verandah overlooking the solitary road from country to town. Then li¡¯l Cousin Tar would insist on telling he saga of Electric Head, a light bulb. Electric Head jump off the ceiling, walk down them steps and he is the only light bulb that ever turn into a war tank. Yawn and yawn and yawn this story would go and we useta listen with politeness ¡®til somebody holla. ¡®Til we get lost in a Big People maze of tasks, and panic set in. Stop, stop, play Right Now ... Right now , a spot on me bed sheet, where one pillow does lay, is soakin¡¯ wet because I unplug the iron, leave it on the mattress, it plups down in me absence and the water that does make steam leak out, now, sheet and pillow cases is in the bathroom, I lie crossways on the bed and listen to radio. What do you want from me, curtain is coolin¡¯ the sky-fever from me room, a light wind is hustling the cloud-herd to somewhere west, guava and fresh dirt fragrance rise up to meet me, I am pink, mellowing. Now is the time to take the time to get outta the maze, hear, see, feel, right now, for a while. Radio is boring, lemme play a li¡¯l bit o¡¯ Bob, Love to see when ya move in the rhythm; I love to see, when you're dancin' from within... To get awards from fellow bloggers is like getting a box of perfect chocolates - smooth and meltin' - like the best kinda flattery. But I got this secret confession...for some time, I been shaky about this blog, and when I get a¡¯ award, I wonder if I really deserve them good things that people say. I wonder if I can live up to them praise. And that is why I procrastinate over mentioning one from fat juicy oyster , a ¡®specially juicy blog by Ieishah. I does have to wait ¡®til I have puh-lenty time to read, because she write about something I used to dream of doing...travel around the world, Europe, work. As she say, ¡°have sass. will travel.¡± Then, recently, I receive another award, this time from Cloudcutter in Mumbai . I been reading Cloud since long-time passing. She does write about love, breakup, memories, Mumbai; she does reflect on humanity, we habits. Sometimes, she does make me think how India produce some amazing writers of books and movies. I realise then that, if two people I admire give me these delicious blog chocolates, I must, as me Auntie Baba tell me when I was a young girl, learn to accept with grace. So here me is, saying, thank you Ieishah, for this : And thank you Cloud, for this : Now, to be a copycat like Pat (that rhyme, you notice? It rhyme, I¡¯s a poet), I gon stitch them two together and write 10 honest t¡¯ings you mightn¡¯t know about me: 1. I miss hiking up mountain trails. I miss the heat from chugging up, and the wind cooling down sweat. I miss that wild, free feeling, reaching the top. Mountains in Guyana is in the interior, you can¡¯t just hike and go home at the end of the day. Plus, it expensive to get there. 2. I crave beauty like lonely people crave love. I want flowers all over the coastland, I don¡¯t want me eyes to settle on one single plastic bottle hunkering in the long grass like some modern version of a flower. I want to see trees lining every single street, shading people, cars, donkeys and horses. Fruit trees would be good so that hungry people can pick and eat. 3. I ain¡¯t got no friends in Guyana, everybody migrate, Cousin Yasmeen die. I must go out and look for more but where to start? 4. Me guitar is gently weepin¡¯, beggin¡¯ me to play it. Or maybe it secretly rejoicin¡¯, thinkin¡¯, phew, no more bad strummin¡¯. 5. Favourite colour is red. If I did live in cold country, I would have a red coat. 6. If I was rich-rich, rich-rich-rich, I would wear haute couture. But normally, I wear any ol' thing. 7. If I was rich-rich, rich-rich-rich, I would sponsor plenty children, pay their school fees, buy umbrella and raincoat for them in the rainy season, but with the way El Nino behaving, umbrella and raincoat mightn¡¯t be necessary. 8. I understand magazines like Harvard Business Review and The Economist but I can¡¯t understand some of we newspapersÿyesterday I read one sentence in a local newspaper, it was a paragraph long. 9. I don¡¯t like hurting people but I end up doing it sometimes, without meaning to or wanting to. Then I feel bad about it forever. 10. Two Brazilian gals comin¡¯ at eight to buy a li¡¯l bit o¡¯ English so I better skedaddle outta hereÿÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ.. My thoughts is a pack of traitors. They always lead me to every confusion but the right one. Like today, for example. Today, I go out into the white sunshine, stand at the top of them back steps, to heng out some clothes to dry. Thick, sweet grass smell fill the air. I sniff, yes, it is that leaf that them Indian immigrants did bring to the Windies long ago, the weed that Rasta people think does kerry them to I-nitation , mediation on another level. Continue to heng out the clothes, can¡¯t let that neighbour see me sniffing the air. Whip the towel like my mother say I should, snap it hard to let out the water, sniff the air, man, I am positive it is that thing , after all, that chap, what work he does do? Every now and then he does disappear off to goodness knows where. Aw, darn, I drop a skirt, oh, good, it is hanging on the pipeline just under the step. I tom-boy meself over the step rail, on to the shed, pick up the skirt, shees, that thing smell so strong, it gon make me giddy, I gon fall off this shed this good day, today... ...I wonder if I should rinse this skirt, nah man, it is clean, besides, this blazing heat gon kill every germ... ...pishewww...the pressure-cooker in the kitchen holler, oh skegs , wait a minute, I wonder if it is the lentil peas smelling so... ...heh. This confusion ain¡¯t quarter as mix-up as the confusion about the rat poo in me tea. I gon never forget that tea though it was some years gone. How that tea taste nice. How that tea taste spicy and milky and just plain, all-over delicious, like warm, liquid bliss, from me tongue to me toes, pulling down me eyelids. I drain the cup. I look inside hoping for one last drop. At the bottom of the cup, there it is, the lump, plump and brown, thin at the two ends and thick in the middle. I cuss the sugar-factory because, as we know, that thing coulda only come from there. I cuss the people of Guyana. Because, as we know, it is only in Guyana that this can happen, thanks to people who don¡¯t do their work with care. I cuss the guvament, never mind they don¡¯t work the factory. I don¡¯t know how I live without suffering from hypochondria that evening. Months pass. Memory dim. I make cardamom tea again. I bust open the pod and put the whole lump of seed in it. How that tea taste nice. How that tea taste spicy and milky and just plain, all-over delicious, like warm, liquid bliss, from me tongue to me toes, pulling down me eyelids. I drain the cup. I look inside hoping for one last drop but all I did see was d¨¦j¨¤-vu. I cuss...oh, heh...it ain¡¯t rat-poo, is cardamom seed. Memory return, remind me that the seed look very much like the one in that cup some months before. Maybe, my thoughts...not me...my thoughts...is a pack o¡¯ drama queens, that's wot. Or maybe what they see is what it ain't. I need a cuppa sweet, milky cardammon chai. One day, in the not so far future, spam gon be the new dutty , stinkin¡¯ word. Think of all the ways people does use the old four-letter word...spam gon be like that. People gon shout things like, ¡°Spam you, man,¡± and the recipient of such a cuss gon launch he or she self at the abuser in rage. After the calm, the storm. And during the storm? What? What does happen during the storm? Some people does cower then suddenly they rise up and bruk through like Samson brukking up stone. Then you have some who, during the storm, don't cower at all. You stand up, move around, do what you must do. But as soon as that storm pass, you fall to the ground, dry-up like thirsty leaf. Anxiety and fear jook like sharp plimpla as you try to make your way out of them thorns. You feel tempted to hide in a cool, dark place, to curl up with your worries so you can recreate the storm, because the storm is from the past, and though the past lash you hard like devil weeing on you, it is the devil that you know; it is the devil that you¡¯s most comfortable with. The future, because you can¡¯t sense it, feel worse. But maybe you truly hate the ol¡¯ bruk-a-down rubble. So you pick up your dowsing rod and you go ¡®til ping, like instinct, you find something. You grab your li¡¯l shovel, fix your feet firmly on the ground and you dig. Dig, fumble, stumble, dig. And before you know it, you¡¯s creating a fresh new place. In other words, to be precise and concise, after I receive sad or shocking blows, I does cope. Then, when I start to recover, I does become scared and anxious. The temptation to curl up with them worries does be strong. But I know that this ain¡¯t a flourishing thing to do, I know I should get going. I must keep going ¡®til I feel like the water-melon that been in we veranda all Friday afternoon, into the night and on Saturday morning, sitting in the white basket-chair, taking sea-breeze, grinning. Heh. ¡°Last year was a hard year for we,¡± cousin Yasmeen say a few Saturdays ago. Yes, it was, after she first big brother die mid-last year. I did grieve for she and she family. I did grieve especially for she mammy, my Auntie M. who does dispense tea, biscuit and jam and slather everything with humour in a breezy home, where pigeons coo in the rafters, the wind go wheeerrreee and, one time, carpenters did find baby owls in the roof. Cousin Yasmeen did proper love them baby owls, the same way she used to love them poor li'l chil'ren . ¡°A parent should never have to bury a child,¡± mammy did say last year after we get the news about Auntie M. big son. Mammy been at the ol¡¯ pink kitchen table, quoting a father in a movie. The father been sitting with one hand resting on a¡¯ upright knee, talking to a friend. ¡°There should be an order to things. First, the parent grows old and dies. A parent should never have to bury a child.¡± Last Friday, Auntie M. bury she youngest daughter, me cousin Yasmeen, me friend and laughing companion. Shucks boy, if Shamwow come here, it gon sell like rum on a Friday night after people see this Guyana-talk version . Heh. I bet it can clean up the whole o¡¯ Georgetown city. Translated into pure, raw, unadulterated Creolese: Shucks bai, if Shamwow come hey, ee go sell like dharoo pan a Friday night after people see dis ting hey . Heh. me bet ee cyan clean up de whole ah Gargetung. To believe this theory, you got to open your mind to the possibility of other things. You can¡¯t be like a certain person who laugh when I phone he the other night to tell he that I solve the UFO mystery. ¡°I think UFOs is jinns,¡± I announce. Certain person laugh like kookaburra sitting in the ol¡¯ gum tree, wooo hoo hahahahaHAAA. But I¡¯s never daunted by such trifling things. I take a deep breath, haul out me soapbox, leap on to it. That night, it was a pink soapbox. I been in a mellow mood because I know that my theory gon catch on, and soon, even them Doubting Thomases gon latch on to it. ¡°You see? You see?¡± I pronounce. ¡°That is the western mind for you. Western people can believe in anything they want to believe in, even if they don¡¯t have scientific evidence. But when it comes to Eastern beliefs, the western mind scoffs. How do you know that jinns don¡¯t exist? If people can believe that UFOs exist, then why not jinns? They do exist. Other worlds exist. Other beings exist, we don¡¯t see them. Jinns are made of smokeless fire, they carry on a full-scale life just like human beings, we just can¡¯t see them. Maybe they fly in spaceships too, we just don¡¯t know.¡± He mouth get li¡¯l , as we does say when somebody can¡¯t argue with one more word. Heh. I even get a email congratulating me. I ignore the last line as ol¡¯ fashion jealousy. ¡°where nasa and the usaf and the raf have failed for decades, i send you my congratulations on your solving the UFO mystery. but, it is worth keeping in mind that throughout the ages seers have not generally been well treated for revealing truths. so, if you feel you can withstand the onslaught from those with vested interests, go ahead, reveal the truth. also, prepare yourself for unexpected things like nominations for an ig-nobel prize.¡± You know when you are waiting for something, and you just want to get it over with.  The line for the roller coaster makes your stomach drop almost as much as the ride... if its your first time (or so you think). I knew it would and the anticipation was killing me, and every bit of me didn't want it to come, but at the same time, I just wanted to get that first time over with ... you know? This morning, it happened.  The first bomb went off in relatively close proximity to our new house.  At 6:30am, the house was rocked with an explosive boom, followed by that noise I always hear small boys make when holding their toy guns (I'm impressed how accurate they are). However, like somethings you are unsure of, like small earthquake tremors or when you think you hear someone in the house ... this was not one of them, this was a boom that shook the city, followed by two smaller booms and automatic firing. This is a digest of today's Twitter postings. 06:24 Congrats to Katie Spotz on finishing her Atlantic crossing! nyti.ms/a2TaY9 # 07:32 Out of muffins again. They saved me from myself. (@ Dog River Coffee Co) 4sq.com/4sitWC # 12:10 Visualisation: Moving Into The Big League ff.im/-hziI8 # Automatically shipped by LoudTwitter This is a digest of today's Twitter postings. 05:06 Movie of &quot;Rowing The Atlantic&quot; on in Charlottesville, VA, on Monday: bit.ly/cYMarE. Unfortunately I am referred to as &quot;he&quot;. Really?! # 08:49 Well earned breakfast after long hike on WA side of the Gorge (@ Ground Espresso Bar &amp; Caf¨¦) 4sq.com/9xXRSZ # 09:52 A lovely blog and book review. If you don't have time to read my book, read the highlights here! bit.ly/cumrhh # 11:51 Plastiki: a big publicity stunt! Best article on Plastiki &amp; plastic pollution I have seen yet: bit.ly/9PMnj9 Thx, @yachtpals. # Automatically shipped by LoudTwitter This is a digest of today's Twitter postings. 05:35 Recycled post-it notes. Trying to find a supplier for these with a sensible minimum quantity. Ideally customisable. Any suggestions? # 10:25 Congrats to @tcktcktck for their award for combining media might with eco-activism. bit.ly/dbgaPV # 12:13 Am hyperventilating madly. Just saw guest list for TED Ocean. Wish could tell you, but it's top secret. BIG names. Listening to me. Eek! # 12:28 To all who suggest I imagine audience in underwear - the thought of [insert name of Hollywood star] in his underwear is supposed to help?! # Automatically shipped by LoudTwitter This is a digest of today's Twitter postings. 07:21 I just ousted @brennannovak as the mayor of Dog River Coffee Co on @foursquare! # 07:21 Ah! Couldn't be mayor of Dog River until I added a profile photo. Surely now... (@ Dog River Coffee Co) # 07:23 Woohoo! Now I'm mayor of Dog River Coffee! Take that, @brennannovak! :-) # 07:57 Suggestion from a friend: that Foursquare allows me to &quot;check in&quot; and become Mayor of South Pacific. Anybody from @foursquare reading this? # 12:21 I just became the mayor of Ground Espresso Bar &amp; Caf¨¦ on @foursquare! # 12:22 Planning Eco fr iendly goodies for EBay store. Any requests? (@ Ground Espresso Bar &amp; Caf¨¦) # 12:23 Two @foursquare mayorships in one day. This is getting embarrassing! What can I say... I work well in coffee shops! # 12:45 Larabars have arrived! Can't wait to try sneak peeks at new flavours: carrot cake, PB choc chip, choc chip brownie &amp; choc chip cookie dough! # 14:57 Green Front's inaugural show on PRN, featuring a certain female ocean rower (moi): bit.ly/aADyQF. Also a rawfood chef. # Automatically shipped by LoudTwitter This is a digest of today's Twitter postings. 05:27 I thought I was too busy to watch this video. Which meant I REALLY needed to watch this video. Getting Things Done. bit.ly/LdQMr # 07:46 Thanks, @iknowtrash, for the nicest blog ever written about me! bit.ly/9aKqiA. Pleasure to meet you too. Keep garbangelising! # 12:42 I'm sulking. @brennannovak just became Foursquare mayor of Dog River. I come here every day! WTF? (@ Dog River Coffee Co w/ @brennannovak) # 20:31 This is why I love the Columbia Gorge. Even on an average evening it's still breathtakingly beautiful. tweetphoto.com/13978536 # Automatically shipped by LoudTwitter This is a digest of today's Twitter postings. 07:47 Woohoo! Brocade are contributing $10K towards Eco Heroes. So now I can afford to pay @brennannovak for our super-cool website! # 09:05 iPhone addiction: I am not alone. bit.ly/bxeZkA # 09:09 Is iPhone addiction a symptom of existential angst? bit.ly/cpjlz5 # 15:30 I just voted in Outside Mag Top 10 Adventurers. bit.ly/aawVMq. Added a couple of my own suggestions: Steve Fossett and Jason Lewis. # 17:25 Good to see Jen, veteran of the Climate Ride (@ china gorge) # 18:08 My fortune cookie say: You will travel to many exotic places. I believe this is true. # Automatically shipped by LoudTwitter This is a digest of today's Twitter postings. 05:38 Good luck message from Richard Branson: &quot;Heroic, epic, inspiring, historic, these four words some up this incredible voyage. Travel safely.&quot; # 11:54 The Roz &amp; Nicole Show rides again! Phone call to plan this summer's PR (@ Ground Espresso Bar &amp; Caf¨¦) 4sq.com/9xXRSZ # 12:13 Knowledge is power: the power of open data to make the world a better place. Interesting TED talk. bit.ly/c09z84 # 12:40 Nice article in the Journal as a teaser for my Seattle presentations: bit.ly/8XBk9Q. But darn it, I'm not 43 yet! # 14:03 Your chance to ask Richard Branson a question: bit.ly/9wiQyv # 14:08 Cool! DaKine have promised to give prizes for our Eco Heroes challenge - new eco-friendly baggage not yet available in stores! # Automatically shipped by LoudTwitter This is a digest of today's Twitter postings. 07:48 Breakfast burrito going down well after early morning hike on The Sincline (@ Dog River Coffee Co) 4sq.com/4sitWC # 09:00 Hilarious. The day I post a blog about iPhone apps the iTunes Store goes down for maintenance. # 14:34 Scanning business receipts into Evernote ( bit.ly/19gilr ) while watching the Oscars ( bit.ly/9tBJlG ) Life is all about balance. # 15:13 I just made my 2010 Oscar Predictions! Make yours with the Official Oscar iPhone App. itms://itunes.apple.com/us/app/id354102052 # 15:46 Aside to Brits: can't help wishing Terry Wogan was hosting the Oscars... # 15:47 Matt Damon gets my vote. # 16:23 How come actors so gifted onscreen are so incredibly wooden onstage at the oscars? # 17:15 Sorry. Bored now. Love films, not so keen on the Oscars. # 17:32 I'm so over the Oscars. This is why I watch movies, but not TV. # 17:43 Getting soppy in my old age. Crying over Oscars tributes to Patrick Swayze, Michael Jackson, Natasha Rich ardson and other recently departed. # 17:52 Wowzer. The dancers are definitely the most impressive thing about the oscars so far. # 17:59 Really want to see Invictus win an Oscar. One of the most emotional movie experiences I have ever had. # 18:30 Dilemma: want both Colin Firth and Morgan Freeman to win Best Actor. # 18:57 Well done, Kathryn Bigelow, for breaking through! First Oscars win for a female director. # Automatically shipped by LoudTwitter  In class today we were discussing an article which brought up the topic of "Reinforcement or Motivation." Of course, it was in relation to what extent we, as Speech-language clinicians, should reinforce good behaviour in our child clients or whether we should let intrinsic motivation guide their behavior. We defined reinforcement as anything external to the child, such as giving stickers, and motivation being the child's own reasons for learning. In one study there was a group of children were told that they would be given a prize when they finished a drawing activity, there was another group of kids that didn't know they would get a reward until the end of the activity, and one group who received no prize at all. The study showed that the children initially told that they would receive a prize for their drawing were drawing less in the classroom afterwards and that drawing became an instrumental means to receive an award. Overall, these types of studies have shown that "rewards have a significant negative effect on intrinsic motivation." I got to thinking about this and its application to my experiences with choral music and I feel that my intrinsic motivation to sing is really what drives my passion. I always find that whenever I am offered money to sing... my relationship with the music changes. It no longer is a passion for me since performing the music is just another job. Of course, I would be lying to say I didn't enjoy the fact that I get paid for gigs occasionally; however, I can't honestly say that my most musically fulfilling experiences occurred when I was paid to sing. I understand that performing is part of an artists' livelihood, but do we ever reach a point where we are just doing another job and we're not being musically satisfied anymore? I know many musicians are possibly reading this and I would love to get their input on this matter. Therefore, dear readers, what are your thoughts? Does internal motivation guide your happiness or do you feel like monetary reinforcement plays a role in shaping your happiness response as well? It doesn't even have to be choral or music related since I find this is a topic applicable to all areas. I'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments section below! Greetings! I must say that last night's Broadway Gala was extremely fun and definitely the least stressful Gala I have ever experienced. I think it was due in part to the fact that Belle Canto didn't have too many numbers so I wasn't doing rapid-fire costume changes in the wings of the stage and I actually had time to just hang out in the green room and watch the other performances. However, it did feel strange to be so idle when there was still so much backstage chaos going on. The first half of the evening were song selections revolving around the theme of "Family" from Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, The Sound of Music, Gypsy, Anne of Green Gables, White Christmas, and Cinderella and the second half were songs from The Fiddler on the Roof. I have to get it out now, I must say a special thanks for the amazing men's chorus this year! It's staggering to think that these men return year after year to help us out with the Broadway Gala given the amount of work they have to go through every year. They definitely had a lot of work in store for them this year with the male chorus demands in Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Fiddler on the Roof. You may wonder how a treble-centric choral program manages to find men but it is all through the connections of our choristers. Fathers, husbands, brothers, friends, random strangers---these men comprise our male chorus. The only unfortunate thing this year was that Belle Canto and the Men's Chorus didn't have any duet numbers since I only have fond memories of knocking on coconut bras of the men from last year's South Pacific. I watched the first half of the concert from the Green Room t.v. so it was hard for me to hear exactly everything that was going on but it seemed like everything appeared to run smoothly. The "Goin' Courtin'" song from Seven Brides for Seven Brothers was extremely cute when 2 Belle Canto lasses were showing the proper courting ways for the socially unrefined brothers. There was a point where each of the men took turns two-stepping with the gals and it was hilarious to watch their purposefully off-beat dance steps as they tossed the ladies around. The numbers from Anne of Green Gables, Cinderella, and Gypsy were mainly small group or solo numbers and they all were carried off wonderfully from soloists from the choir. I do have to say, and I am not alone in this, that the highlight of the first half was definitely the songs from the Sound of Music and specifically the lovely little Mia, playing Gretel in "So Long, Farewell." The unphased little Mia sat in the middle of the stage all by herself and sang the solo line with confidence and charm. I watched from the backstage t.v.'s and my friend, Nicole, put it very well in saying that the performance was so gutwrenchingly cute that her ovaries felt it. The second half with Fiddler on the Roof brought all the choirs on stage for the mass numbers, and I must admit, I was winging it for a few of the pieces. Due to the fact that I was in Montreal for most of the week and missed out on 3 of the large rehearsals, I was definitely lagging behind in choreography precision. I knew my steps for the solo Belle Canto numbers such as for "Sister's" and "The Dream" from Fiddler but everything else was new to me. I appreciated the help of my fellow choristers tweaking my movements in Fiddler during the dress rehearsal (which was right before the performance) and I just watched others for the cues in Sabbath Prayer, Anatevka, and Sunrise Sunset. Also, thanks to Amy from Belle Canto for gathering up some Belle's to run through "Sisters" with me backstage. Sure, it wasn't my best Broadway Gala performance to date but I had fun and I know my slight mishaps didn't ruin the show. The most challenging was "The Dream," and it wasn't due to the fact that I didn't know what I was doing movement-wise, but lining up words with an improvised piano part was not easy. Especially when we needed to get notes from piano.... However, I am not here to dwell on the negative. It was an extremely fun performance overall and I must give kudos to Steven who played Tevye for many of the Fiddler songs. Maybe it just worked out that he's the husband of our choir conductor but we managed to maximize on his talent in the past few years. He played the she-male, Edna, from Hairspray last year, and his comedic flaire for Tevye was spot on this year. Plus, it makes me smile to think of how he is a Geology academic by day but a community Broadway star by night :) Overall, our 9th Broadway Gala was a success in my eyes minus some small missteps, missed notes, and funky piano improv on some of the songs. It's a bit of a chaotic production every year but I wouldn't have it any other way :) Enjoy some of the pictures from the evening! The men's chorus in Fiddler on the Roof Photo Credit: Stephen L. Chamber Choir singing Do-Re-Mi from The Sound of Music Photo Credit: Stephen L. Touching up makeup backstage An array of costumes from the evening Relaxing in the Green Room A cozy self-portrait My dress for the sisters number. I originally brought a black dress (since I wasn't sure on what the costume verdit was as I kept on getting continuous e-mails from people changing their mind while I was away in Montreal) but I noticed that lots of people had color dresses on during the dress rehearsal. Due to the fact that our choreographer, Adam, said he was more focused on looking at people's dresses, I figured another black dress wasn't the most simulating so I called my mom to bring this dress that has been sitting in my closet for a while. Sometimes I feel sorry for my pretty clothing pieces that never get to be worn so I'm glad this dress was able to have a night out. I believed it all worked out well and you can probably tell from the first photo in this post that the color pops a lot better than black. Matching sister's dresses worn by actual sisters in the choir Photo Credit: Amy B Belles classy in black for our sisters numbers. Photo Credit: Amy B All of Belle Canto on stage performing Sisters Photo Credit: Stephen L. My last day in Montreal was definitely less action-packed but just as much fun. I met Leanne at the McGill Schulich School of Music around noon after her morning practising. We headed off to Simons yet again for some shopping but then ended over in the hip Plateau area on St. Laurent street for lunch. At the advice of Jeremy, we went over to Cafe Santropol for their delicious sandwiches. In my mind I was expecting a bakery-like place that served sandwiches on the side but the exter ior of this restaurant looked like an ordinary house. Indeed, inside the restaurant was a home-turned-restaurant and we grabbed a table in the sun-room at the back of the house. There was a cute patio outside which I can only imagine is very lovely in the summertime. The sandwiches were made on their signature Cafe Santropol bread and Leanne postulated that molasses was the secret ingredient to give the bread its rich color. There were so many delicious sandwich options but I ended up settling on one with smoked ham with apple and mint jelly. It was so refreshing and light! I can't wait to go back next time and try their other inventive sandwich options. After lunch we did some vintage shopping on St. Laurent and one of the highlights was walking into a store where the sales girl looked like she walked out of the 50s era with her red lips, jet-black tied back into a chic roll, thick-framed glasses and vibrant cropped sweater. The store was full of hidden gems with showcases full of cat-rimmed glasses, shelves with evening clutches from the 1960s and hanging displays of vintage brass broaches. I appreciated the fact that this vintage store was extremely non-junky since it's no fun to go vintage shopping and you're sniffling because everything is dusty and old. It started snowing and getting chilly near the end of our shopping trip so we headed back to Leanne's place to start on dinner for the evening. She made a delicious vegetarian casserole and baked vegan chocolate brownies for dessert. Again, we topped off the evening by viewing multiple episodes of GLEE as well as watching the Olympics men's hockey shootout between Canada and Sweden. Exciting times! Now, I am back in Edmonton and getting myself organized for the Cantilon Broadway Gala I'll be performing at tomorrow. If you're in the Edmonton/St. Albert area, you should come check out the show! Location: Arden Theatre St. Albert, AB Time: 7:30 pm Tickets: $30 Adult, $15 Student I fear this blog is venturing far away from the realm of choral music, oh well, I'm taking a break from school so the subject matter is taking a break from choral singing as well. Today Leanne and I headed off to try lunch at The Sparrow . If I thought Reservoir was amazing yesterday, the Sparrow is equal if not better. I was assured everything on the menu was delicious and it was. The restaurant is run by a chef who worked under Gordon Ramsay in London and the Sparrow embraces " gastropub " food. Thus, uniting liquor and delicious eats to go along with it. I also heard they have a killer brunch... too bad I'm not here until the weekend! The restaurant design was also quaint and cute with a lovely sparrow patterned wallpaper on one side of the restaurant. Afterward, Leanne and I ventured off to find Fairmont Bagels where she picked up many delicious hand-rolled bagels. We walked down St. Denis and did some shopping and when we parted ways, where she headed off to rehearsal, I took a break from walking in the cold and went to go get some hot chocolate at Juliette et Chocolat . I remember last time I visited Juliette et Chocolat I had a bit too much chocolate and had an intense sugar buzz afterwards. This is because their hot chocolate isn't some watered-down powder mix. You're drinking actual melted chocolate mixed with cream. This time I didn't overdose and the experience was much more enjoyable. I just sat there, drinking liquid chocolate gold and eating a sundae topped with brownies, strawberries, bananas and chocolate fondue sauce while reading the online news from my cell phone. After this I did some more shopping in the area before meeting back up with Leanne after her Contemporary Music Ensemble rehearsal at McGill . Leanne was famished so we went to find La Banquise for some delicious Montreal poutine . This restaurant is 24h and I have fond memories of its greasy and satisfying dishes. My friend and I searched for this restaurant by walking uphill on icy streets with killer windchill and I remember the sweet, warm, smell of victory when the aroma of freshly fried food was in the air. La Banquise was a greasy comfort-food haven for us and it has not changed. I opted for the Poutine Dan Dan this time where crispy fries were topped off with pepperoni, bacon, onions and cheese all smothered in gravy. Greasy heart-attack inducing food never tasted so good! We headed back to her apartment and enjoyed viewing "Chickasaw" a musical DVD gifted to me by Donald Patriquin yesterday. I also topped off that viewing by introducing Leanne to GLEE and we watched the pilot together. How I love that show! Just one more day in the city! I am traveling away in Montreal and I have a few highlighted snapshots to show for it :) Started out in Verdun, QC walking from Leanne and Jeremy's apartment to the metro Heading up to the Plateau area to have lunch at Reservoir (a restaurant recommended to me by my sister). So delicious! The restaurant had a laid-back vibe but the food is gourmet in a non-pretentious way. The menu was all in French on a chalkboard and I ordered something where I recognized the words "salmon and apple" but I wasn't wholly sure of what the dish was. However, I did find out it was a pan fried salmon which was topped off with deep fried sweet onions on a baked slice of apple. I know it sounds like a strange combination but it was so inventive and appetizing. I have never tasted anything in my life like it!. To top it off I got warm crusty bread to go along with my latte! Then I was off to a concert at St. James United Church to see Leanne play in her string trio. In between waiting for busses to arrive and dodging hobos at church entrances I couldn't get into I, unfortunately, was late and missed their piece since they were first in the program. But I did catch the other performers and they sounded great. The church was also a really nice venue for music. After the concert I met up with Canadian composer, Donald Patriquin , and chatted about music over sushi. What an excellent combination! We did a gift swap at the end where I passed along some music from the Cantilon Chamber Choir and he shared a DVD with a musical he wrote music and directed call "Chickasaw." He also gave me a reusable bag with a Nietzsche quote in French "Life without music is an error" to bring a hopeful reminder that I made the right choice about not going on the choir tour after reading my post: Choral Apathy . Then I was off to St. Catherine's for shopping! I raided of Simons thoroughly and afterward I gawked at beautiful things I can't afford at Ogilvy's . Since I had time, I went to Schwartz for a smoked Montreal meat sandwich. I was told that I HAD to eat here and after dodging the hobo outside the door (lots of hobo run-in's today) I enjoyed a deli sandwich at the counter. It was delicious but there was just SO much meat. I couldn't even see the bread! I had to divide what I thought was the midway point of the sandwich and eat 4 separate pieces with a fork and knife. It's very much a eat-and-go restaurant, since there's always a line-up, but I think it would be a much more relaxing dining experience if I went back with some more people next time. Then I took the bus back to the McGill area and had a chai latte at Art Java . It was nice to just sit down and read the McGill student newspaper. Olympic news was also on the t.v. so I enjoyed how people were in Stanley Park golfing since the weather was so nice and warm for the Olympics. It was also just nice to be near other students, even though they were all there cramming for exams and finishing up their papers before their reading week, which happens to be a next week. After meeting up with Leanne we came back to her place and baked chai spice cookies from scratch and had a craft evening where we made cards. What a fantastic way to unwind after a very productive day! Because I believe in sharing delicious things, here's the recipe to make your own chai spice cookies! Credit to Lilian, Leanne's friend! Chai-Spiced Cookies Makes about 30 cookies Fragrant with the classic flavors of chai tea, these buttery, crumbly cookies are perfect for dunking in a cup of tea of coffee. Ingredients 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened 1/4 cup granulated sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 cup all-purpose flour 1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves 3/4 teaspoon ground cardamom 1/4 teaspoon salt 3/4 cup powdered sugar, sifted Method Preheat oven to 350¡ãF. Beat butter with granulated sugar and vanilla in a medium bowl until well blended. Stir in flour, spices and salt until just combined. Scoop and roll dough into small teaspoon-sized balls and place about an inch apart on parchment paper-lined baking sheets. Bake until lightly golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool on the sheet for 5 minutes. Roll warm cookies in powdered sugar and let cool completely on a rack. Store in an airtight container. It is high time for a break! More specifically, a reading week break! A full week without early morning classes, assignments and major commitments! Is it sad to say I've been waiting for this since the beginning of January? Anyway, my reading week break will be filled with the following activities: Heading to Montreal to visit my dear friend, Leanne, whom I sang with in Con Fuoco and Jeremy, her lovely husband Meet up with Canadian composer, Donald Patriquin , for a tour of the McGill music department-yay for connecting with awesome music people though blog comments! Shop at Simons -yes, this is totally unrelated to music or choir... but I'm still a girl... and girls shop when they travel :) Drinking hot chocolate and eating copious amounts of Montreal deli sandwiches Coming back home to perform in the Cantilon Broadway Gala's performance of Fiddler on the Roof I'll be back just in time for the Broadway Gala performance. If you read my post on it last year , you can bet it'll be a fun evening indeed. We do the dress rehearsal that afternoon and the performance that evening. I'm missing all of the blocking rehearsals next week leading up to the performance, but thankfully, we blocked Belle Canto's main numbers and for the other group pieces I can easily assimilate myself into the background. I know my notes and words so I'm not worried. Take care and stay warm (for those in chilly climates like mine!) I'll definitely be blogging when I'm in Montreal next week so stay tuned! I have put off writing this post for a while because, frankly, it kills me to be talking about it. For as long as I have been in choir, I have enjoyed the perks of being in a choir from free food to the chance to tour amazing places. In the beginning years of the Chamber Choir , my first tour was to Regina SK, after that was Vancouver BC, following that was my first international tour where we went to Wales for the Llangollen Music Festival , then there was a mini choir exchange tour to Toronto ON. Next, I was off on my next large international trip: Hungary, Vienna, and Prague for the Bela Bartok Festival . Then I had a few years break but I still had the chance to go on a mini trip to Victoria B.C. for a day to sing at a music conference. However, after a few years in Belle Canto , we were off to Cork Ireland to compete in the Cork International Choral Festival ! Then I was extremely lucky to be able to return to Cork the following year because the University of Alberta Madrigal singers entered the same festival as well! Yes, I have been extremely lucky to travel to so many places. Yes, I have been blessed to have had the opportunity to sing in amazing venues. Yes, touring is a luxury and I have been given an experience that some people will never be exposed to. It still hurts though. Since I haven't explained myself very well "it" refers to the fact that Belle Canto is off to compete in the Seghizzi Choral Festival in Italy this July... and I'm not going. This is the first time that I have been left out of a choir tour. Don't get me wrong, it has nothing to do with the choir, I know they would all be happy to have me there, but it's the first time where "life" has interfered with my choral passions. The reason I will not be able to head off to Italy and have wonderful choral adventures is that my Masters program is packed with clinic and courses that I need to complete, which, coincidentally, runs until the end of July. For a few months in the summer last year, after accepting my place in the program, I toyed with the idea of going to Italy.... maybe even just for the weekend! Show up, compete in the classes, and then head back to Canada without missing on any major coursework or clinic time! My mind buzzed with this possibility! Maybe it was possible to have the best of both worlds??? Alas, the stress of not knowing what I would be missing until July arrived and by that point already having my tickets booked just didn't cut it for me. Also, I usually extend my trip and travel after the competition (since I'm already over there) but a 3-day weekend blitz would not really allow for that. I had to make a decision... and school won out. However, I have to admit that when I received my acceptance call from the University, after the initial shock from that message died down, the FIRST thing that popped into my head was: "That means I can't go to Italy." :( For a second I felt like declining my Masters acceptance! I realize that may sound a bit sick to some of you readers. Clearly, I did not act on this natural choral reflex of mine (my parents would have probably slaughtered me after first giving me a raging lecture on how I shamed them and all their efforts to raise me). I have slowly come to terms with the fact that I won't be able to go, trying to find trivial details to make me feel better like "That means I don't have to fundraise like crazy this year! Whoot $2500 saved!", "Nobody knows where Seghizzi is anyway!", and "The performance venue doesn't look that nice". All in attempt to placate my silently suffering self. I have never been through such a bout of choral apathy. It is a deadly thing. It's the crippling unmotivation that is getting me. I feel like I have nothing to work towards this year. Why should I memorize that piece? I won't be able to sing it anyway. Why should I go to that performance? I don't need performance experience anyway. Maybe it's even better for me not to sing since I'm just throwing off the group balance that actually will be touring. I've always known it's important to have a common goal in choir, whether it is for a particular concert or competition, but once that end goal is no longer in sight, it's hard to motivate yourself to continue what you're doing. We all need something to drive us and inspire us to be better. When that stimulus is gone... we're directionless. Meanwhile, I am excited that my choir is going and watching them buzz over the amazing experiences to come! I get to hear about their travel plans and the amazing gigs they are lining up for themselves, such as singing in St. Mark's Cathedral for Sunday service in Venice! However, I can find myself detaching from it since I find it hurts less. The less I know about their wonderful tour plans the less I know about the things I am missing out on. It's not a great strategy but it's the one I'm currently employing. Silent detachment with a hint of grin-and-bear-it. I suppose it would be easier if I could blame this on something. Blame it on the choir for not wanting me there! That's not the case. Blame it on my passion-consuming program! Which is not the case (for the most part). Blame it all on me! Even though I know I made right choice since there wasn't really a choice. All I can do is wish them the best. Cheer them on while they're overseas competing. Hope they bring back a 1st place standing so I can bask in the glory as well, because, hey, even though I'm not standing on the same stage as them in Italy doesn't mean I'm not still a part of the choir :) Oh, and for any of my fellow choristers reading this post, I also wouldn't say no to them bringing home a handsome Swedish choir boy for me :) In the meantime, take care readers, I hope this wasn't too much of a oh-woe-is-me blog post! I really do wish my choir the best and you can bet I'll be singing with them up until the day they leave on that plane to Italy! Oops! I can't believe I missed the one year anniversary of my blog! To think that January 19, 2009 is when it all began... Though I can't say that blogging has forever changed my life, it definitely made my past year much more interesting. As well, it's a very therapeutic way to express my musical thoughts and meet awesome readers! I was able to try my hand at electromusic composition a year ago and I posted lots of fun sound clips of my work for you all to listen to and documented my musical project progress along the way. Blogging also gave me some amazing opportunities to attend and review excellent concerts put on by the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra such as Carmina Burana and the Symphony Under the Sky Festival in Hawrelak park. It was also an exciting time when I was the blog of note for August 20, 2009 and I had hundreds of visitors checking out my page! It was overwhelming to get that amount of traffic but it was so exciting to hear from people around the world who had the same choral passions as I. I like to think that I was able to post a wide array of entries such as the evolution of choral uniforms to more thoughtful entries documenting my choral involvement such as my first time out at camp and my first choir rehearsal . I also hoped that you have enjoyed some of my choral tidbits for success such as faking confidence and having a successful candlelight procession :) Overall, I just want to say thanks to all my readers for actually reading what I have to say! It's staggering to think that people actually want to read my choral thoughts! I've really tried to write my entries in an engaging way since I do believe that there are still people not completely sold on the idea of choral music. It probably doesn't help that one the only times choral music makes it way into mainstream media is when there are booming adult voices singing ominous choruses at a climactic film moment. I'm thinking of the two-on-one lighttsaber duel between Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan, and Darth Maul at the end of Star Wars Episode I. As stimulating as the Duel of the Fates battle sequence was, choral music is so much more than loud chorus singing! Choir is such a dynamic and engaging way to unify individual voices to create an amazing acoustic texture. No choir sounds the same because no choir has the same singers. Every voice has a unique role within a choir and that results in the enjoyment of singing as well as the challenges that choirs face. While I probably don't need to change your mind per say, since you probably have been following my posts due to a personal interest in choral singing, there are still so many more people out who need to experience the addiction that is choir. However, if you, dear reader, are not a chorister but still enjoy my posts... I feel like I have done my job. Take care and talk soon! I may be the only person in the entire Middle East who routinely wears a Reds cap and t-shirt.  That being said, there is no shortage of folks wearing Bankee$ and Bread $ox gear.  In fact, the guy sitting right next to me is wearing the big red B on his head right now.I walked by a shoe shop the other day and there was a massive display of Bankee$ footwear in the window.  I'm talking the whole window, men's, women's, and children's shoes, all with the infamous NY Bankee$ logo stitched all over the place.Ugh.  Really?  Is that the best baseball can do?  Pollute the already troubled Middle East with the stamp of imperialism?  Isn't that NY the epitome of the economic system which has so incensed the have nots that they have taken up arms to defeat it?I have to do that Reds cap thing Jamey Ramsey does on his blog.  I'll get someone to take my photo in my Reds cap in front of some bombed out building or something.  Right now, I am staring out at the Mediterranean from an office window.  It's warm, very warm, and the horizon stretches to infinity as it is prone to do over large bodies of water (very cold water, as I learned last weekend.)  I seem to have everything here - beaches, snow-capped mountains, mounds of hummus and tabouleh, freshly squeezed orange juice, palm trees, a bar where I can drink as much as I want for about $13...but I have this insatiable hunger for something I cannot have.  I want to watch a Reds game, almost to the point of desperation.  Yes, it is February,and no matter where on Earth I am, the hunger arises at the same time every year.I had a dream last night that I was sitting in a ballpark, in all of its infinite green, and I could almost smell that hotdogs and hear the pop of a pitch hitting a mitt.  Nothing like it, that pop. As I sit here now, I can almost hear the humming sound of a fastball tearing through the air, and then...pop!  Such a beautiful song.  I attended this wedding created by the beautiful and talented bride and surrounded by her very generous and creative family. Never have I seen a more beautiful wedding, let alone attended one. It was an honour to be there. We found ourselves breathless at the beauty of it. I spent the weekend in Mudgee (c ountry NSW) a land of rolling green hills wearing uniforms of vines and trees of olives backed by rugged mountains. We finally stopped for lunch after getting lost in the rain for an hour trying to find the restaurant (which funnily enough is named Solitary) because we packed and took off without a single map or address. Plain arrogance I think it was. There we were, thinking we were going to quiet country towns and assuming the places we were headed should be obvious because, well, surely there was little else around. Wrong on the lunch front and wrong again when we tried to find the guest house. We did our research on the scene of the ceremony though because we didn't want to miss a minute - when I show you the wedding, you'll understand why. I have been meaning to tell you how flattered I was when my heavy headed rose postcards (hanging in the top right hand corner) were featured in a beautiful NZ magazine in their Feb/Mar 10 issue which came out on Australia Day featuring these sweet Valentines Day gift ideas. I tend to like the behind the scenes bits best. The part when it all comes together and there are no people there to add unwanted colours and mess to the vision. Just artisans - florists, cake decorators, event designers - working as a team. The only guests pre-party are lovers of colour and create-as-you-go constructionists, and hopefully some strong men to help carry the 'stuff'. Stunning board by super talented Elena . Spot my pic top middle. More 'Things I love Thursday' on her truly gorgeous blog . Flowers enjoyed at night with tea and chocolate and dreams of faraway places. Sugarcoated created the most amazing wedding. Watch their blog over the next few weeks for all the stunning details.  Meet the newest member of my knitting group, Josephine! She must have been so eager to get in on the fibery fun that she decided to arrive early. About 7 weeks early. Now that she's out of the NICU, she's thriving, eating and sleeping and growing like crazy to catch up. Everyone played "pass the baby" the minute she showed up. Squeeeee! ...fly away home. And she did! To my home, that is. My Schacht Ladybug spinning wheel that was my Christmas present arrived near the end of January -- some delay at the factory -- and now we are at the dawning of a new fiber obsession. She came via Woodland Woolworks, which also sent a kit with oil, orifice hook (there must be a better name -- sounds like a medieval torture device), and a pound of fiber, labeled Falkland Top from Argentina. I also ordered a tensioned Lazy Kate that integrates into the frame -- and talk about terrific customer service, I had that Lazy Kate within a week of ordering. So here's what I started with: a pound of undyed wool top, ready for spinning: A friend in the local spinning guild invited me to an open spin-in and got me started, whereupon I worked up a couple of bobbins full of somewhat wobbly singles: Once I had two full bobbins, I took the third and started plying, figuring that out from pictures in books and on the web: And once the first bobbin of plied yarn was full, I stopped at the yarn shop on the way home from work and said, "I need a niddy-noddy, which is not easy to say at the end of a long day!" (Need a niddy noddy.... nod a needy-niddy... nid a noddy-needy...) After I had the first yarn skeined, I washed it in Soak, squeezed out the water, whacked it a few times to fluff it up, and hung it up to dry: And voila! Yarn! Okay, so I have some tension issues and plying issues to work out. But you have to start somewhere. After all, no one sits down to the piano for the first time and plays Chopin perfectly -- and no one sits down at the piano thinking they're going to butcher Chopin on purpose, either. Practice, practice, practice, that's how you get to Carnegie Hall as the old joke goes. And that's how the yarn gets better and better. That's the first 8 ounces of the pound of fiber. Now on to the second half, where I can see my singles are already starting to get a little more even. Aaaand we're done! My third and last project for the 2010 Ravelympics project crossed the finish line last night, a Ripple Cowl done in Plymouth Baby Bunny and finished with vintage pearly plastic buttons. The yarn is listed as a worsted, but I found it knits up more like a DK. I cast on using size 5 needles and followed the directions in the pattern, resulting in a smaller, closer-fitting cowl. It's soft-as-a-bunny and fits fine, though I forgot to move up to larger needles to do the body after the garter borders, so the borders are somewhat ripply. Steaming helped a bit. And now back to our regularly-scheduled knitting: getting the WIPs in shape, then knitting the stash down in preparation for Black Sheep Gathering in June. Welcome back to the Ravelympics . We're live at the Mitten Moguls, watching pair after pair of amazing mitts, gloves, and mittens come sailing down the track. And here we have a very fetching pair of Fetching mitts, knitted in plushy soft Plymouth Baby Bunny , a cotton, rayon, and angora blend. So soft, and yet machine washable! The cats adore the bunny aroma and have already tried to make off with the first mitt before the second one crossed the finish line. A winner all around. Next up: The Scarf Super-G. Will this knitter cross the finish line before the end of the Olympic events? Stay tuned! It seems that if you're one of the Beautiful People, you can wear any damn thing you like and not only get away with it, but enjoy the ooohs and aaaahs of admiration from the crowd. Check out this post from The Sartorialist and see what I mean. Don't know about that coat, but having the enormous self-confidence and panache required to pull off a Muppet coat is something to aspire to. I think my motto as I approach the "next third" of my life is the Ravatar I saw on Ravelry: "I may be weird, but I'm saving up to be eccentric." ...for the 2010 Ravelympics ! Crazy Ravelry folks from around the world are competing with their favorite teams (and the plural form can hold true for individuals, if one is entirely mental, present company included), knitting like gangbusters to complete their pledged projects before the winter games in Vancouver B.C. come to a close. First project on my list, for Team Ivory Tower (go Eggheads!), is now officially complete since I stopped to buy a glass button on the way home and stitched it on. It's the Spiral Cowl from Knitty Gritty Thoughts, done in Manos del Uruguay, Violets colorway, that I had left from a project completed some time ago, perfect for the Stash Compulsory Dance event. A pretty quick knit, with a pattern that you can memorize by the end of the first round. Next up, Fetching mitts for Team Rose and Ram, the local yarn store team. Not the most original choice, since it's THE number one most popular pattern on Ravelry. But hey, I wanted some mitts, I had the yarn in my stash just waiting for a good project, and it looks like a quick knit. On with the games! KNIT two three four, KNIT two three four! (Cross-posted from my garden blog) This is Mr. Licorice, sometimes known as Mr. Fangs and Claws: He came to us as a half-grown abandoned kitten that wandered into a co-worker's garage. Out of all our feline herd, Licorice is the only one who goes outdoors on his own. Even though he's neutered, he acts like an intact tom: aggressive, territorial, foul tempered when he's indoors; aggressive, territorial, and happy to be petted and adored when he's outdoors. Prozac failed to curb his behavior, and while tempting, I can't keep him under sedation all the time. So we had him microchipped, put a reflective collar on him, cross our fingers and hope for the best, knowing that outdoor cats are exposed to all sorts of risks. Well, Licorice must have run head-on into one of those risks, because Monday evening he came in with an open sore on his chest that on inspection looked like an abscess that had opened up. He seemed chipper enough and had a good appetite, but the next morning it was still open and oozing and had a foul odor, so I confined him to the sick kitty crate for observation and called the vet. Most likely he'd gotten into a fight with another cat, and since the wound was on his chest, he was not the one who backed down! Yeah, that's our Mr. Fangs and Claws. Wednesday morning (after a dose of sedative so getting him in the kitty carrier wasn't quite as bad as wrestling a cactus) he went into the vet's office. By then he'd developed a fever and the wound was still draining. When the vet got him under anesthesia and got the abscess open, it was pretty bad. It had gone deep, the fluid inside was thick and smelly, and there was a patch of skin that had gone necrotic. If we'd tried to treat this at home, he wouldn't have lasted long. So Licorice came home that evening and went straight back into the sick kitty crate. He was pretty agitated and loopy coming off the anesthetic, so I covered the crate with blankets, trying to calm him down. The next morning he was very quiet and subdued, probably hurting from the surgery. His appetite was good, though. And this morning he's a little brighter and demanding to be let out of his crate (sorry, it's kind of a nasty view of the drains in his incision): He's eating well and using the litter box, so recovery looks good, but he's not a happy kitty. Hates the plastic cone. Hates being confined. Hates it when the other cats come and stare at him. Poor, sad kitty: That was a $600 hit to our bank account, and we were already tapped out helping my mother-in-law buy heating fuel. I think we've got just enough left for groceries until payday, but we're going to have to be reeeeal careful. It's 2010, and so far, all is well! Happy New Knitting, everyone, and many wishes for a year filled with new opportunities. May this year bring an improved economy and a better world all around. As for me, while I'm fully appreciative that I have a job with benefits, I'm rather hoping for an even better one this year, so wish me luck with the job search. Or rather -- may a job that is a decided improvement over the job that I have appear in my searches, may I be qualified for it, and may I be the one hired! Now, the old knitting: Christmas knitting is all done and presented. My aunt, who visited shortly after Christmas, received this olive beret and neckwarmer, along with homemade jelly and cookies: Hubby got his first pair of handknit socks, made from Blue Moon Fiber Arts Socks that Rock in Haida, one of their Raven colorways (which rubbed black dye onto my fingers and needles!): And I started AND finished a Forest Canopy Shawl, using a couple of skeins of DK alpaca that I had in the stash from long ago and from an LYS long gone. I still have two more skeins of the stuff to play with. The shawl went amazingly fast. Started it on the 28th of December: Finished knitting and weaving in ends on New Year's Eve, blocked it this morning: And wore it to the knit-in at Rose and Ram, the LYS that is oh-so-conveniently on my way to work: I've gone over my Ravelry projects page and have done an accounting of the projects that I completed in 2009. It was a busy year, knit-wise! Counting the shawl that I finished knitting last night and blocked this morning, I had 32 finished projects listed, which are made up of the following: 2 shawls 1 lace kerchief 7 pairs of socks 3 adult hats 1 baby hat 25 preemie caps 2 neckwarmers 1 lace cowl 1 pair of fingerless gloves 1 cabled shrug 3 stuffed toys 1 baby vest 2 baby sweaters 1 pair of baby jeans 2 baby bibs 1 baby blanket 1 CD drive cozy 1 mug cozy Plus 4 UFOs to finish in 2010. Holy cow, I really did all that? And people wonder what I do instead of dribbling away each evening watching TV... To kick off a new year of knitting, I went to the knit-in at the Rose and Ram , along with several others in the Salem Area Ravelers and local knitters and spinners. A good knitting time was had by all: Helen, one of the mods for Salem Area Ravelers, has been collecting preemie caps for the last couple of months, hoping to have a sackful to deliver to the hospital for St. Distaff's Day . Our final count was 75 hats! Since Jan was nice enough to open the shop on New Year's Day for a knit-in, lots of folks made it a point to buy something nice. I picked up two skeins of something new to the shop, this Hacho sportweight wool by Mirasol, intended for a Lacy Baktus shoulder shawl: After a couple of false starts, I got a pair of Sailor's Delight socks from 2-at-a-Time Socks started for my first new WIP for 2010: The instructions in the book are for Magic Loop knitting, and I wanted to do them on two circulars. After fiddling, fiddling, fiddling, ripping out all the cast-on stitches, casting on again, I finally got started by doing the first three rounds of one sock, casting the second on DPNs, doing the first three rounds on that sock, and sliding the second sock onto the circular needles. Hey, whatever works. I'm loving this colorway -- it's Lorna's Laces Shepherd Sock in Edgewater (208) that I bought at Dublin Bay on last spring's yarn crawl . So on to 2010! My knitting plans for this year: Last year was the Summer of the Sock, where I knit my first pair of socks and tacked several more pairs. This year is going to be the Year of the Shawl. The alpaca shawl was just the start. I'm planning to work on some lace knitting skills. Finish all of last year's UFOs. Maybe... maybe... before starting any more WIPs? Maybe? Well, except for an upcoming KAL and whatever service knitting comes along. Knit down the stash! I intend to knit down what I have until the stash box can comfortably close again! I must knit at least two skeins before buying one new one! Hey, there's a new Sock Summit planned for 2011, so I've got to free up some stash space before then! Exception: yarn purchased for gifts or service projects.  These paintings from Frida Kahlo (career of 1926 until her death in 1954) show vivid colors, realistic details and her signature complex symbolism relating to specific incidents in her life. My favorite being her personified shot down deer, a brilliant representation of her emotional state. nypl Al Wadzinski creates sculptural art from found objects. His amazing sculptures utilize a large amalgam of miscellaneous items. The first sculpture in this set, my favorite, is very mystical and raw. Wadzinski from Oshkosh Wisconsin, did not set out to make recycled and salvaged eco art, but with his exciting menagerie of creations I am thankful he did. More on the artist here . Both beautiful and bizarre these unusual critters are part of our planetary network of life. Stek STEK is a beautiful new line of solid wood children's furniture created by architectural designers Patricia Hessing & Ifke Brunings with the help of some talented industrial designers and crafts people. Recessionista alert: Tar-jay (Target) with be partnering with very talented milliner, Eugenia Kim to offer some more affordably priced hats. I'll be in line! Eugenia Kim's Target collection will be available April 18th- June/July 2010, this is her second team up with a large retailer, her first was Urban Outfitters . I must add that these hats are from her regularly priced line, we'll have to wait and see what she brings to Target. Sikkema Jenkins The Kirkland Museum of Denver has a nationally important display of 20th-century decorative arts, with more than 3,300 works on view of Arts & Crafts, Art Nouveau, Glasgow Style, Wiener Werkst?tte, De Stijl, Bauhaus, Art Deco, Modern and Pop Art. A major survey of Colorado art history is documented, with over 170 artists represented by more than 700 works. Most importantly the museum shows a retrospective of Colorado's distinguished painter, Vance Kirkland (1904-1981). The museum was Mr. Kirklands original home and studio. Do not miss a visit to it if you are in the Denver area.  Hello b.vikki vintage readers, I've not forsaken you completely! Yes, it's been a long while since I've posted, but I wanted to share some news with you all and POSSIBLY get your help with a new venture: I'll be freelancing for the next three month over at Zora&amp;Alice ( zora-alice.com ), a new blog and monthly magazine aiming to start a new conversation about black women. Read more about Zora&amp;Alice HERE &amp; below: The Mission: Zora&amp;Alice magazine¡¯s mission is to be the premier online destination for quality reporting and analysis on issues that affect contemporary, young black women. At any given time, we hope to accomplish three of the four: To provide a fresh, intelligent voice for young black women To empower and uplift young black women as they develop unique identities To support and promote young black women as entrepreneurs, creators and pioneers To wear power pumps and rule the world like the stone cold forces we know ourselves to be About the Name: Our name is inspired by the collection ¡± I Love Myself When I¡¯m LaughingÿAnd Then Again When I¡¯m Looking Mean &amp; Impressive,¡± an anthology of works by Zora Neale Hurston and edited by Alice Walker. Zora Neale Hurston was an iconoclast, underappreciated and condemned for her independence, whose many contributions to American literary canon would have been ignored were it not for the persistence of those she inspired, including Walker. I've pursued more interests in my 23 years than I care to recount, but the constant through them all has been writing and literature. I'm very excited to be involved with Zora&amp;Alice and hope you all will check it out in April at the time of its launch. Of course, I'll have lots to say about vintage fashion, among other things, so be sure to sign up for the Zora&amp;Alice email list to stay updated on the magazine's progress. Also, if you are, or know of any great black Etsy retailers, leave your/their info in the comments or email me at becca.oneal@gmail.com! Last but not least, I've got about 20 vintage dresses on my hands and I'll be doing a giveaway VERY soon, so if you like winning free clothes, stay tuned for more info. More posts coming soon! ;) More menswear! The following images are featured in reverse chronological order from the years 1960-1962 with a final photo from 1954. http://menincardigans.tumblr.com/ The above editorial reminds me a bit of the Mad Men season 2 poster - and the train scenes from Revolutionary Road: I know this post is about vintage mens' fashions, but I love the chunky three-stand pearl necklace and wiggle dress on the female model! I wouldn't mind seeing more modern men in patterned blazers! He certainly looks to be in the midst of a jaunty number! A 1961 model dressed like a 2009 hipster dressed like an 1890s dandy (according to the New York Times Style Section, if you want to take their word for it)... A thing like that! And who doesn't love plus-fours? Is that a Bolex you're holding? Like his frames. LOVE her dress! Glitter isn't an oft used term in menswear descriptions these days, but I heartily welcome its return! Again, some of my favorite menswear/fashion/lifestyle blogs: http://vintagegent.com/ http://www.dandyism.net/ (The writing on Dandyism is just as, if not more, substantive than the style tips). The Brooklyn Circus - video http://thebkcircus.com/bkc/ http://putthison.com (All of Jesse Thorn's projects are worth a gander, but this is one of my personal favorites. I also highly recommend his non-fashion related podcast The Sound of Young America) http://streetetiquette.com/ http://nerdboyfriend.tumblr.com/ This post is all about links! First, I want to link to this great post at AfroDandy about Black / African Pin-up art . I'm a big fan of Bettie Page , but have either neglected to seek out or failed to come across many images of Black pin-up models. The image below, originally featured on The Pin-Up Blog caught my eye and I couldn't resist posting it here: The photos are great, but be sure to read Zavi's post! Within that post, was a link to a blog I'd stumbled upon a few months ago while doing research for b.vikki vintage, but had, until the post at AfroDandy, nearly forgotten all about (I almost imperceptibly linked to it in my post on the movie Reet, Petite, and Gone ) : Ladies of Harlem ! It's a simple, one page site, but the pictures speak volumes! I'll be posting more consistently in the coming days: more mens fashions from the 50s and early-mid 1960s, part 2 of Vintage Black Voters and Politicians, and the Vintage Black Brides series will move into 1961.... and if you read this blog, you know that I never EVER stick to a schedule, so there will be plenty of mix-ups and unexpected posts along the way. Today is my 23rd birthday! And the three month anniversary of b.vikki vintage! Thank you all for reading. Don't forget to visit b.vikki vintage on Etsy! The first Vintage Black Weddings post of the 1960s! I've been looking forward to breaking into this decade, as the gown styles become more fashion forward seemingly overnight. The line of demarcation is so pronounced it seems there was no time to transition. In this post, featuring gowns, weddings, and brides from the year 1960, you can whet your appetites with a brief taste of the styles to come. I remember hearing during a Making Of Mad Men special that they chose to set the first season of the show in 1960 because the last year of any decade is the culmination of the culture of the one it proceeds (for example: the year that best sums up 1980s style and culture was 1990). This post can be added to the anecdotal evidence column in proof of that theory. As you can see, the prevalent 1950s trend of longsleeved gowns with scalloped or diaphanous necklines is still dominant in 1960. What I love most about this photo is that the affection is so clearly evident! Looking at so many wedding photos has desensitized me to the occasion a bit, but images like the one above remind me of what it's all about. In the image above, from a 1960 Ebony Fashion Fair editorial, you can see the gown styles shifting from the traditional silhouettes of the 1950s to more mod, architectural designs of the 1960s. In the next installment of Vintage Black Weddings, this shift becomes even more apparent. Because the photo above is from a pictorial and straight from the runway, it's a few years before this style trickles down to every day brides. But when it finally does, it revolutionizes bridal fashion. A wedding fountain! A thing like that! Trans-World Airlines' first Black hostess - reminds me of this post. Eartha Kitt's 1960 wedding to John "Bill" McDonald must have been stunning. Her contoured illusion neckline is really beautiful in satin. The next Vintage Black Weddings post, featuring images from 1961, is quite the departure from previous installments. I'm looking forward to sharing it with you all. Thanks for reading. Don't forget to visit b.vikki vintage on Etsy! Don't forget to visit b.vikki vintage on Etsy! In 2008, I cast my first Presidential vote. I'd missed being of age to vote in the previous Presidential election of 2000 by only 6 months. By 2008, I'd voted in several local and senatorial elections, including my having voted for Barack Obama for senator in my home state of Illinois in 2004. During the summer of 2005, I interned at a political fundraising firm and got a brief taste of the political arena in Chicago and Illinois. Kwame Raoul, the state senator who filled the seat evacuated by Obama when he was elected to the United States Senate, was among the firm's client. For an exceptionally transient moment in time, I thought I'd enter politics and was enamored of all its glamour. I remember exactly where I was when Barack Obama announced his candidacy for the presidency. There'd been much teasing in the months preceding his official declaration, on local new shows and before football games, all to innocuous results. It was February 2006. I was in Cincinnati for a party with friends from Chicago. We turned on the television at our host's home, which was crowded with 18 and 19 year olds, and a few young 20-somethings, tired from the night before, jaded in ways I probably don't need to describe any further, to find Barack Obama on the capitol steps at Springfield making his presidential run official. Everyone in the room understood the significance. I'd never, at the time, been more proud to be a young voter from Chicago. Since that day, November 4th 2008 and January 20th 2009 have eclipsed the pride I then felt. Not to diminish my generation's role in the election of Barack Obama, but I can't imagine the impact and overwhelming emotions felt by voters of color in the 1950s and 1960s, who dared to vote in the South while being confronted with threats of violence, of those who partook in and witnessed the election of an ally in Kennedy. The images below begin to tell their stories: This Leaders of Womanpower group reminds me of Betty Draper's Junior League in season 3 of Mad Men. In the coming days, I'll post more images and article excerpts of voters and politicians of color from 1963-1969. I'll also be continuing the Vintage Black Weddings and Vintage Menswear series, and will have more information, images, and clips from Vintage Black Films. Thank you for reading! Don't forget to visit b.vikki vintage on Etsy! Don't forget to visit b.vikki vintage on Etsy! I've gotten more than a few requests to feature menswear on b.vikki vintage and to offer men's items in my Etsy shop. Of course! Who doesn't want to look like Don Draper? In the nascent days of b.vikki vintage I did a post featuring After 6 Tuxedo ads from 1959 - 1968 . As a continuation of that post, I offer the following vintage menswear looks (editorials and ads) as sartorial inspiration for male readers of b.vikki vintage. The images below are from 1968 and 1969 editions of Ebony Magazine. Enjoy! Men certainly didn't seem to be afraid of color in the late 1960s! I still love a man in a cardigan. It's a great way to look. The author of one of my favorite Tumblrs seems to agree: http://menincardigans.tumblr.com/ This Paris brand undergarments ad from 1969 evokes American Apparel, no? Several of the pictorials featured here that were shot at the Playboy headquarters in Chicago - which was, incidentally, very close to the Ebony Magazine headquarters. Hats! Hats should definitely come back. I know this post is about men, but that lime green two-piece ensemble is stunning. I'll continue this post later (probably later today) with earlier vintage menswear looks from the 1950s and early to mid 1960s. Here are some of my favorite menswear items available for sale on Etsy. Vtg Mens MILITARY Blazer Navy Blue NAUTICAL COAT Double Breasted http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=37444715&amp;ref=cat3_gallery_15 Hunter Green Cardigan, Size M http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=37419760&amp;ref=cat3_gallery_20 vintage BURBERRYS herringbone twill wool BOMBER jacket http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=36989102&amp;ref=cat3_gallery_4 Mens Wool Pinstripe Suit M http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=32599721 1960's Vintage Ultra Mod Striped Burgundy and Blue Mens Jacket Blazer http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=36191967 During my next acquisitions trip (which is quite the embellishment. What I actually do would be more accurately described as lurking at thrift stores and estate sales), I'll be sure to keep a keen eye out for any fascinating men's items! I'm a fan of foppish dandies, as I fancy myself an eventual quaintrelle, so this post has been LONG overdue. Some of my favorite vintage menswear/fashion/lifestyle sites and blogs: http://vintagegent.com/ http://www.dandyism.net/ (The writing on Dandyism is just as, if not more, substantive than the style tips). The Brooklyn Circus - video http://thebkcircus.com/bkc/ http://putthison.com http://streetetiquette.com/ Don't forget to visit b.vikki vintage on Etsy! Don't forget to visit b.vikki vintage on Etsy! Before two and a half weeks ago I'd posted on b.vikki vintage regularly every day. I now plan to pick up the frequency yet again and get things back to normal around here! Here are some photographs and editorial shots from vintage issues of Ebony and Jet magazines from 1953 to 1967 of winter holiday celebrations and scenarios. The photo above is my favorite. We're getting to see a party, this one from 1963, in media res. The subjects aren't self-conscious and seems to be genuinely having a GREAT time. Wishing a safe and happy holiday season to all b.vikki vintage readers! Thanks for reading. Don't forget to visit b.vikki vintage on Etsy! The Boy said that was very bad of me to say that Tangobaby is dead and that I should apologize. Apparently he was not the only one who thought&nbsp; my sensationalism was naughty. I'm sorry. I'm not dead. Even this blog isn't dead. I'm going to leave it here for posterity. So, I will try this again: Hi guys! I have a new site. Come on over and see me there because I won't be over here anymore. http:julieliveshere.com Long live julie lives here . ( http://julieliveshere.com ) --- Maybe I'm being a wee bit dramatic but I hope I did grab your attention. ;-) It finally occurred to me that I needed a different place to put my stuff that's not CALIBER or i live here:SF or HAMO . Three years ago, almost by accident, I started this blog. My goodness, what a lot has happened since then. At first I wrote about movies I'd seen and then a lot about dancing tango. Blogger was very good to me, and being a Blog of Note in 2008 gave me a taste of what the wider world of blogging was all about. It inspired me to write more, share more and try to hone my skills with storytelling, idea generation and even be cognizant of good old-fashioned grammar. I got a camera in 2008 and that exploded my world wide open again. Now I could provide my own images to accompany my own stories. The avenues for creativity seemed to grow exponentially. And then the whole aspect of using the blog as an element of change and raising awareness happened in April of 2009. Learning very personal lessons about poverty, homelessness, friendship and hardship. Along the way, I lost some friends. I think I made more than I lost. Some people wanted the old tangobaby back. I couldn't summon her. She bored me. I have so many things to tell you. About the people I meet and the things I do and hopefully it's not the same ol' same ol' but stories and ideas you'll want more of. I just can't put them here anymore. It's funny how much something like a blog template or platform can be a hindrance or boost to your&nbsp; mind's inner workings. I realize now that I've outgrown Blogger and so have moved on to this new Wordpress site. It's funny, I had been so attached to my tangobaby name. I thought I wouldn't be able to be what you thought I was without that name. I agree, it's been fun. We've had a good run. I've gotten a lot of pleasure out of being tangobaby and there's a place in my heart where shiny stilletto heels and the mournful bandoneon music still lives. But I can be so much more by just being Julie. So, I hope you'll follow along. This tangobaby place has been good to me but I'm not taking it along. See you soon. http://julieliveshere.com Janika and Gabrielle (9 months) --- The two of them arrive around 1pm, just as lunch is being served. Proud mommy Janika tells everyone, she's got a tooth! Her first tooth! Women of all ages, colors, sizes crowd around mother and child. The baby, in her light purple sweatsuit, is definitely a rock star. She loves the faces surrounding her, the attention, the laughter and arms reaching out to touch her. I'm at WDDC, otherwise known as the Women's Daytime Drop-in Center, in North Berkeley. The WDDC is a non-profit program that empowers women and children to move from the streets to a home. Not all of the women here are mothers. Some are single, older women: some homeless, some getting aid for housing. All are here for lunch and companionship. The WDDC is an unusual place. It's a home, literally. Situated in a residential neighborhood, there's a kitchen with two volunteers cooking barbequed pork and yams, a living room with sofas and chairs and books, a dining area, and then several rooms devoted for client consultations and offices. The home is old, but still, it's a home. It feels comfortable and welcoming. Instantly upon my arrival, at least three people bid me hello and ask me if I need help. I can't tell if they're working there or the clientele. I'm taken around and introduced to everyone. I tell them I'm there to collect stories, to listen, to take photos. I tell them I'm with Help A Mother Out , and that we help donate diapers here. Women who don't even have kids thank me for the diapers. Everyone realizes here that any assistance and outpouring of help benefits them all. Janika especially is so grateful for the diapers. She says," I haven't had to worry about diapers at all since the baby was born. Thank you!" Some of the women are shy. They don't want to talk or have their photo taken. A couple others want me to teach them photography. We sit around the long tables while they eat their lunches and they talk about finishing school, finding new homes, getting jobs. I will be back. --- WDDC provides ongoing and intensive counseling, case management services, daily support groups, a comprehensive children's program, a variety of referral services, and a transitional housing program for for single-parent families. Due to cutbacks, WDDC has had to lay off two key employees, one a counselor for the children.&nbsp; You can read more about WDDC here and more about Help A Mother Out here. You can donate diapers online to WDDC or other Bay Area nonprofits here. You can read more about our diaper drive and awareness raising efforts here. A few of you have been kind enough to tell me about this danged pop-up window that, well, pops up , when you come to my blog. (It happens to me too. Just click cancel and it will go away. I know, it's super annoying.) Of course, I assumed that I f'ed something up, but come to find out that it's a bug with Twitter and I actually I had nothing to do with it. See, here it is . --- However, I do have to tell some of you guys that have the embedded comments on your blogs... I can't leave comments for you. I still think it's a bug that Blogger hasn't figured out yet . What it means is that if you don't link your name to your email address or have another clear way on how to send you a message, then I might not be the only person who's trying to be in touch with you and can't. Just mentioning it, especially to those of you who might wonder why you don't get comments or emails back sometimes... --- I'm hard at work on stuff for our diaper drive and planning some photo shoots for i live here:SF. We have a new group photo up on CALIBER now... take a peek!&nbsp; You can see my haircut. ;-) It's still raining but I have more Happy for you. Gregory and Xeno. I love her. (My sister made her. Good work there.) It's rainy and grim looking outside but this little face has made the sun shine already today. You can see another image here . Grandpa on his birthday, with his girlies. --- "Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family."&nbsp; ~Anthony Brandt --- Today was one of those days that I wished I had a laptop, or even a scrap of paper, for a brain dump. All those hours in the car, coming back from LA, coming back from family, from the birthday and I had so many thoughts and ideas crawling around in my head and now they've disappeared like ghosts. With my luck, they'll wake me at 3am and then I'll try to catch them, like fireflies. We had a lovely time. Grandpa was happy. I think we tuckered him out but in a good way that I know he won't mind. The girlies are beautiful and must be renamed as Little Curly Girl's hair is straighter now. Princess Chubness is getting long and lean and is not really so chubby anymore. She's walking and growing little teeth and is sporting about ten thousand long eyelashes. It's raining and I'm home. I'm going to lie in bed and listen to it rain. Nighty nite. Hi all, Just a quick hello because I'm headed down to LA to see my grandpa on what has to be the fastest planned trip I've taken yet. He turns 94 on Friday and this seems like it's a happy/sad visit, kind of a hello/happy birthday/goodbye visit. I'm going to try to focus on the happy part and not the sad part, if I can help it. I didn't want to disappear without saying howdy, and also to let you know that I am typing this post on probably one of the most ancient laptops that still works. It's my dad's, and we actually have to preheat it, like a toaster oven, for about 10 minutes before we can use it. My mom says, "Sid, go preheat the computer so Julie can send an email to her friends!" And like 10 minutes later, I can use this thing, which makes little windy whirring noises, has a plastic floppy sticking out of the drive (remember those gadgets?!) and has the screen propped up because the hinge is broken and the screen falls over if you don't hold it up with something heavy. So while I am able, here writing on this preheated computer, I wanted to tell you that the interview I'm posting tomorrow on CALIBER is really cool and you should check it out. I have some "preheated" posts scheduled there so at least there will be something pretty to look at. Okay, catch you later, peeps. See you when I get back from LaLa Land. xoxo  And here is all put together. I was happy. And loved the table settings and the flowers arrangements - green is not appreciated as a flower colour. Great wedding - the bride sang to the groom. Tired feet. Sleep now. Baking again soon. I decided to do a cutting cake for the happy couple. I had no idea how I was going to decorate the cake as the florist had told me that green cymbidiums are not in season until June. It was pure luck that these orchids were at the florist on my way home last night!!! (Side note - I have an exciting project in the works. Hopefuly it will come together!) The cutting cake it also carrot passion cake. Had to be. I wanted to make a carrot cake befitting for a passionate couple. This is soooooooooo good. I figured adding two p's - pomegranate and pistachio would up the passion in the carrot cake. I soaked the currants in orange juice. The carrot cake itself is really really (it is not your 'healthy' carrot cake). But totally fitting to have on a special occassion - like a wedding. I want to say it again. So good. I played around with my Love Chai tea. This was a mud cake. Not sure chai works as a mud cake. Filled with Dulce de leche. Yes I made the obligatory chocolate cupcakes. Flavour number two for the wedding - custard passionfruit cupcakes with white chocolate buttercream. Custard. Passionfruit. Nuff said. Ay yai yai. A couple of burnt finger tips and numerous cans of spray paint later the day my girlfriend's wedding finally happened. The theme was lime green and silver. I think I managed to coordinate everything well. The cupcake stand? Made (thanks dad!). The organza flowers? Made! Cupcake flavours? Decided! Five flavours. I don't care what anyone else says, baking in these 'cupcake' cups is hard. Not a big fan. I mean, yes they look good. But it is so much easier and I think the cupcakes cook and look so much better in the traditional paper liners. These are gluten free lemon cupcakes. Fantastic cupcake. Not so great photo or presentation. I made the peanut butter dulce de leche myself. So good. All the flavours complimented each other. Need to make this again. Next time I will get rid of the raspberry seeds so the ganache is smooth. Having said that, no one complained about having raspberry seeds in the ganache. New York has gone through a number of transformations over the years. From the 1960s and 70s - when love and art reigned, the time of Andy Warhol and the Factory, Patti and Robert and Woodstock and 20-cent subway rides - to the 80s, when Wall Street began to fully emerge as a driving force in the world, to the 90s, when disillusionment and safe sex reigned, to the 2000s, the New York of post-Sex and the City consumerism, which saw Starbucks and a number of other annoying trendy chain spots popping up on literally every corner. Perhaps ironically, that's the New York I fell in love with back in 2004 when I first visited the city - or more accurately, I fell in love with the city when it was in this stage of evolution. Because, ultimately, there's one thing that never seems to change about the city: its energy, and the feeling it stirs in people who are drawn to it. And that energy, that feeling, is embodied in another thing about the city that never really changes: the food cart.The food cart is a magical thing. It's a cart in every sense of the word - it has wheels, it's pulled behind a vehicle, it's partially open-air - but it serves a higher purpose in providing busy New Yorkers with things that are edible. There are a number of different types of food carts in the city. The most common are the hot dog/sausage carts that heavily populate touristy areas like Rockefeller Center and Herald Square, and the gyro/shish kabob carts that tend to park in areas where young people gatI saw Dr. R (my Lyme doctor) today. And since I haven't posted here for a while, I've got a fair amount to report. I'll start with the good news. The good news : I'm doing better. I know that every time I say this, I end up crashing. But for right now, today, I'm at about 35% energy-wise, 45% neuro-cognitive ability. This is the best I've been since getting sick in November 2007. So it appears that the Rocephin has been doing its job. And my labs are still beautiful, so my body is handling the medication load just fine. So because I'm doing well, it's time to push a little harder. Of course. So I'm going to be doing 2 grams Rocephin twice daily, four days on and three days off. I'm stopping the Plaquenil today. In two weeks, after I've adjusted to the Rocephin change, I'm stopping the Diflucan and grapefruit seed extract and going back on Flagyl (500 mg, twice daily, five days on and two days off). The doxy is staying the same (400 mg/day). I'm also going to stay on Cipro (for bartonella) for another 1.5 months. And I'm quitting the monolaurin (taken for EBV and HHV-6). And the most exciting thing of all? I am trying out private yoga classes. Regular classes are too fast-paced, but the restorative classes are too slow/easy. So I'm working one-on-one to establish poses that I can do (particulary with my PICC line in place) and remind my body what the proper alignment is said poses. I went to my first lesson yesterday, and it was a really good experience. And now the bad news . Holy morphine, Batman, I hurt like a son of a biscuit. The joint pain has receded and for the moment is only bothering me occasionally. The deep bone pain is annoying but that's about it. The back/neck pain, however, is like to drive me mad. I'm currently taking 20 mg Kadian (extended release morphine) at night, along with 1200 mg gabapentin, and it's barely touching the pain. So I'm going to go up to 1800 mg gabapentin and see if that helps. If not, I'm going to have to talk to my pain management doctor to see to do next. The pain is, naturally, interfering with sleep in a major way. At the same time, the trazodone hasn't been helping. I'm making an appointment to talk about what, if anything, I can/should do about it. I've also started acupuncture, and I'm hoping it will help. Finally, a new symptom has popped up. I've felt very short of breath on and off for a while. Sometimes during activity, sometimes when I'm lying in bed. There appears to be no pattern. So just to be on the safe side, I'm going to have a chest CT tomorrow morning to rule out a possible pulmonary embolism. With the PICC line, there's the chance of small blood clots forming at the tip of the line and breaking off and entering the lungs. This, as you might guess, is not good. Thus, the CT. There are many possible causes for shortness of breath, including thyroid and adrenal issues (and babesia and the bizarre mess that is Lyme itself). So there are many less severe possibilities than pulmonary embolism. Still, better safe than sorry and all that. I'm still wrestling with sleep. My pain management doctor has switched me from hydromorphone to oxycodone at night. I fear that the pain meds are still acting as a stimulant, though. I've also stopped taking clonazapam due to possible drug interactions. In its place, I've been prescribed a very small dose of trazodone. Trazodone is a tetracyclic antidepressant that is also used to treat insomnia. Because, apparently, drowsiness is a common side effect. I am starting the trazodone tonight. I very much hope it works, because I'm like the walking dead here. I've been able to get maybe six hours of sleep in the last two days, and I'm exhausted. Amusingly enough, I've just started the new Charlie Huston novel, Sleepless , a nice little post-apocalyptic story about a plague that prevents people from sleeping. I am aware of the irony. Thank you. Sleep. Such a simple thing. And so horribly fickle. At night, I can't sleep. I think the hydromorphone is paradoxically acting as a stimulant (Valium did the same thing when I took it a while back), keeping me awake. And the dose I'm taking isn't quite enough to dull the pain, particularly on nights like the last. My wrists, hands, shoulders, hips, and ankles all ached, and a chill current passed through my bones. I'm now taking 600mg gabapentin at night, but it's also not quite doing the trick. Adding extra clonazapam doesn't help me fall asleep any faster, though it does result in heavy sedation the following morning. A typical night/day is as follows. Go to bed at 11:00. Try to sleep. Fail. Eventually get out of bed around 2:00 and fuss around for 30 - 60&nbsp; minutes. Go back to bed. Finally fall asleep. Alarm goes off at 10:00 AM. Try to get up. Sometimes fail, sometimes make it. Am exhausted and foggy. By 4:00 PM, am fighting to stay awake. Pinching myself. Try to stay busy. Sometimes stay awake. Sometimes simply cannot and fall asleep despite myself. Wake up in one or two hours. Feel like crap. Go to bed at 11:00. Wash, rinse, repeat. I've tried getting up at 8:00 to make sure I'm REALLY REALLY REALLY tired by 11:00 so I have no choice but to fall asleep. No joy. I think that the medication combination is somehow undermining my efforts. Which poses its own problem. If I stop taking the hydromorphone entirely, or even reduce the dose, it's likely that the pain, which is already highly distracting while on narcotics, will keep me awake. Additional sleep aids (clonazapam as well as other herbal options) might knock me out, getting tossed into the river Lethe without a flotation device isn't exactly what I'm going for either. Anyway. To summarize. So. Frustrating. I'm seeing my pain management doctor on Friday, so hopefully he'll sort out the hydromorphone portion. And then I need to see Dr. M to get the clonazapam sorted. And did I mention that Dr. R prescribes the gabapentin? I wish I could get everyone in a room together and have them actually collaborate on One Treatment Plan, with each other's immediate opinions and feedback. I also wish I had a unicorn. Yesterday I had a lymphatic drainage massage, then I saw Rose for a shamanic/Reiki healing session. And then I had the first dose in this round of IV glutathione. During my session with Rose, there was a lot of energetic clearing work that went on. I could tell the story, but it just wouldn't have the same resonance anymore, which I suppose is kind of the point. In any case, there was all sorts of physical, emotional, mental, spiritual clearing. Sweeping out the cobwebs. By the time I got into bed, I was ready for sleep. And I got sleep. Good sleep, too. And a lot of it. My alarm went off at 10:00 AM. I turned it off and resolved to get up. Then it was noon. OK, I thought, it's really time to get up. So I get out of bed. At 2:00 PM. I had a snack, took my meds, and tried to stay awake. By 4:30, I was back in bed and fast asleep. I got up again at 6:30. So when Nick came home from work at 7:00, I'd been awake for a grand total of three hours. So, I've had two days of little but self-care. Clearly it was needed, and I'm glad I'm starting to listen to my body. As you may remember, I had a wee bit of difficulty on Tindamax. After my second attempt to start it, on New Year's Day, I collapsed in a puddle of confused neurotransmitters. I thought that maybe--just maybe--this could be the sign of a very powerful die-off reaction (cysts in the brain and all), but I wasn't sure. Given my physical pain level at the time, I decided to stop the Tindamax again, wait until I saw my pain management doctor to get the pain under control, and then see what my LLMD had to say about my reaction to Tindamax. (I was planning to see both doctors within a week of each other anyway.) I saw my LLMD on Friday. I told him how I reacted to the Tindamax--which was entirely different than I'd reacted to Flagyl, a similar drug--and he suggested that it's highly likely that Tindamax and I are just not compatible. That my extreme emotional walloping was the result of a nasty drug side effect and not a herx (die-off reaction). So no more Tindamax for me. Done. Since Tindamax was my cyst-killing agent, we needed to plug that gap in my medication regimen. Plaquenil may or may not kill cysts, depending on whose research you read. So I might be covered there. But we're adding the Diflucan back in (there were signs that yeast might be returning anyway), and I'm also starting grapefruit seed extract, which is supposed to help with cyst-killing. I also asked Dr. R to prescribe another round of IV glutathione, as it seemed to really help last time. I think that my recent lab work is also testament to the glutathione and other liver support I'm doing. I have the lab results of someone who isn't taking any antibiotics, not those of someone on an extended period of of multiple antibiotics. So that is very, very good. Since it's been a while, we also checked my vitamin B12, vitamin D, and ferritin (iron storage) levels. My B12 was over 2000, while "normal" is between 211 - 911 pg/mL. So suck it, vegan-haters, all claiming that I can't get my B12. Suck. It. My vitamin D just barely above the minimum of the normal range. Not terribly shocking, since it's a Seattle winter and I've been avoiding too much sun exposure due to the doxycycline. Still, it's a clue that I might want to make sure I continue to supplement, perhaps even increasing from 1000 IU to 2000 IU daily. It is, after all, a dark and cloudy winter in the Emerald City. Finally, my ferritin level is right in the middle of the normal range for a woman. And I haven't been supplementing with iron for ages--months or maybe even a year. So, again, suck it, vegan-haters. I get my iron. Suck. It. Every happy lab result is like a little victory. P.S. Points to those who get the song reference in my post title. I'm the white rabbit. P.P.S. I still fondly remember the TKK concert at which I was kicked in the face, resulting in the loss of one of the lenses in my glasses. Luckily, my brother was with me and could drive us home. Ah, memories. Hydromorphone. Dilaudid, if you want to get formal. We're figuring out how we feel about each other. What direction is this relationship going? Is this something that's going to work? Because at first, darling D, you just weren't doing enough for me. I did exactly what I was supposed to do, but your 2 mg pill was just not meeting my needs. I'd stay up late into the night, wishing you could do for me what you'd promised. So we've moved to the 4 mg pill level. I let you get to second base with me in the backseat of the car. I slept too deeply afterward, but that could have been the clonazapam talking. I woke up at 4 AM and you were gone. I ached for you. Literally, darling. My hips, legs, ankles...I was on fire for you, burning a cold electrical passion in the very marrow of my bones! I got out of bed to look for you, and you were there for me. Another 4 mg and we snuggled back to sleep. Last Friday I saw my pain management doctor. The methadone hives had returned by that point, so it was obvious that I had to switch medications. He prescribed 2 mg hydromorphone (common brand name: Dilaudid), after my insurance refused to cover his first choice, oxymorphone, or Opana; Opana, despite being developed around 1914 and introduced to the U.S. in 1959, is still only available as a brand name drug. So it's expensive. Like, ridiculously expensive. Anyway, now I'm taking hydromorphone. It's not working. At least, it's not working at my current allowed dose. Which is why I'm awake and blogging at 1:00 AM. Tomorrow I'm going to call the pain management doctor and ask what I should do. It's possible that I need a larger dose, or that this medication just isn't right for me. The joint and bone pain continues unabated. The bone pain isn't surprising, but I'd always been thankful that of all the crap I've got to deal with, at least I don't have the classic Lyme joint pain. It's mostly in my lower body--hips, knees, ankles, and all the tiny little joints in my feet. The pain is causing me to make my Ugly Sick Pain Face. I grind my teeth and clench my jaw and scowl without realizing it. Until I look in the mirror. And then I'm all, "Damn! Where did that scary, ugly chick come from?" I've told Nick that if the most severe of my Ugly Sick Pain Face Lines remain after I get well, I am seriously going to consider plastic surgery to smooth out my face just a little. Or else I will forever look like I'm in a very bad mood. And once we're not spending gazillions of dollars on Lyme treatment every month, we'll have the disposable income for a little beauty restoration. Right? Of course, it's highly likely that the Ugly Sick Pain Face Lines will fade on their own once I'm no longer making the Ugly Sick Pain Face all the time. On my good days, and particularly during my rare good weeks, the lines do fade and I suddenly look my age again. On Saturday morning, I decided that I had to take a vacation from Sucktown, and I went back on the methadone. Allergies be damned. I couldn't deal with one more sleepless night Saturday and Sunday night were blissful. I slept . For hours and hours and hours. And then some more. The deep bone pain was gone and I could catch up on all the rest I'd been missing. Unfortunately, the itching has returned. Still no hives, but it's looking like confirmation that I'm slightly allergic to methadone. But I don't care. I'm going to keep using it until I see my pain management doctor on Friday. But wait! If I'm all happy and sleeping well and life is roses, why am I blogging at 3:00 AM? Nightmares. Unrelenting nightmares. After my first hour or so of sleep, I got up and had a tiny bit of chocolate (always good for you). OK. Back to bed. More nightmares. I try to clear the energy in the room. But I keep falling back asleep and into the nightmares. So I'm blogging, hoping my brain will reboot and I can get some more of that delicious sleep. I plan to spend a little time clearing out my energy field, as well as the bedroom's. Make sure I'm properly grounded and centered before I get back into bed. Update: Finally got to sleep around 5:00 AM. Slept until 2:45 PM. Was nauseated and dizzy all day. Whee! Betty and Don and Roger and Joan dolls will launch in July to help promote the start of Season 4.Mattel will issue 7000-10,000 copies of each doll but you won't find them in toy stores, only in specialty stores and two websites: amctv.com and barbiecollector.com.Of course, dolls come with period accessories like fedoras, pearls and padded bras. But no cigarettes, ashtrays or cocktail shakers. Ironic that Betty can smoke and drink while she's pregnant but not while she's Barbie.  Since the Old Spice commercial launched on the Superbowl, "I'm on a horse" has entered pop lexicon. It's been a frequent retweet on twitter where the guy on the horse, of course, has his own account. It's engendered countless blog posts and news nods and chatter on Facebook and even interviews with its creators from Wieden and Kennedy who explain how the spot was a accomplished in a single, incredible shot. (57 takes)Ad phrases that become catch phrases are nothing new, but what is new is that the commercials that spawn them are now the beginning, not the end of consumer engagement. When media flights for "spicy meatball" and "where's the beef?" ended,  so did consumer involvement with content. But now the impact of brand messaging only begins with traditional ad buys, if content is compelling enough to inspire people to share it. The Old Spice spot has already exceeded 7 million views on youtube, numbers achieved because the spot went to social networks in conjunction with (not instead of) conventiYou always think I can do that, the reality is a million miles away. Well it certainly is for me anyway. Especially when he dropped that pole even lower.No I didn't publicly humiliate myself by trying. I left that to a tourist egged on by his friends. I'd never heard of this sport until last weekend, even though it has been around since 1891. As part of the festivities of the East End festival this exciting version known as hardcourt cycle polo was played at Spitalfields Market.There are three core rules of play:In the case of a 'foot down' or 'dab' (touching the ground with ones foot) the player must "tap out" by riding to mid-court and hitting a designated area with their mallet. There is usually a tap-out located on either side of the court.In order to score, the offensive player must hit the ball across the goal line using the narrow end of the mallet - this is called a "shot" or "hit" - hitting the ball across the goal line with the wide end of the mallet is called a "shuffle".When your team scores a goal, you wait back in your end for the other team (player or ball, whichever comes first) to cross half before engaging in play again.There are three contact rules: body on body, bike on bike and mallet on mallet.An etiquette rule is that you play others as hard as they play you  Last Friday I was feeling brave. I decide I am going to march into Sonia Rykiel Saint-Germain and ask politely if I can take a few discrete photos for PB. After all I attended the show bla bla bla... They say I must speak to Presse upstairs... Up I go to the press office and wait a little bit tenuously, biting nails furiously, praying, hoping... Out comes Claire (who invited me to the show), Edouard (Communications) AND Lola ( Nathalie Rykiel's daughter!!!). They say to me, "We love your blog" (!!!) "Of course you can take pictures." I am melting... The SR store is spacious Every inch packed with divine SR items for every moment of the day. Lola tells me the windows always have books on display... Her grandmere, Sonia Rykiel has always gotten inspiration and ideas from books, so they are an important part of the store concept - here the mannikin wears a book on her head... Even the sweater shelves are like bookshelves! Of course there are the signature Sonia stripes... miam The skylight reflects those graphic stripes... A vendeuse pulls out a drawer for a customer full of Sonia treasures... miam miam I heart these red lips. Sonia's accessories have always been the wittiest and the best IMHO... I long to step into this snow globe and stay indefinitely... Nathalie Rykiel, Sonia's daughter, created her first collection, Sonia Rykiel Enfant while pregnant. Really they are a team: Sonia + Nathalie + Lola - 3 generations of Rykiel women, creating clothes for women by women. Nathalie is celebrating the birth of her first book, " Tu Seras Une Femme, Ma Fille " I draw Lola Rykiel and this is Max , the bear she gave me... Max will only drink chocolat chaud at cafe Le Select . He is quite particular like any French bear. Please visit Max at the new Sonia Blog . BONJOUR SONIA RYKIEL SAINT-GERMAIN! et merci!!! This feed contains copyrighted photos and text from http://www.parisbreakfast.com. Please contact carol(dot)gillott(at)verizon(dot)net. When I left the Yves Saint Laurent exhibit at the Petit Palais on Friday morning, this was the line waiting. Get your ticket at FNAC please . I walzed in with no hindrance. Assuming you're planning to be in Paris... This bow affair is one of YSL's early works at his first coutourier, Dior. Red lips on black velvet and a definite charmer... YSL's use of and influence by artworks is evident throughout the exhibit - Here Mondrian and Matisse ... The strong exotique influence of the Near East and Morocco, his home away from Paris is another strong theme... Some Braque-influenced gowns... There's almost too much to take in here- YSL was such an innovator and constantly referencing all sorts of sources... There's a room of just fabric swatches - YSL was a great colorist. Pink was his favorite color. There are 15 rooms to view and near the end this grand collection of brilliantly colored evening gowns. In the same room - it's worth getting the audio tape, though it could take a week to get through it.. The back wall of this large room is painted black and completely covered with YSL's "Le Smoking" suits . The pencil sketches always catch my eyes - here The Trench. Plus I love the antics of his cartoon character, Lulu... Word out is that YSL could be quite cranky and unreasonable at times. Perhaps too much drink, drugs can be held accountable... There's a new book out on this aspect of his personality, Mauvais Garcon /Naughty Boy. Yet this picture in a book at Galerie Laffayette of YSL with all of his French Bull Terriers won me over completely - he is so obviously gaga over his doggies. Who do you think is the boss in this relationship? Over the years, he owned an endless string of French Bulldogs, each Brindle pied, each with the same name, Moujik . Upon the death of each dog, he¡¯d immediately acquire another, and name it Moujik. What can one say? BONJOUR YSL! This feed contains copyrighted photos and text from http://www.parisbreakfast.com. Please contact carol(dot)gillott(at)verizon(dot)net. I am staying with a French girl in Paris - we met two years ago in New York . French Girl mysteriously writes me in New York: Dear Macaron girl, Oh by the way, when you are here, we will do the American way (??): you do as if you were at your home, you open the fridge, put tons of macarons, cook in the kitchen, use everything you want.......so funny!!!! When American girl arrives Sunday, French girl announces friends are coming at noon for lunch in Chinatown. 12:06: American girl, who is rather hungry from long plane trip says, where are your friends? 1:06: American girl says, Ahem...do you think we should call your friends? 1:30: American girl is pacing the room, thinking of looking in the fridge.. At 2ish friends arrive - This is The French way I'm informed. American girl is leaving for fancy French fashion show... French girl politely asks: are you taking that bag with you? The American Way: You are not leaving the house with that horrible thing . French Girl has a snack of chips. She eats TWO chips, with a naughty smile and puts the bag away. The American way: devour the entire bag at one go. French Girl's petit dej' in the morning- two slices of toast heavily slathered with butter and some tea. How French Girl can fit into this complicated, witty skirt, that only a French girl could wear, is beyond me? First thing in the morning (5am) I am at the computer, headphones on, working on my PB post, humming merrily away to Whatchasay . French Girl is suddenly standing in the doorway in her PJs. Your singing is waking me up! Eeep. French Girl does her blog posts in the evening like any sane person bien sur . French Girl is off to Carnaval in Limoux Thursday night, so she warns, French people sleep in on the weekends. No loud singing svp On Thursday evening I go to my macaron class at the Ritz . I see deux mecs /2 guys standing outside in chefs jackets yacking away in English. I ask them, How do I find the class? They respond The French way , Bonjour, bonjour , and then lead me down into the inner sactum of the Ritz. At reception two French women look at my facture and remark/giggle, but your class is next week! Eeep...I did not read the fine print :( I remember author Elizabeth Bard... Is doing a reading/book signing of Lunch in Paris at W .H.Smith just up the street on rue Cambon and run to catch it. Elizabeth has the most delightful and endearing way of recounting her experiences of The French Way - she met a French guy in Paris and married him. Elizabeth's French mother-in-law is eternally thin and never snacks between meals. At the beach she only brings a liter of water. Ce ?a! Elizabeth describes her French husband at breakfast- he leisurely makes his coffee, sits down, reads his paper perhaps, surrounded by chaos, yet ignoring it - definitely The French way . Do stop by Elizabeth's blog - I know you'll enjoy it as well as her book . Wednesday night, French Girl says, OK I am going away tomorrow. So tonight we eat The French way . After, you can do what you want . She takes away my soup pot, puts the computer on a chair, lays down a fine linen tablecloth and silverware. My soup is served in a proper bowl. Then she sits down and joins me for dinner The French way and heaves a great sigh of relief. French Girl's parting words as she takes off for the Limoux carnival, Don't burn down the house . This is a universal sentiment... So whatchasay? Have you experienced The French Way ? :) BONJOUR THE FRENCH WAY! This feed contains copyrighted photos and text from http://www.parisbreakfast.com. Please contact carol(dot)gillott(at)verizon(dot)net. Today we venture into Louis Vuitton , 101 avenue des Champs-Elysees The vitrine are full of summer clothes... And bags, bags, bags... Note the visiting fashionistas in Galignani have the latest edition... Entre! There are many levels rather than floors inside LV - it seems like you can go on forever. Note the classic Vuitton suitcases hanging on the walls... Even a fashion bookshop! All of the interior design is sleek and elegant... Hatless chic Parisiens browse. I am now hatless too by the way... Marc Jacobs designs accessories, everything for LV since 1997 and is completely adored by Parisiens . Some Americans are loved in Paris...go figure The BIG shoes here are covered with black roses... A red shiny trench has toil de Jouy cuffs and lining! How clever you are Marc. This looks to me like a very chic maids uniform non ? A boudoir maids outfit..? A mini bag even we may be able to afford. I forget the prix ... If you are a VIP at LV, waiting for your girlfriend to finish in the dressing rooms, they serve you an elegant demi-tasse of espresso. If you are me you go ( finally ) up the street to McDo's cafe to try the macarons. I gotta admit these are not bad, except for the caramel . And at McDo's you can hand them a 50 euro note for 6 euro bill and no one raises a fuss. A BIG plus in Paris. BONJOUR LOUIS VUITON! This feed contains copyrighted photos and text from http://www.parisbreakfast.com. Please contact carol(dot)gillott(at)verizon(dot)net. Do you stop at Librairie Galignani when you're in Paris? It's the place to find the latest books on art and fashion... Right now the windows are full of YSL ... Yves Saint Laurent's first major retrospective opens tomorrow at the Petit Palais . I got my ticket at FNAC for Friday morning. Yay Inside Galignani the fashionistas are browsing, since the shows are still on... I spot Bill Cunningham from the NYTimes again ... They always have a slew of books on Coco . Remember when I wrote about The Gospel According to Chanel ? Wouldn't is be swell to have your book in a chic shop in Paris? More YSL mostly in French... A plethora of fashion books... No wonder Bill is here... This book caught my eye, My Mother's Clothes by photographer Jeanette Montgomery Barron... A lovely memoir/scrapbook of her late mother's various stylish outfits and the stories they recall. Poignant. A key thing to remember about Librairie Galignani is... It's exactly nextdoor to Angelina at 224 rue de Rivoli. So easy to pop in for a chocolat chaud post-browsing non ? BON APPETITE! This feed contains copyrighted photos and text from http://www.parisbreakfast.com. Please contact carol(dot)gillott(at)verizon(dot)net. It's one of my observations that Parisien women don't wear hats no matter how frigid the weather (Feels like: 16¡ãF) Warm puffy coat, snazzy studded bag... Cosy furry boots... But hatless... Giant posters of Kate Moss with supremely messy bedhead, advertising her new bag line for Longchamps is not helping the situation at all. Even my pictures have a blue cast, it's that freezing cold... Big puffy coat up over the ears - hair sticking out exposed to the elements. Lots of exposed ponytails in Paris... Another...here both mother and child are hatless. Men too. Me, I am wearing a hat. It's glued to my head. I'm American so I can get away with murder... Meanwhile the shop windows are full of hats like these big blue cabbage roses on top of the manequins... At Sonia Rykiel's - a simple Kelley green plastic disk is popped on top... More delicious disks at Gerard Mulot - tarte citron and tarte l'orange . Why not add a touch of red to your bedhead? Or go for the Carmen Miranda effect - totally fruity. BONJOUR HATLESS PARISIENS! This feed contains copyrighted photos and text from http://www.parisbreakfast.com. Please contact carol(dot)gillott(at)verizon(dot)net. Dessert first! I made it to Sonia Rykiel's show! Yay But to get there - a lot of waiting in the frigid cold. Paris cold is like no other. It says 21 degrees/feels like 18. It should say feels like minus 18 . The Seine wind chill blows right through you. The fashionistas couldn't give a %$#@ Bonjour Bonjour Style reporter man-on-the street and all-in-blue, Bill Cunningham from the Sunday Times is dressed appropriately. We both scurry to grab a pic of barely dressed all-in-blue Lilly Allen Inside I squeeze onto the Photog's podium. I have no actual ticket or seat # but I'd rather stand here than sit in the gigantic stadium of the Halle Freyssinet ... The first model prances down the catwalk. A giant pompom on her head... I love this intarsia sweater with swallows flying... Fab flaming red long trench... Sonia's stripes - a must! Sky-high shoes with fur - a must! Fluid, drapie..what can you say? Tres feminine as always is Sonia . The grand finale of high-fiving smiling girls - so Sonia ... I follow these Sonia lovers into the mist at the end of the catwalk, thinking they are headed for the exit... Party time back stage... And another chance to admire while drinking champers... The model's look sheets... Makeup look photos for at least 60 girls... Back to realite and the next show... What it take to get "the Look" What it takes to get me back to feeling warm again - a cup of chocolat chaud at the cafe Deux Magots . Hope you had fun! Watch the show rehearsal!! This feed contains copyrighted photos and text from http://www.parisbreakfast.com. Please contact carol(dot)gillott(at)verizon(dot)net. Yep, it's true! Paris Breakfast got an invite to attend Sonia Rykiel's show this Sunday . We were planing to depart next Sunday...ahem There's been some very crazy scurrying around here... We (my camera and I) took this picture of Sonia's St. Germain vitrine last October... Are these shoes not to die for? Would that we had these to wear Sunday's show? Choices, choices... Granted we will not be wearing Tavi 's hat from the Dior show. We won't be in the front row either :) Big merci Sonia ! So kind of you to let me come. Merci to SADE for inspiring me to rewrite your lyrics in Soldiers of Sonia Love . You can listen to SADE speak here . Merci Metro horoscope yesterday. I'm Taurus,with Aries rising - I was born at 3am... Merci Anne of Mes Vitrines Paris for giving me a place to get my zzzzs in Paris. I swear I will get your H&amp;H sesame bagels today! Only in New York is there enough MOXIE to go around. Merci NYC for giving me some. This was in Sonia's window last October - kind of prescient non? We're sure gonna do our best! BON WEEK-END &amp; THANKS EVERYBODY! stay posted... This feed contains copyrighted photos and text from http://www.parisbreakfast.com. Please contact carol(dot)gillott(at)verizon(dot)net. I've finally begun a new blog, in keeping with the fact that I'm not in Poland anymore. So please visit The Wendy Lady at your earliest convenience. Polish customer service (or the lack thereof) The homeless guy who asked if he could take our unused ramekins full of garlic & tomato sauce at a restaurant last night Buses & trams that never show up, or randomly take an alternate route The view from my apartment The homeless guys who lived in my stairwell The nicest landlord in the world (even though he asked me to lie!) Electric lawn mowers And, of course, all the people I met and/or worked with, including students, teachers, and administrators. As a closing thought, I'd like to share some sentences that have amused me over the past 4 years. These are all actual samples of students' writing, and they all helped to make my job much more entertaining. I felt shiver on my spinach. I think that supermarkets are great creatures. Another thing is the possibility to wear light clothes, uncovered shoulders and half-naked paunches, which alure the man-kind. People want to read books, sink into their comfortable armchairs and sneeze. History wouldn't be so bad if we didn't have to learn it. Right now we have two dogs at home (a sheepdog and a puddle). My heartiest thanks to everyone in Poland who has made me feel at home here. I never would have made it through 4 years without your help! Why yes, I am procrastinating, why do you ask? The packing & shipment of my belongings has run into a slight snag, but I'm confident (read: stressed out of my mind) it will all work out fine, and my books will eventually land somewhere near Seattle. So while I slowly come to the realization that the packing gnomes aren't going to appear & take care of things for me, I discovered a quiz for all the grammar freaks out there. And that definitely includes me. Which Punctuation Mark Are You? Enjoy, and if you happen to see the gnomes, please send them my way! "That's all your house is: a place to keep your stuff. If you didn't have so much stuff, you wouldn't need a house. You could just walk around all the time." -George Carlin I'm attempting to get rid of a considerable number of my possessions, rather than dragging them all back to Seattle with me. It's actually been easier than I expected - the more times I move, the better I am at determining what I really need, and what I only thought I needed when I bought it. There's a lot that falls into that second category. So if you're in the Poznan area, and you're feeling a need for some random kitchen items, come on by and help yourself to my stuff. I ordered a salad and a side of garlic bread at a restaurant this afternoon. I had carefully perused the menu, which said absolutely nothing about any bread being served with the salad, which is why I ordered bread to go with it. Imagine my surprise when the waitress brought me my garlic bread, my salad, and the garlic bread which came with the salad. This is actually the second time this has happened to me here. (Here as in Poland, it was a different restaurant last time.) What confuses me is why the waitress didn't tell me that bread came with the salad. Did she really think I wanted to consume half a loaf of bread with my salad? Did it not occur to her that I may not know bread was automatically included with the salad, which is why I ordered some? The menu simply lists what's in the salad, with no mention of bread. I looked. Carefully. Because this had happened to me before. I was a waitress in one of my many former occupations. If someone had ordered something which was already included with their meal, I would have told them. And I've had a waitress tell me here, too - when I asked for rice with my sweet &amp; sour chicken, I was told it was always served with rice. Apparently, it's just salads. That'll teach me to ask more questions when I order. Or to try a different restaurant. I bought a new pair of sandals a couple weeks ago, thereby guaranteeing that it would rain for the next 3 days. But when I finally wore them, it turned out they weren't the same. My toes poked out noticeably more on the left than on the right. When I bought them, one of the things I understood the sales clerk to say was that they were guaranteed for 2 years. So I decided to take them back and exchange them for 2 matching sandals. I had the receipt, I'd only worn them twice, it should be easy. Oh wait, this is Poland. I took the shoes back to the shop and showed them to the sales clerk. She agreed that there was something wrong, then showed them to her colleague, who concurred. Bring on the paperwork. I gave her my receipt, she filled out the form. She asked me whether I wanted a new pair or a refund, to which I replied that I'd like to get a new pair - I really like these sandals! I signed the form. I was then told to return in 2 weeks for the decision. 2 weeks? The decision? You mean you can't decide right now? You have to think about it? In fact, the decision is likely to be made in some corporate office, far from the shop where I spent my money for a pair of sandals which turned out to be improperly made. I now have no sandals, no refund, no decision - but I have a piece of paper and a date to discover if they'll replace my lovely new sandals. I've been discovered. As those of you who read the comments already know, one of my students has found my blog. Which likely means that ALL of my students have found my blog. Ever since I saw the comment, I've been racking my brains, trying to remember if there's anything on here I might not want students to know about me. I do kind of try to keep my personal life somewhat separate from my teaching life. But I also try not to post anything I don't want my parents to know about - yes Dad, that means you, but it's your own fault for freaking out when I happened to mention I was on antibiotics. I think I'm pretty safe. I do tend to be aware of the fact that my words can go anywhere from here. Blogging isn't private by any means. And even if I did post something I'd rather not announce to my students, it's a little late now. So to any of my students who happen by, I say, "Welcome." Please take note of the use of punctuation in the previous sentence. Unless you're in a British English group, in which case I should say, "Welcome". That just looks weird. This has been in the planning stages for a while, and it's time to let everyone in on it - I'm moving back to the States for a while. In many ways, this is an odd decision. I'm leading a fairly comfortable life here. I have job security, the nicest landlord I've ever had, and I always said I wouldn't live in the U.S. as long as W was still in office. However, I've been here for 4 years now. I haven't seen most of my family in 2 years. And I miss the comfort level that comes with living in your home culture. So, I'll be arriving in Seattle at the beginning of July. My immediate plans are to stay 1-2 years, and then very probably come back to Poland. Or maybe move to another country. Or maybe stay in Seattle longer. Or...some other option as yet unconsidered. Keep in mind, I came to Poland in 2003 with the intention of staying for 1 year. I'm not terribly good at long-term plans. My current, immediate plan is to find a teaching job in the greater Seattle area, ideally one that won't require me to acquire any additional qualifications. Do think of me if you happen to be a member of any hiring committees which are seeking an experienced, well-traveled, only slightly jaded ESL instructor. Tonight at the Metro Atlanta Beekeepers' meeting, Cindy Bee, Master Beekeeper who has been working with bees since she was a child, presented a program on how to catch swarms.First she addressed the reason that bees swarm.  She suggested that we think of the hive as an entity and that when a swarm happens, it is the hive reproducing itself.  In other words, the swarm is the hive's "baby."  Bees swarm in springtime because the arrival of pollen stimulates the queen to lay her eggs.  The hive begins to build up the numbers of bees and gets overcrowded.The workers, not the queen, make the decision to swarm.  First they make a replacement queen by choosing several eggs and creating queen cells (feeding the new larvae only royal jelly).  Then they make the old queen run round and round the hive to slim her down.  Finally they run her out the front door.  When she flies away, anywhere from 20 - 80% of the bees in the hive follow her.  This event  = a swarm.Meanwhile back at the original hive, the queen cell hatches and the new queen emerges.  That queen kills any queens still inside their queen cells and begins the process of getting ready for her mating flight.  Swarming delays and impacts honey production because the hive is diminished in numbers and the queen has a while before she is mated and laying so there is a disruption in the hive build-up.The swarm that left the hive hangs wherever the queen landed while the workers fly out to possible sites for new hives. big piles of each color right on the carpet, and even made a mixing pile of purple. Little Picasso had made such a mess!I grabbed towels, a bucket of water and every bottle of stain remover I could find, and immediately went to scrubbing like a mad woman. All the while yelling "Are you watching him?! Do NOT let him move!!"After lots of scrubbing, and seeing how much progress I had made, I started to breath again.Taking a deep breath, I began to laugh... I still have paint stains on the floor. Jake is sitting in the tub covered in paint.I ran out of stain remover and need to go to the store.The kids haven't had lunch yet.AND, Kailey has to be at the orthodontist in 35 Minutes!!Everything after that was a complete blurr. Somehow I got it all done and made it to her appointment, and On Time at that!At some point in between all the madness, I did take a few seconds to grab my camera.They were taken at the time where I was breathing, so they are blurry and most of the paint was cleaned up. On Jake too! At least I captured something, right? Can you believe this little monster?All I know is; Thank God for Oxi Clean, and the fact it was kids paint! Every year we go All out for the fourth. We drive up to the next state and buy tons of illegal fireworks. I say "we", what I really mean is Jason. Here's how it really works. He begs to go stop at the fireworks store. Swears we won't buy much. Then I follow him around the store as he snatches and grabs, like a kid in a candy store.Be my Valentine Lacey Heart I think this is really pretty. I found it here and there is a free chart! I was browsing the web and came across this site with some nice cross stitch patterns to download for free. You can find the list of free charts here: http://shopping.originpublishing.com/charts_category.asp?category=5 This is just one of the cute ones you could do up as a nice Christmas card. And here is the link: http://shopping.originpublishing.com/chart.asp?id=974&amp;category=5 I came across some quick little Easter free pattern kits at Hobby Loco. Here is a preview of the pretty egg plus there are two bunnies and a chick there. Go Here to see these and download. This pair of hearts that would be a quick addition for Valentines Day! Find the free download pattern HERE at free-cross-stitch-pattern.com This cute 50's type silhouette image really caught my eye. It uses 14 count aida cloth and three colors of DMC thread. If I were stitching it I would probably not do the white stitches that are outside the design. Since it is done on white cloth, I would be lazy and skip this step. :-) Either way, 2 or 3 colors, it would be so easy to stitch up for Valentines Day ! You can find this design and pdf download HERE at Free Cross Stitch Pattern. Com. It will be in the romance category and it is called romantic dinner. I just checked Tereena Clarke's Artecy Cross Stitch and she has a beautiful free download up for grabs. I am partial to birds so naturally I really like this one, but I think you will too! It makes me want to get back to stitching! See it HERE. She also has a cute Santa so you have a whole year to do that one. Have fun. Sometimes it is difficult to take a good snapshot of something in a photo frame.&nbsp; I snapped this view of a project that I completed way back when I was learning to cross stitch.&nbsp; It is not the first, because as I said earlier on the blog that the barns were my first stitched projects.&nbsp; This may be my second one, I don't remember for sure but it is somewhere in there as one of my first. I found this chart while browsing through the magazine Classic Stitches web site. There are several pretty free charts there to download. They will be within the stitching zone drop down button across the top of the page. I found this one listed in the flowers-fruit category and thought it was pretty enough to share. The design is worked throughout in cross stitch and back stitch. -I recently learned that Caesar dressing has anchovies and raw egg yolk in it and that salmonella can be carried on the shell of an egg, not inside. So if you wash an egg with antibacterial soap before cracking it, you lower your chances of getting salmon Just a quick reminder that tomorrow night Steph and I will be getting together with a lovely bunch of creatives at the Brisbane ABCD meetup ! Don't forget to RSVP if you haven't done so already! The goodie bags are already looking promising with these exclusive preview passes to the new film MICMACS by Jean-Pierre Jeunet (Am¨¦lie) ~ there is one double-pass for each goodie bag, kindly donated by Hopscotch Films ! Jean-Pierre Jeunet is one of cinema¡¯s most inventive and inspired talents and the creator of Amelie, Delicatessen and A Very Long Engagement. In his new film MICMACS, a man and his friends come up with an intricate and original plan to destroy two big weapons manufacturers, and in the process find answers to such questions as: Are zebras white with black stripes or black with white stripes? Can you get drunk from eating waffles? What's the human cannonball world record? Can a woman fit inside a refrigerator? Is it better to live with a bullet lodged in your brain, or have it removed? :: Read more about the ABCD meetups here :: I have been having such a great time playing along with Kirsty's Creative Space on Thursday over at Kootoyoo , that I thought I'd join in with another fun play-along hosted by the lovely Sophie from Her Library Adventures . Sundays are dedicated to Flea Market Finds... I've started experimenting with Christmas ornaments (sneak peek shown in my previous post here ) ~ and I wanted to find some new lace doilies that would suit the Christmas feeling, to give these ornaments their own unique patterns rather than repeating some of my existing range. I was hoping to find some patterns that looked like stars/snowflakes, and I could not have been more excited to find a few excellent doilies at my local St Vinnies! Below are some that made the cut in the end ~ not all doilies are suitable for pressing into the clay, but I'm very pleased with these ones I found! The one above would have to be my favourite ~ it is exactly what I was hoping to find! I think it is perfect for the baubles and snowflakes. I'll have to take good care of this one as it is very delicate... This one has a perfect star-like pattern for the ornaments. This one is not very suitable for clay-impressions, it doesn't leave a nice clean pattern ~ but I still loved it and thought it would make a nice display for markets. The one underneath is a cotton fabric with crocheted edge, also purchased for display purposes. Ch eck out Sophie's blog if you'd like to play along or see some other fabulous finds ! Playing around with new shapes and patterns this week... I've been wanting to create some butterflies for a while now, somehow the delicate lace impressions in the clay combined with the shape of this precious winged creature seem like such a good match. A little early perhaps but having missed the opportunity to create any Christmas ornaments altogether last Christmas I figured I better get myself sorted this year... Experimenting with baubles and snowflakes, working out which lace patterns are best suited to their shapes and the Christmas season... I've also put in an order for some new snowflake cutters in rather special shapes. Can't wait to receive them and see how they will look! I've also been finalising some prints on the lovely recycled paper I ordered to complement the kraft gift boxes for my ceramic pieces. I like to include a short artist profile with each customer order, with just a little background information on how my pieces are made. I wanted it to have something special to it so I asked my mum (who loves origami) if she had any ideas for some simple letter-folds. This was one of the patterns she sent me, I love how the paper just folds into itself to create a nice little envelope, no further packaging needed! It also fits in nicely into the gift box. Thanks mum! For more creative spaces head over to Kootoyoo! 'Kitty', "Puppy' and 'Bunny' handmade soft toys by Edward &amp; Lilly ~ AU$24.00 ea 'Puppy' handmade soft toy by Edward &amp; Lilly ~ AU$24.00 'Kitty' handmade soft toy by Edward &amp; Lilly ~ AU$24.00 'Bunny' handmade soft toy by Edward &amp; Lilly ~ AU$24.00 'Bunny' handmade soft toy by Edward &amp; Lilly (detail) ~ AU$24.00 How cute are these handmade softies by Rebecca Cason from Edward &amp; Lilly ? Made from gorgeous linen and linen/cotton fabric, they are the perfect size for little hands. Choose from puppy, kitty or bunny! Bunnies, kitties and puppies were designed in response to the children who lost their toys in the 2009 Victorian Bushfires, a comforting toy that is suitable for all ages from toddlers through to older children. At the time 25 bunnies were donated to relief packs. 50cm hemp/cotton fabric pack by Pippijoe ~ AU$22.00 Fabric oddments pack by Pippijoe, great for small craft projects ~ AU$25.00 50cm linen/cotton fabric pack by Pippijoe ~ AU$17.50 50cm 100% hemp fabric pack by Pippijoe ~ AU$25.00 Sling bag pattern by Pippijoe ~ AU$12.50 Have you seen these DIY fabric packs and patterns by Pippijoe yet? They have been available online at Udessi for a little while now and I can't believe I haven't shared them with you yet! :: Check out the DIY craft section for other great products! :: Image ý Sophie Appleby Image ý Sophie Appleby Our featured artist over the last few of weeks has been the lovely Sophie Appleby from Sophie Isobel Designs. Please excuse this late post but I'm sure you'll love getting to know her a little better as much as I have! Please tell us a little bit about yourself: "My name is Sophie Isobel, I¡¯m a little bit 50¡¯s housewife and a touch Alice in Wonderland and when I¡¯m not teaching English and Literature you will find me in my studio, dreaming and creating. Inspired by the days of yesteryear, Victorian literature and the art of accessorising, I create brooches, accessories and artwork using my vintage typewriter and lovely scraps of fabric and ephemera that celebrate all my favourite things." Image ý Sophie Appleby What is your creative background and how long have you been creating your art? "I¡¯ve always loved making things, as a child I would create dresses from old tablecloths and curtains and raid my grandmother¡¯s card collection for pretty pictures to cut out. Since then I have been collecting, journaling and chasing beauty and in the last two years my ideas have leapt off the page. I have a Bachelor of Creative Arts which is more focused on writing and literary theory. Playing with scissors, glue and fabric has always been an escape for me and I'm delighted that I can now blend these two worlds in my work." Where, what or who do you draw your inspiration from? "My world is a constantly inspiring adventure. I try to keep a really open mind and find inspiration in the little details. From the beautiful old architecture in my neighbourhood and classic children's books to antique shops and reading fabulous blogs, for me inspiration is everywhere." Image ý Sophie Appleby What can you tell us about your work? "I am fascinated by the art of accessorising and always loved to sit at my grandmother's dressing table and look at all her beautiful pieces of jewellery. I love the idea of wearing something that gives people a little hint about your personality, something truly unique, so when I began thinking about accessories I wanted to create this was always in the back of my mind. My signature 'I heart' brooches are all unique, no two are exactly the same and I love that in wearing one you can celebrate what you love in the world." Where do you create your art and what is your workspace like? "I work from home in my little cottage studio, I love to surround myself with beautiful and unusual bits and pieces and am always on the lookout for lovely old boxes to store things in. My studio is constantly changing and I'm always working on an inspiration board or two, full of beautiful images. My favourite items in my studio are my grandmother's sewing machine and my library catalogue drawers. I always have fresh flowers from the garden in vases and tea pots and if the rapping of typewriter can be heard, you know I'm busy creating." What is your day job or are you a fulltime artist? "I'm also a high school English and Literature teacher, I love both my jobs and although there is never quite enough hours in my day one very often inspires the other. At lunch time you will sometimes find me sewing brooch backs whilst facilitating a creative writing workshop." Image ý Sophie Appleby What are your goals/aspirations for the future? "I often say, when I grew up I want to be.. and the list goes on for pages. I have days I would love to go back to university and study costume design and others I'd really love to become a Librarian, so I can spend my days surrounded by books. I also love writing and would like to finish the novel I'm currently working on in the next few years. I am always doing at least five things at once and dreaming up new ideas, so my goal is to enjoy every moment and dabble in all the delights the world has to offer, whatever they may be." :: Click here to view all Sophie's work on Udessi :: The Finders Keepers have announced their market dates for 2010 and we're very excited they'll be coming back to Brisbane this year ~ as well as of course continuing their events at the stunning contemporary art centre CarriageWorks in Sydney¡¯s Inner West. Applications are currently open for the Sydney Autumn/Winter 2010 markets to be held on the 7th and 8th May 2010. Applications close on the 2nd of April 2010, click here for more info . These markets are an amazing opportunity for emerging designers to get major exposure for their work, not only to the general public but potential wholesalers and media as well. If you're passionate about what you do ~ apply now or start preparing for Brisbane applications! The markets brings together new emerging and contemporary independent artists and designers of original and high creative standards across 80 stalls. Our aim is to always introduce new designers and new product to cater for a wide range of our customers and supporters. Every market event is completely unique and we always introduce new designers and rotate existing stallholders from previous events, as well as featuring local independent musicians and always including other special features! The markets are FREE entry for all and feature live music, with the CarriageWorks cafe and bar open all day. Woohoo ~ time for another ABCD meetup! Steph from Bondville and myself are pleased to announce the date for the Autumn 2010 Brisbane ABCD meetup : Thursday March 18 2010, 7?9pm. We'll be returning to Bar Alto at the Powerhouse in New Farm which has great parking, easy access to the bar, bar food, coffee and tea that you can order throughout the evening. Details : Autumn 2010 Brisbane ABCD Meet-up 7pm ? 9pm, Thursday 18th March 2010 Bar Alto (entrance level) The Powerhouse, 119 Lamington St, New Farm, Brisbane For those that have not been before, Brisbane ABCD (Artists + Bloggers + Crafters + Designers) is a very informal get-together for creative folks in Brisbane to get out from behind computers and meet each other over a few drinks. Here are some photos and overview of previous events on Bondville and Udessi . Don't forget to bring along something for the much-in-demand ABCD Goodie Bag. It's entirely optional, but if you like, you can bring along something to remember you by to pop in to approx. 30?40 bags which we will distribute at the event. And as added incentive, participants will be able to vote for their favourite goodie bag item on Bondville after the event, and the winner will receive 3 free months of advertising on Bondville! Due to the great response we¡¯ve had since the last meeting and limited venue capacity, please ensure to RSVP by either commenting on this post or emailing BrisbaneABCD@gmail.com . We look forward to seeing you there! Kim ~ Udessi Steph ~ Bondville  Down a secret road, where the public isn't allowed... ...a grove of orange trees grows. The trees are about a hundred years old, I figure. Big, fluffy trees with branches that droop to the ground, where little purple wildflowers reach up to kiss the oranges. The trees are precious and well cared for. They grow in the part of the Huntington Library and Gardens that most people don't see. The Huntington property is about 250 acres but 100 or so of those acres are closed to visitors. Last week, on a cool, overcast day, I got to wander those quiet acres because I know a person in high places: a docent we'll call the Altadena Hiker . More to come. Zen Monday is the day you experience the photo and give us your thoughts rather than me telling you what I think the photo's about. There's no right or wrong. It means what you think it means, or what you want it to mean. I look for a photo worth contemplating or, failing that, something odd or silly. And unless I absolutely must say something I stay out of the comments box to avoid influencing the intellectual path of the discussion, because when I get in there everything goes downhill. As I post each new Zen Monday photo I add a label to last week's to identify it if necessary. I'm one of those creatures who needs sun. So is Boz. Like the kitty in this photo, every morning Boz positions himself in a sunny spot by the window and soaks up the rays. Our rainy season affects him so badly that on gray days he gets downright depressed. You've never seen such misery in a spoiled pet. Today is one of my favorite days of the year because we set our clocks forward one hour . Now we can finally get a few extra rays of sunlight each day. Daylight Saving Time was invented by a New Zealand entomologist named George Vernon Hudson . He wanted more daylight hours after work at his day job for collecting bugs. (The things you learn on Wikipedia!) Fine with me. What I can't figure out is why we have to set our clocks back in the fall. It's Saturday. I thought we should have something festive! This was one place I thought would survive the recession. We all want more for our dollar these days. But I never shopped there so I don't know what kind of value they offered, if any. I've noticed lately the parking lot's full, so someone's at least getting use out of that. When I peeked in the windows I saw an expanse of tile and reflections. But when I stood close to the building to photograph the colorful meters, the blinds moved. It's fun time for the San Gabriel Valley blog community. This means not just bloggers, but blog visitors, too--whether you comment or not. Just because you're reading this right now, you're invited to the SGV Blogger's Potluck on March 20th! Wasn't that easy? It's a chance to meet your blog friends face-to-face. It's hosted by some of your favorite Altadena bloggers. Last year it was a blast (not like the picture, though). Come! There's one catch. You have to bring something to share. You know, like, food. It's a potluck. Today's photo is a relatively nondescript parking lot at the corner of Walnut and Marengo. I keep taking pictures of it and not liking them (gee, I wonder why). I finally just played with it and was satisfied. After all, today's post is about playing. Sometimes you've just gotta. UPDATE: Look what Thal sent: according to his comment today, this was the Beaux Arts style Wilson School, formerly at this location. "After the 1933 Long Beach earthquake," says Thal, "many such buildings were demolished as unsafe. Then this corner remained vacant for a long time, owned by the city, and then when the LA County Court needed a parking lot, this ugliness was built." Meaning the parking lot which, even with my most playful alterations, doesn't hold a candle to the Wilson School. Today the City Daily Photo blogs pay tribute to our founder, Eric Tenin. It's a good day for such a celebration because today is the 5th Anniversary of Eric's hugely popular blog, Paris Daily Photo . To date, Eric and his blog have inspired 1178 City Daily Photo blogs around the world, including this one. Quoting from the instructions for today's theme day: "Imitation being the sincerest form of flattery, all CDPBloggers are invited to post a tribute shot from their own city using The Tenin Technique of placing the camera on the ground to make an image, or of skewing/tilting the composition, or in some way imitating a specific photo Eric has posted or a common subject matter of Eric's photos...Have fun with it, make it your own and help celebrate a great guy who has spread a lot of friendship and inspiration around the globe since his first post in 2005." I'm a big fan of Paris Daily photo and of Eric, who really does "spread friendship and inspiration" with his photos and blog. He loves the low angle, likes to tilt the camera, occasionally gets a lot of feet in the picture and, due to French law, blurs the recognizable faces. I can't bring you the Louvre or the Eiffel Tower! Eiffel Tower! Eiffel Tower! (Paris Daily Photo joke), but I can give you a few feet! And a little low angle tilting is the least I can do for a guy who, whether he means to or not, has done so much for so many. How do you post a photo a day, every day, for five years? Maybe some of today's participants will find out. Click here to view thumbnails for participants in today's theme. Not, like, as in "woof." Although it's high time for another Boz post. This is a close-up of a tree (what kind?) shedding its bark in Washington Park. I've downloaded a bunch of photography apps on the iPhone but I never use them. I'm sure I will sooner or later, but I'm not into messing with photos too much. I like the act of capturing the thing I see. I think "capture" is a good word for it because I see something interesting and I want to take it with me. The photo is a method of doing that inside of the law. The colors in this bark were intense, but I think the camera gave it some oomph. Okay so it wasn't a church. It was a mortuary. I thought I'd show you a few more pictures from the building at Holly St. and Marengo Ave. that we talked about on Monday. Behind these gates is the courtyard section of Eden Garden Bar &amp; Grill , formerly Holly St. Bar &amp; Grill. (I had to mess with the picture a little.) The restaurant has indoor seating as well. Here's a doorway off another courtyard. Nice way to enter your office each morning. Just steps away from City Hall! We're leaving for the log cabin in the next hour or so. (I've been calling Greg at work every 30 minutes to tell him to please hurry up. Scout is getting upset and Marvin is ready to leave without him. Ha!) Tomorrow, I am meeting a blogger friend from The Retirement Chronicles for lunch in Mackinaw City. This will make the fifth blogger friend I've met in person so far. Watch out - you could be next! This past weekend we went to the Detroit Kennel Dog Club Show and Scout's brother won 2nd place in the Bernese Mountain dog puppy division! His name is Jet. (And at our last play date, he kept making out with Scout and I had to tell him to take it easy!) Here's a photo of Jet. Isn't he a handsome boy? It was fun to see so many Bernese Mountain Dogs in one place. I wanted to take this boy home with me but his owner said no. I fell in love with this Anatolian Shepherd and decided I want one of these too! Greg dragged me away from the breeder, begging them not to answer my questions and to just ignore me. (I got their business card - ha!) And finally, doesn't this sign crack you up? Scout: I'm having a great day today! It's sunny and I've been playing in the backyard! As long as I have my mommy, dirt to dig and toys to bury, I'm very happy! Marvin: All I need is a patch of sunlight and for that dog to stay outside - and then it's a great day! My Loons should be back within the next 30 days. I'm so excited! I have to get ready. Get the kayak geared up. Another memory card for my camera. And a bull horn so I can yell at all those boaters and jet skiers who get too close to my Loon babies! Here's a video so you can hear how beautiful the Loons sound. Okay, some of you already know how I'm always waving from the deck of my log cabin to my non-acknowledging neighbors across the lake. About half the time it's in the morning when I'm wearing my crazy pajama pants and now combined with my big fluffy ski coat. Looks great, I promise! (HA!) Anyways, the ice fishermen fascinate me. I'm always checking them out with the binoculars to see if they've caught any fish. Imagine my surprise when I was looking at them and saw one of them looking back at me with their binoculars! I waved. And you know what.....he waved too! I'm making progress people..... Do you think I need to throw this bird feeder away? Some updates: School is going well! I was recently inducted into Phi Theta Kappa which is an honors program for community colleges. Greg is joking now he's married to a sorority girl! Okay - then on spring break, he better take me to Florida! Also, I've been volunteering at a local hospital and just love it. The highlight of my week last week is when this angry man was yelling and swearing at a fellow volunteer next to me because he felt like she gave him inadequate directions. When he left, I asked the woman "Who is that?" She replied "The pastor!" LOL!!!! I miss all of you and will be around to visit. (I miss your humor Suz & Jen, I miss your stories and history Betsy, I miss your decorating Penny, I miss your comments Wendy a.k.a. little sis, I miss your projects Sandi, I miss all your interesting tidbits Mildred - and so much more!) Please let me know if I've missed anything! I think it's already snowed 4 or 5 inches and it's still coming down! About 26 degrees but the weatherman says "it feels like 14" - okay then. School was canceled tonight - woo hoo! Oh wait, I don't have any classes on Tuesday night...figures! How is the weather in your neck of the woods today? Here's some photos of my snow monster Scout enjoying the snow! She is a tomboy just like her mom... This sign is posted in our moose-themed bathroom. My hubby gets a lot of use out of this one...ha, ha! Somewhere out of the log cabin.... ...down a wooded winter road.... ....a man tries to walk his spoiled Bernese Mountain Dog. The "offender" in question, who shall remain anonymous, has decided to test the man and show him who's boss. Little does the man know, the "offender" doesn't do this with mommy! Almost every session I've attended at SXSW this year has been SRO, including our own, which was gratifying. Last year, 10,000 campers convened at the Convention Center in Austin. This year, the number I've heard is 14,000. You have to get to sessions early, or sit on the floor. But even finding a space on the industrial carpet isn't easy, especially near wall outlets. I was glad to snag a seat in this crowd gathered for "Extend Your Brand, There's an App for That" with Shiv Singh and Adrian Ho, moderated creatively by Brian Morrissey.foodThere's too many sessions, too little time to sit down for meals which are generally grabbed on the run from first floor cafe stands or food trucks which of course have their own twitter accounts.making a session is as challenging as making a plane at JFKIt takes a bit of planning to navigate Austin Convention Center which is as cavernous as an international airport. Inevitably, when a session is moved, it's moved to a spot furthest geographically from where you are standing. Just like air travel.partiesMany, many, many. As with sessions, if you don't get there early, you might not get in. Ironically, admittance to many parties the first night required hardcopy printouts of RSVP acceptances-- what? Mobile digerati were expected to have toted their printers? Party hosts have wised up since then and attempts to equalize party access to "first come, first served" have reverted to old-school VIP pass model: you don't need a printer, you neeIt's no secret that I hate Thomas the Tank Engine. I hate most moralising children's shows but I reserve particular venom for Thomas despite the fact I loved the stories when younger and have seen a marvelous stage show. Thomas and his friends are a whiny bunch of disobedient brats; everything about them is gloomy and miserable and tedious. There is no joy and to top it off, every new series has half-a-dozen pointless new characters crow-barred in solely for the merchandising opportunity. I hate Thomas which is not to say that we don't own quite a lot of Thomas kit. It's unavoidable and part of the reason why I have a particularly soft spot for other, less overtly commercial offerings; 'Pingu' , for example, 'Miu Mao' the fabulous Italian claymation cats; and Peppa Pig . Years ago a friend of mine informed me that her three-year-old son loved Peppa Pig and I was slightly bemused as to why a boy would like a show focused on a pink girl-pig but the moment the spud was old enough to watch TV I understood. Peppa, like Pingu and the cats, is all about fun; there is no harsh moral. Sometimes someone might be a little bit naughty, often things go a bit wrong but there's no breast-beating; only kindness and funny and pigs falling about laughing. I love Peppa Pig. In fact, I may possibly have just the teeniest tiniest crush on Daddy Pig, as it happens. We already have two Peppa DVDs - it was Peppa who informed my spud that Santa comes down the chimney; Peppa who showed him that it is OK to jump into a muddy puddle and Peppa who makes him laugh at me every time we hear that Peppa's Mummy loves her computer. We probably wouldn't have bought the latest DVD however having been given it for review, I have to say that if you have a boy who loves Peppa or who hasn't met her yet, this is officially your DVD. It's called ' Peppa Pig: The Fire Engine and other stories' and in it, Peppa goes on a train, a fire engine, a rocket and there's even a pirate episode. Seriously, all she needs to do now is to go on a bus and an airplane and the spud might never watch anything again. Until he's buying porn on the internet in 10 years time, that is. Oh, and by the way, the nice Peppa Pig folks have given me an extra copy of "Peppa Pig: The Fire Engine " to pass on to one of you if you can tell me in 20 words or so why you love Peppa (or hate Thomas) and make me laugh in the process - UK format only, I believe. I only have one copy to give away though so funniest wins, as judged by me and a team of Mummy mates, next Friday. Well that was a long time to leave you with a nauseating post. Turns out that staying up and working to 2am 5 or 6 days a week don't leave much time for... er... anything really. I was going to write about the little opening ceremony we went to for Brixton's fancy new square but I lack the motivation to get the pictures off my camera. Instead, I am going to write about the flip-side of parenting, the dark side of my little spud-u-like, the side we've been seeing for a few days now. It starts, this slide into the netherworld, with a bad night. Perhaps he had a nightmare, perhaps a cough... whatever it is, if he has to get up early the next day, he's guaranteed to be in the sort of mood which involves the phrase 'I don't want to'; as in 'I don't want to get up'; 'I don't want to get dressed'; 'I don't want to eat breakfast'; 'I don't want to go to nursery'. Eventually of course, he does all those things. Recently he's taken to wanting me to pull him home from nursery on his scooter which does my back in. On a bad day, if I refuse he whinges all the way home. 'It's too difficult'; 'I'm too heavy'; 'I don't want to' or more accurately 'I'm too difficult!' Today was bad. He screamed blue murder all the way up our quiet street. I offered to carry his scooter, I held his hand, I walked 3 feet in front encouraging him to follow, I stopped, I pushed him gently from behind thinking it would be fun... this is what it sounded like to the neighbours: 'No, Mummy! No, Mummy! Not like that! Don't go far away Mummy! Don't leave me! Don't Stop! You're pushing me down! You're pushing me down!' We got to our front steps and he refused to walk up, instead lying down on the wet pavement, sobbing at the top of his lungs. I tried to pick him up and he flopped. I practically had to stuff him into the house. Within seconds of getting inside he was happily demanding pasta and turning on the Wii. I was at the window, nervously waiting for child services to show up. Inevitably the day closed to a familiar sound-track: 'I don't want to habba bath'; 'I don't want to wear my jamas'; ' 'I don't want to go to bed'. Eventually, of course, he did all those things. The key word here is 'eventually' as it takes a lot of negotiation to get him to stay in bed and even then he can remain defiant until the last: Crap. Seriously help me here, I'm about to commit a proper blogging crime. A cardinal sin, if you like. I am about to get irrationally gooey. I am about to vomit saccharine emotion all over your screen. You can stop reading. It's ok. You can navigate away right now, read no further, I won't mind. If one of you can stop and hold my forehead and rub my back for a second it might make it easier but you don't have to. Seriously, you go. Right. Let's get this mess started. So, tonight, the spud decided to go to sleep in our bed and, since I was tired too, we both had a bath and got into our jammies and lay down in bed. I read him 3 Dr. Seuss books. He had some warm milk. We pulled up the duvet. He snaked a little arm under my head and pulled me to his cheek. I was feeling, I have to tell you, pretty relaxed at that point. Then, the frog came home and picked up a guitar and immediately the spud wanted to "play your tar?" The frog put the guitar on the bed and we played, then he left to have his own bath and I made the two chords that I know while the spud strummed. OK here it comes. I showed my boy a little tune and we lazed about having fun with it and not talking and then out of the blue he turned to me, looked at me levelly for a second and said 'I love you... really big' and he smiled beatifically, as though he had just given me a holy benediction. Then he turned and went back to the guitar. You see. Very very very sweet. Pretty much enough to hoist your pancreas into overdrive. Thanks for letting me spew that one out. I'll get me coat. We had one of the Spud's best friends over for a playdate yesterday. They see each other infrequently now that the Spud has left the wonderful-but-far-away Montessori nursery where they both went and is now at the less-than-wonderful-but-close local nursery, but they are still great mates and I am very fond of his Mum, which is always a bonus. There's always a sting in the tail when we see this particular friend because, although he is lovely and gentle and funny and bright, having continued with Montessori, he can write his own name now. Yes, I know. No no, same age. Exactly yes, born on the same day even. Sigh. Anyway so on Saturday during lunch he was lecturing the spud on what was going to happen to his fish fingers, because he now knows that food goes into the mouth, down the gullet, then into the stomach, through to the little intestine, into the big intestine and then comes out as poo. The spud was fascinated. I nearly ate my hand in envy (it wouldn't fit down my gullet...). I have never wanted to be one of those pushy parents that force information into their offspring but, er, it is quite cool to, you know, watch kids learn stuff. And stuff. So, today when he was complaining that his tummy hurt I took the opportunity to remind my Spud of those things his friend had told him. I reminded him that he had a full tummy AND a full intestine and he might need to do a poo, something he's managed to avoid for a couple of days. This resulted in him doing a series of fairly alarming stomach contractions. Thinking he was going to make himself ill I asked him what was wrong and he said "Nuffin. I'm trying to make my poo flat so my tummy doesn't hurt." A little information. A dangerous thing. We had an accidental playdate on Tuesday. We were leaving the nursery when the very brave mother of one of his friends invited us around for pancakes as she was already having a few people over. It was pouring with rain and I left the house under the shelter of my new umbrella, an item I am capable of losing in seconds as witnessed by the fact that I lost it twice the day I bought it. This is normal umbrella etiquette for me, 10 years ago I lost 3 of them in two days and until this recent purchase, I haven't owned one since. I also packed a pocket umbrella for the Spud, an item which has survived for the entirety of my marriage to the Frog purely because I made a pact never to use it. We headed out from nursery, a little pack of bedraggled humans under various hoods and brollies. We arrived and immediately the children formed a pack and started pulling the house to pieces while us Mums formed a second pack and destroyed a bottle of wine. Pancakes were made. Pancakes were eaten. Bedtime passed. Nobody noticed for at least an hour. By the time we left it was quarter past nine and pouring with rain. The spud insisted on riding his scooter so I carried his bag, my bag, and, triumphantly, both of our umbrellas. We walked along, him scooting next to me under my shelter and me feeling incredibly, unbelievably smug for not having left our brollies at either the nursery or with our friends. I thought, as we walked through the rain-dark streets, happily talking about how deep the puddles were and what a fun evening we had, that perhaps I am finally to be trusted with an umbrella. Perhaps, I thought, my native forgetfullness has been cured by the added need for attention that motherhood brings, and that perhaps - just perhaps - this one might be for keepsies. I was smug all the way home, until I realised I was wearing only my jacket and that my coat, with my house-keys still in its pocket, was hanging, forgotten, over our host's balustrade. Ah me. One of the things I felt the lack of when I was pregnant was a sense of continuity for my child. My husband and I live ages from our families, neither of us have a family home or church or school that we can hope our child will go to; there is no family christening gown or aged rocking horse... I thought everything was going to have to be new. About a year ago however, I loaded onto the record player in his room a Dr. Seuss album from the 1960s which I have been toting around with me since... well, since the 1960s frankly. It was The Sleep Book (b-side: If I ran the Zoo). He loves it, but he likes 'Green Eggs and Ham' even more which we read along with the record. Shortly afterwards I went to visit my parents and discovered a box of wonders in their cellar. Now he drifts off to sleep under a Winnie The Pooh blanket made for me when I was his age by some unidentified aunt, perhaps, or family friend; he plays with my ancient building blocks and eats his pasta from my old Bunnykins bowl (which the frog hates; too twee and bourgeois and covered in bunnies) and he plays with some of my old cars, including a tiny London bus I've had for at least 35 years which he refers to as 'your special bus, Mummy'. It's cool, I'm remembering more and more things from my early years. We're singing songs from 'Little Toot' while he's in the bath, a title which I have to say always makes me chuckle and go 'la la la' a lot - because what girl can remember all the words to a song about a tugboat 40 years after the fact? I'm enjoying handing these pieces of my childhood on to my own child and am very conscious that this sharp and often wearisome thing we call the present is actually his past and the most important thing we can give him. There are a few more things in the mystery box that he will inherit as the years go by but the most important thing is, of course, a sense of family; a sense of continuity. Something that I hope ultimately will hold me in good stead when I am old and frail and in need of a real special bus; or at least, a son with enough charity to keep an eye out for his old Ma and perhaps wrap her knees with a Pooh blanket on a cold afternoon. Well, just what I always wanted, having to take a holiday day because Charlie has been excluded from nursery for having a runny tummy. I'm not sure what's worse, him being ill (which judging by his performance today, he isn't) or me having to waste a holiday day during an exceedingly busy period at work. I'm still not feeling tippy top after a few days of illness, although have managed popcorn and a banana today (soooooo healthy.....) but given I don't have to struggle into a desk through cold weather and rush hour traffic I could easily put in a day's work so really cannot justify a sickie. What's lovely however is us hanging low together. I'm getting some work done and we're being very very lazy. So far today he's painted a picture, eaten copiously, watched 'Shrek', played computer games and, er... lordy I think that's it. Currently he's playing 'Shrekcart' on my iPhone, a device which is possibly under-rated as a babysitter; although earlier on he took a picture of me in all my morning glory and I caught him right in the act of posting it onto Twitter so I admit to the possibility of being wrong on that one. Shortly we're going to head to the park to get some air which will probably do us both some good. Today has all the redolence of a day off school when I was young and I've realised why - because that's exactly what it is, only this time I am in the place of my own Mum; trying to get some work done while amusing my bored offspring who is well enough to feel restless but not quite well enough to be insistent. He's cuddly and funny and sweet and is playing by himself the best he can, given that he is only 3. It's cold outside, warm inside and I see a lovely warm bath and an early bed in our future... and a weekend of work; but that's a few days away and for now, we'll just eat our cheese toasties, get into our warm clothes and go and feed some ducks. anon. The last few days the Frog and I have been fighting off nausea and a general sense that we feel ill. The spud has been his high-stepping self until this morning when, halfway to an out-of-town visit, about 45 minutes from home, he threw up his breakfast all over himself. Nothing like negotiating the entry to the M4 whilst listening to one's offspring redecorate the back of the car. I need here to leave a word of thanks to the goddess as right at the entrance ramp there is a petrol station; so just as he was heaving his last and seconds before we got sucked into the vortex of the motorway I was able to stop and get the poor kid cleaned and changed. We turned for the journey home, 45 minutes of auditory and other sensory delights as the spud's stomach proved it wasn't just fooling around. Once back, bathed, reclothed, cuddled and tucked onto the sofa with "Ice Age" while I washed various car-related items (and two sets of his clothes) he felt well enough to ask for a little warm chocolate milk and once that had been down for half an hour with no ill effects, I offered him a dry biscuit. I have very bland taste in biscuits. My favourites are Digestives and if given a choice between say, a Bourbon vs a Rich Tea I'll take the Rich Tea every time. Recently I discovered these cheapo, very plain, very lo-calorie biscuits which are, I believe the acme - or perhaps it should be the nadir - of how plain a biscuit can possibly be. I love them and I gave one to the spud an hour ago. He took it. He looked at it. "Is this for Elsie?" he said, holding it up and talking about our elderly next door neighbour. "Or for Papi Georges?" his 81 year old Grandfather. "It's a Papi Georges biscuit!" Only 3 and already he's assigning food into age-appropriate brackets. It stayed down by the way and now he's demolishing cheerios. We may have to conclude that he is simply be car sick. I know that right now I, personally, am sick of the car. .  Poof! Want to see more of little Sarah Kit Kat Kate? 5/1/08: Meet Sarah Kate 5/11/08: There's&nbsp;A New Supervisor in Town 5/26/08: Purr Where You're Planted 6/4/08: Look What the Kit Kat Dragged In 8/24/08: You Can't Fence in a Farm Cat 2/16/10: Perfectly Posed ý Copyright 2010 FarmgirlFare.com , the black and white foodie farm blog where this&nbsp;daylight after 7pm stuff is kind of freaking us out. Well, not all of us¡ªbut at least the ones who are used to catering to everybody else's needs (and putting off their own dinner)&nbsp;at a certain time of the day. Katahdin Cute Overload It's a funny thing about our sheep shearer ¡ªhe raises sheep that don't need to be sheared. They're Katahdins, and this hardy breed has hair rather than wool that, as you can see here , comes off each year on its own. One of the biggest problems we face raising our mostly Suffolk meat sheep here in Missouri is internal parasites, specifically a blood sucking stomach worm known as the barber pole or wire worm . For much of the year it's wet and warm here, which, unfortunately, is Parasite Paradise. Despite agressively using both commercial and natural wormers, we've lost numerous sheep over the years to worms¡ªand we've been comparatively lucky. I know of one farmer who had most of her flock drop dead from internal parasites¡ªthe day after they'd been wormed. It's terrible. And while there were many benefits to having that extra rain during the past two springs and summers, it made the parasite problem even worse. Ram Lambs Lined Up for Our Inspection (we chose the one on the far left) Katahdin sheep are naturally parasite resistant, and a couple of years ago we got to talking about them with our shearer while he was shearing our sheep. A few weeks later we drove over to his farm and picked out a three-month-old, 75-pound, registered Katahdin ram lamb (whose father was a US champion) to breed to our mostly Suffolk ewes. When Joe saw me squealing over all the corralled cuteness before I could even climb out of the truck, he said it was a really good thing we hadn't brought a big stock trailer. You Carry the Lamb Low so the Mama Can See and Smell It We also got a great deal on two registered Katahdin ewes who each had a newborn lamb by their side, including one&nbsp;who had been born that morning. These were the first ewes I purchased since buying my original flock back in 1995. I've always&nbsp;kept a closed flock, expanding it by holding back the best ewe lambs. The only sheep purchased and brought in were rams, which&nbsp;are replaced every couple of years to avoid inbreeding. The New Ram and the Littlest New Member of the Flock Sadly, the strapping Katahdin ram lamb was killed by coyotes out in the front field the first morning he was let out of his quarantine holding pen. You can read more about that terrible killing season (which, paws crossed, is permanently over thanks to our super livestock guardian dogs, Marta and Daisy ) here . Edward on the Job in Fall 2009 (the girls sometimes play hard to get) Not willing to give up on our plan, we returned to the sheep shearer's farm and picked out another young Katahdin ram. We named him Edward, and in spring 2009, our first Katahdin/Suffolk cross lambs were born. (There are some other breeds mixed in, bred down from some of my original mixed breed ewes, from the Border Leicester ram I used the first few years, and from a wonderful Hampshire ram we had in 2002 and 2003.) We also bred the two Katahdin ewes&nbsp;with Edward in order to get some more purebred Katahdins, and they each had twins. Emmy Lou Back Then And Emmy Lou Now The Katahdin ewe lamb that arrived here as a newborn, and who I recently (finally!) named Emmy Lou, was also bred when Edward jumped through 11 strands of barbed wire in order to continue breeding season (another story I never got around to telling). She gave birth in spring 2009 to this little cutie pie we named Friendly. The other newborn lamb was a ram, and he eventually went into our freezer so we could see how we liked the taste of Katahdin meat (it's very good). That gave us a total of seven purebred Katahdin ewes to breed. We've been thrilled so far with these Katahdin and Katahdin crosses and have high hopes going into spring grazing season, which is one of the wormiest times of the year, especially since hormones in the nursing ewes make them especially susceptible. We're still aggressively worming, but now we're mostly using a drench (liquid squirted into the throat with a drench 'gun' connected to a 'backpack' holding the liquid) of organic raw apple cider vinegar and garlic juice. - We're also still adding diatomaceous earth, an all natural wormer (which has dozens of other uses, especially in the garden), in with both their grain treats and salt/mineral mix. Our sheep have never looked better. Even the lambs of the ewes who had bad parasite problems last year aren't wormy. Okay, I hadn't planned to go all the way back to 2008 to begin the explanation of why our 2010 lambing season started several weeks earlier than expected, but I've actually been meaning to explain how and why we now have Katahdins ever since we got them, especially&nbsp;since many of you have been asking. Anyway, when I called the sheep shearer to arrange this year's shearing , I asked if he happened to have any big Katahdin ewes for sale, big enough to breed with our big Suffolk ram, Da Big Guy, and he said yes. He had some pregnant six-year-olds for sale who were good sheep with nothing wrong except that they were six years old (many sheep breeders prefer to not to keep ewes older than five). He even could deliver them when he came to shear. I asked him to pick out the two biggest ewes, and he brought us these gorgeous girls¡ªwho both had triplets last year. My main concern with the Katahdins is that we're going to lose the nice big size we've built up over the years with the Suffolks. I prefer to butcher the lambs at about 130 or even 140 pounds, and the purebred Katahdin lambs aren't getting that big. You just don't get as much meat otherwise. We always take the smallest lambs for ourselves, and some years they've only been about 100 pounds, but our customers prefer them bigger (some want them over 150 pounds if possible)¡ªand since the butcher charges a flat processing fee, they also get more for their money with bigger lambs. In 2004, we started naming all babies born on the farm alphabetically: 'A' names for 2004, 'B' names for 2005, etc. It makes things so much easier (and only took me nine years to come up with the idea). Some of you know how long it can take to get a name around here, but amazingly, we've already named our new ewes who were born back in the 'A' year. This is Ava And this is Audrey Ava¡ªwhose full name is Ava Gardener so we can remember that these ewes came to live with us in 2010, the 'G' name year¡ªgave birth to these incredibly cute twins last Monday. You can see more photos of them here and here . Audrey just keeps getting bigger. The rest of the ewes should start giving birth around April 1st! Can't wait? Bounce back down lambie lane: Lambing Season 2006 Photos &amp; Reports Lambing Season 2006 Part 2 Lambing Season 2006 Part 3 Lambing Season 2007 Photos &amp; Reports Lambing Season 2007 Part 2 Lambing Season 2008 Part 1 Lambing Season 2008 Part 2 Lambing Season 2008 Part 3 Lambing Season 2009 Lambing Season 2009 Part 2 - If you raise sheep and want to know more about this, let me know. If you're already using the 'last line of defense' wormers like Dectomax and Cydectin and are wondering what you're going to do when your sheep build up an immunity to it, organic garlic juice¡ªwhich is being studied as a natural wormer specifically because of that looming sheep industry problem¡ªjust may be your saving grace. ý Copyright 2010 FarmgirlFare.com , the sheep loving foodie farm blog where Farmgirl Susan shares recipes, photos, and sometimes very long stories about her crazy country life on 240 remote Missouri acres. Sea of Sheep Cute So who are all these lambs and how are they related to our early start to lambing season? The whole story should be up tomorrow. No, really, I mean it this time. It's even all written, and I was hoping to finish it tonight, but today kind of got away from me¡ªpartly because the story ended up&nbsp;a lot&nbsp;longer than planned, and partly because I spent about six hours this morning working on a total blog makeover (so exciting, but what a time suck). And now that everyone else has been fed, it's time for us to eat! Lambs not real high on your cute meter but still need a dose? The First Daily Doses of Cute Daily Doses of Cute Part 2 Daily Doses of Cute Part 3 Daily Doses of Cute Part 4 Daily Doses of Cute Part 5 Daily Doses of Cute Part 6 Daily Doses of Cute Part 7 Daily Doses of Cute Part 8 Daily Doses of Cute Part 9 Daily Doses of Cute Part 10 Daily Doses of Cute Part 11 Daily Doses of Cute Part 12 Daily Doses of Cute Part 13 ý Copyright 2010 FarmgirlFare.com , the days flying by foodie farm blog where that freaky heat wave is thankfully over and we're back to normally cool weather again¡ªwhich actually feels quite nice. Not a Recipe ý Copyright 2010 FarmgirlFare.com , the whupped foodie farm blog where between putting up a longer than planned kitchen garden blog post about growing onions (do you grow onions? come chime in!) and yet another trip to town (this time to spend a whopping $477 on new tires for the flatbed trailer that we only use a couple of times a year but are never able to use because it always has three flats), today's post is shorter than planned. Now there's a piping hot homemade pizza topped with homegrown beef pepperoni, a Harry Potter DVD, a comfy reclining loveseat, and an equally whupped hunky farmguy calling my name, so I'll see you (after yet another trip to town in the name of vintage tractor repair) tomorrow. And They Always Feel So Peaceful I know I promised an explanation today for our surprise early start to lambing season, along with more cute baby pictures (there's still just the one set of twins on the ground), but while I was out walking around this beautiful morning I started thinking that maybe some of you might also be feeling as if you're running in circles while being pulled in a million directions at once, yet hardly getting anything done ( still unposted winter recipes, anyone? ) and could use a quiet little moment of peace. I'll be back later today or (more likely) tomorrow with the story and another dose of baby lamb cute (they are so cuddly). In the meantime, don't forget to stop and breathe it all in. And again. Doesn't that feel good? I never get tired of the morning mist: 7/6/05: Misty Morning Sunrise 8/3/05: Breakfast Under The Mist 8/10/05: View Through The Dew 8/26/05: These Misty Summer Mornings Feel So Peaceful 9/25/05: I Can't Resist These Pink Sunrises 10/11/05: Sheep Into The Mist 11/22/05: From Out Of The Fog, A Little Beagle Dog 11/26/05: October &amp; November Same Scene, New View 2/19/06: Five Seasonal Views of the Haybarn 3/12/06: Misty Morning Rose Lamb 5/13/06: Morning Mist Rising off the Wet Weather Creek 5/25/06: Donkey In The Mist 5/29/06: Sun Hits Morning Mist 8/16/06: Misty Morning Peace - Stop &amp; Breathe It In 11/23/06: Thankful To Call This Place Home 1/1/07: Two Trees Dancing Under The Morning Mist 12/13/07: Slow Traffic Ahead 12/14/07: Good Next Door Neighbors 4/8/08: A Fresh New Day 8/17/08: Quiet for Breakfast 12/11/08: My Favorite View, No Matter What the Season 8/23/09: Morning Peace (one of my favorite series) 11/19/09: Misty Morning Light Need a bigger farm fix today? (Some categories overlap): Farm Landscape Photos More Farm Landscape Photos Handmade Fence Photos Homemade Swing Photos Hayfield Photos More Hayfield Photos Sunrise and Sunset Photos Snow Photos Same Scene, New View Photos (I need to get back to posting these!) ý Copyright 2010 FarmgirlFare.com , the sunshine and 70 degrees foodie farm blog where all the windows have been happily flung open, there's lots of fresh smelling laundry on the line , and a wonderful unexpected rainstorm last night has soaked into the fields and is now coaxing the grass to grow so fast you can almost see it. Just don't tell the sheep that hay feeding season lasts until the first of May¡ªthat is if the homegrown hay holds out! (3:30pm) Welcome to Babyland (5:30pm) Cute, Cute¡ªand Hungry, Hungry! The short version is that our lambing season has started several weeks earlier than originally planned, and this Katahdin hair sheep mama and her twin lambs, who were born just before we got back from town (of course), are doing just fine. The brown one is a boy, and the white one is a girl. The longer version¡ªin which I explain just what the heck is going on, and ply you with more lambie cuteness¡ªwill have to wait until tomorrow, as we're heading back out, in the opposite direction this time, to hunt down yet more tractor parts¡ªfor both of our vintage tractors . The question is, Will there be more lambs waiting for us when we get home? Can't wait for the cute? These should hold you over for a while: Lambing Season 2006 Photos &amp; Reports Lambing Season 2006 Part 2 Lambing Season 2006 Part 3 Lambing Season 2007 Photos &amp; Reports Lambing Season 2007 Part 2 Lambing Season 2008 Part 1 Lambing Season 2008 Part 2 Lambing Season 2008 Part 3 Lambing Season 2009 Lambing Season 2009 Part 2 ý Copyright 2010 FarmgirlFare.com , the doubly cute foodie farm blog where 'vintage tractors' just sounds so much nicer than 'rattly old broken down tractors,' doesn't it? Comfy Cozy is She I Love the Black Sheep Best! (except for my baby Cary , of course): 11/18/05: Frosted Snugglebunny 4/8/06: BB and Her Newborn Baby 4/28/06: Snugglebunny's Twin Girls Always Stay Together 6/27/06: Snugglebunny's Twin Girls Heading Out for Breakfast 7/10/06: BB and Her Mother Tana Are Always Together 9/30/06: Seeing Double 2/9/07: I Love Black Sheep! (Sheep Shearing Photos) 3/14/07: Tana and Her Baby Boy, First Morning Outside 3/20/07: All Booked Up at the Bonding Suite Inn! 5/13/07: The Tail of Two Mothers: A Mother's Day Story from the Farm 10/11/07: Living by the Light 12/5/07: Spy Sheep 4/4/08: Anybody Need an Experienced Sheep Dryer? 4/20/08: Raa Raa Black Sheep! Another Black Baby Lamb 10/2/08: Gossip Central 4/3/09: Black Babes for Black Beauty 4/14/09: Too Cute for Words? 6/9/09: Stop, Look, and Listen 7/15/09: Getting Ahead. . . ý Copyright 2010 FarmgirlFare.com , the neatly sheared and ready for the heat wave (it's supposed get up into the 60s today!) foodie farm blog where some of the black sheep¡ªincluding this squished-by-choice ewe¡ªturn grey as they grow up, but I still think of them as black sheep. And yes, there are some seriously pregnant bellies in this picture! Didn't Think So How about a little meander down Donkette Memory Lane instead? 12/2/07: A Little Donkey Secret 1/1/08: A Donkey with a Sense of Humor 2/20/08: Our Resident Weather Girls 2/23/08: Please Don't Step on My Heart 3/2/08: How Do Donkeys Order Lunch? 5/3/08: Grooming Session 8/13/08: Meet the Dog Day 10/17/08: Baby Love? 5/4/09: What Donkey Girls Do During Lambing Season 7/7/09: Happy First Birthday Esmeralda! 7/12/09: Happy First Birthday Evie! 8/9/09: Broccoli Treats? Blech! 1/14/10: Soaking Up Sun in the Snow 2/20/10: Share and Share Alike ý Copyright 2010 FarmgirlFare.com , the long-eared foodie farm blog where the only threat you'd probably face by going into that field (once you made it past our foolish attempt to make this gate impenetrable if you're a big white guard dog trying to escape, which so didn't work) is being loved to death by the Donkettes¡ªunless of course you showed up without a bucket of treats .  I've been enjoying so much new music lately that if I could find the time I'd have a song a day to post here. But given that I don't, I have to be content with once or twice a week, and in doing so I invariably skip over songs that I was enjoying earlier in the week. So, it's Sunday afternoon, and the sun is shining and the children are running around the garden in the hazy light that teases us with memories of summer. And this here is what is playing in my kitchen. A sweet, soulful, dreamy song that makes me feel as though we have all the time in the world. Hear more of The Low Anthem&nbsp; here . The second song 'To Ohio' is another favourite I have on repeat, along with the above 'Charlie Darwin.' There is also a gorgeous stop-animation official video to this too which you can see&nbsp; here , but my love of live music overrides even that, and I just had to post a live video. Hope you had a lovely weekend. Enjoy! Well, a few weeks ago I was alerted to the fact that my favourite shop&nbsp;in the world now has a&nbsp; blog . I can't remember when I first discovered&nbsp; Pedlars , it was certainly a few years back and may have been in an interiors magazine that I first saw it mentioned. Over the years, from the time I first received their lovely catalogue into my letterbox, although I would not necessarily have been a big spender, I have bought a number of things and poured longingly over many more. I'm not sure what it is they have that makes it so appealing, but I suspect it has a lot to do with their manifesto: Stuff We Love That You'll Love Too. In other words, they buy and sell stuff they they love, and they happen to have the most amazing taste in the world, which in turn makes it so appealing to the likes of me!&nbsp; One thing I immediately loved when I first flicked through their catalogue was not just the diversity of products, or the overriding sense of fun, or even the downright coolness of it, but the broad range of prices. Here was a shop that had divine lighting that cost hundreds, but they also had pocket-money stuff that not only could the kids afford, but that they actually really wanted! Of course a bit of investigating showed that of course they had lots of children themselves. And they lived in a beautiful house in the wilds of Scotland. As well as the most amazing holiday home &nbsp;which you can rent.&nbsp;And lots of dogs. And all I could think was, darn it, these guys have it perfect. (I'm sure they would laugh at that, but we have to have heros, don't we?) (By the way this is NOT the holiday home!) In their own words: ' we also have an organic farm in Scotland and a Christmas Tree farm, too. We have six children, four dogs, lots of horses and ponies and three chickens. We live in Scotland and in London and we have a fruit and vegetable farm in Wales. We are constantly on the look out for things that interests us.' Sigh... I love everything about Pedlars. They have amazing&nbsp; Vintage finds , fantastic&nbsp; homewares , brilliant&nbsp; fun stuff &nbsp;for all the family, as well as a&nbsp; music club &nbsp;that is right after my own heart. In fact there is so much more to see that I have to just recommend you take yourself on over there and have a look. And I do think&nbsp;what they are doing&nbsp;must be the greatest job in the world. Imagine! So if you get a chance do pop over and become a follower on their&nbsp; blog , and you never know but you might actually win one hundred pounds to spend in their shop! (Because they are very clever.) And even though it's lame to say I was planning to do this post anyway, ever since discovering their blog, and definitely before I did win that very amount yesterday, it is true. Honestly! Nothing &nbsp;more satisfying than finding something for next to nothing is there? Our local town recently had a new addition of a charity (thrift) shop! This is a very telling sign of the times and rather something as this particular well-to-do town is more home to the likes of up-market boutiques and I never thought I'd see a charity &nbsp;shop there. But there it is, and I have to say the quality is delightfully up-market! But of course. And even better, the prices are proper charity shop prices, unlike certain other ones who have been taking the you-know-what of recent years. So I popped in the other day with very little in my purse and no intention really other than to have a look. But I did spend. A little. This sweet cardigan is so perfectly Julia Childs that I&nbsp; couldn't resist it at just ?3. I think it's the colour as much as anything. And although this skirt (for ?5) doesn't look so great on a hanger, it's lovely on. It's years since I wore something so long and I bought it thinking I would alter it in some way, but it's too nice as it is!&nbsp; But then, part of my intention not to spend was because earlier in the week&nbsp; I had (fatally) gone to my favourite shop,&nbsp; Avoca &nbsp;for breakfast and as&nbsp; usual stopped to look at their sale rail on the way out. Shopping with friends&nbsp; can be bad for you. Persuasive friends. Friends who insist you try on that dress that made you gasp when you saw it, and then rave about how perfect it is on you...sigh... I am weak...I am. So I bought it. And, yes it was on the sale rail, but this is Avoca we are talking about...&nbsp; So I won't be telling you how much I paid for it, even when one friend was cheeky enough to ask them to knock a bit more off it (which they did!).&nbsp; It wasn't huge. It was less than ?100. But still more than I would usually spend. But I had to. And I'm glad I did. Because it is just so lovely. A friend said it is like something out of Bagpuss, which is so apt because that is a world that still exists in my head. Some days I think in my head I am in that little shop: Bagpuss &amp; Co. It's perfect. A shop that doesn't sell anything. It's just a place for lost things... Take a little peep here. This is&nbsp;my childhood,&nbsp;this is all that makes me who I am today. I cannot think of anything that captures it better. Listen here for more of Danny And The Champions Of The World. Here's a band we've been listening to over the last week or so, and I really wanted to share this video with you. I don't think it's an official video, I think it's probably fan made. But from the first time I watched it I've come back to it again and again. Because it is just so incredibly moving.&nbsp; It's such an uplifting song, and coupled with footage that is simply people dancing, it somehow breaks my heart, in a good way. Dancing is such a human thing, and done with such quiet joy and confidence and honesty, with no self-consciousness, that it becomes a thing of great beauty. And watching it my heart is filled with such great love for humans. I can't explain it. But maybe one of you will get what I mean too. And even if you don't, it's a joy to watch, regardless.&nbsp; And do turn up the volume a little! I can't believe I haven't posted here about this band before now! Back in November I was thrilled to read that on the back of their new album,&nbsp; Midlake &nbsp;were on tour, and coming to Dublin. I was still feeling grumpy that I had missed out on no less than four gigs by bands I would love to have seen, so I was determined not to miss this and bought tickets the day they came out. I've been listening to the new album and it is just gorgeous, with echoes of English Folk that just rolls over you like warm water. I wondered if I would like The Courage of Other's as much as I loved their previous album The Trials of Van Occupanther which is on my list of Albums I Never Get Tired Of, and so far I am loving it. (The above song is from the Van Occupanther album). Have a listen&nbsp; here &nbsp;for some more songs from The Courage of Other's. So, that's where we'll be tomorrow night, and I'm looking forward to it, to a night of meeting and eating with friend's, a night of live music, of being transported away for the evening. Happy Valentine's Day to you all, and I hope you get to do something lovely, wherever you are! Update:&nbsp; It was amazing. They were brilliant. It really is something else to see seven incredible musician's up on stage, playing together like one fluid entity, each playing one unique layer of sound, yet knowing exactly where everyone else is, all in a perfect, seamless fusion of beautiful &nbsp; music. And they did &nbsp;take beloved songs and bring them to another level, and it was everything a live show should be. I have to say, the above song was one of the highlights for me. The drumming alone on this song was heady stuff, and just gorgeous. So, a happy girl I am. This will keep me warm for many weeks to come! And A Few Of My Favourite Things. I was never one for fashion magazines. Although if someone produced a Vintage/Thrift fashion magazine I would no doubt be a fan. The only exception might be the Irish magazine&nbsp; Prudence &nbsp;which is not only aimed at people who are broke, but it doesn't have a ridiculous price tag like most fashion mags do. I like that! This may be why I love places like Etsy &nbsp;and ebay. But of course that takes time to browse, something I don't have an awful lot of. Which is why magazines are great, I guess! I do go through phases of buying Interiors magazines when I need inspiration, my favourites being Homes and Antiques , and&nbsp; Living Etc. But my absolute, all-time-favourite, can't-live-without magazines have to be my monthly music regulars Uncut &nbsp;and&nbsp; Mojo . I just love to hide away with these and a cup of coffee&nbsp;for an hour or so and devour every word I can. It's never enough, but there is a month's worth of reading in them and by the time the next one is out I have just about finished it. And you get a free cd each month too. My favourite pages are the music review pages, which is where I find all sorts of jewels, both new and old, new bands, new singers, new albums, rereleases. It's all there. And if I like the sound of it I'll take myself off to Spotify &nbsp;to check them out. (Although sometimes you have to wait a couple of weeks for a new album to be available to listen to.) One thing I have discovered from reading these two magazines is the record label&nbsp; Jagjaguwar , which is host to some of my all-time favourite bands like&nbsp; Bon Iver &nbsp;and&nbsp; Volcano Choir . This months Uncut included a cd of songs from bands on this label, some of which I have heard of, some I haven't. And I wanted to share the one that jumped out for me, the one I am listening to on loop. From British Columbia,&nbsp; Pink Mountaintops. Their sound reminds me somewhat of&nbsp; Mazzy Star &nbsp;gone somewhat gospel,&nbsp;and someone else I can't put my finger on. Last year's album 'Outside Love' is just gorgeous. Have a&nbsp; listen here . (The title track in particular is sublime). So, let the middle of the week just slide right on by us. I am focused on the weekend, with the right kind of laidback sounds to keep me company. And plenty of reading material, which I've no doubt will furnish a number of posts here on ~Carnival~. Hope your week is going swimmingly for you too. And what might you be listening to? I have been entranced. Yet again. On loop in my kitchen, in my car, is 'July Flame', the new album from the lovely Laura Veirs. A number of years back my sister, Emma, gave me a copy of 'Carbon Glacier' which she had picked up in the US. I loved it. From the first listen. And the following year went straight out and bought her follow up album 'Year of Meteors'. When she played in Whelan's the week before Emma went back to the states for good, we went to see her, sat right up the front, and I cried at least twice. She was amazing. And yes, I was emotional about saying goodbye to Emma. But Laura Veirs rocked. In a sweet sort of way. So, when I read the reviews in my favourite music magazines, Mojo and Uncut, and words like enchanted, suffused, and mysticism were used, I just had to check it out. And it didn't disappoint me. As I said. I have been entranced. And the inclusion of the likes of Laura Gibson and the mighty Jim James of My Morning Jacket just sends me into raptures! There is hardly a wrong note on the whole thing. Laura is on tour at the moment, though I was very sad to read they won't be coming to Dublin this time. But seeing as Laura is very pregnant I figured it wouldn't be fair to make a fuss! Do check out her&nbsp; blog &nbsp;over on her website. And while there you can have a look at some of their other&nbsp; videos &nbsp;too. You can also listen and buy her (six) other albums, as well as a recording of a young French choir who recorded nine of her songs, the result of which is a strangely moving experience. If you think you might be interested you can also listen to more from Laura Veirs&nbsp; here . And read reviews or download songs&nbsp; here . I so wish I could post the track called 'Little Deschutes' here for you to listen to. I am listening to it as I write, with goosebumps. It truly is sublime. But the album is so new I haven't found it anywhere that can post here. So have a listen if you come across it. ' I wanted to make something sweet, The blood inside the maple tree, the sunlight trapped inside the wood, make something good.' Nothing like a weekend away, is there? As I mentioned&nbsp; over on Milkmoon , myself and Jay managed to escape for a long weekend to visit some friends, Marta and Sam, in Madrid. And as everyone knows, there is nothing better than having someone who knows the city for finding the best of everything! So, there was endless wanderings around the streets of Madrid, and on Saturday myself and Marta took ourselves off &nbsp;and we found a number of vintage shops which I was very excited about. And let me say, the prices were amazing. This sweet dress was ?18, and it's in mint condition. I am loving tweed and plaid at the moment, and I couldn't resist this rather school~mistressy kilt for ?10! It's 100% wool and so warm , which was just what I needed as we traipsed about in the snow. And this gorgeous leather bag which we both admired in the window, Marta bought, and then gave to me (sweet thing that she is!) was ?5.95!! I love it so much! I could have filled an entire suitcase with fabulous finds, but as we were restricted both financially and in terms of baggage I had to limit myself, sadly. But I am already planning my next trip, hopefully in June for Finn's 12th birthday. I promised her a Mum~and~me trip somewhere, and I think it might just be Madrid! With two empty suitcases... ~i am thinking about signing up for this half marathon ~i need my lower back pain to go away first. ~i really wish I could do the DisneyWorld Wine &amp; Dine 1/2 in October. or even better, the Disneyland 1/2 in September. Then I could get the finisher medal AND the "coast-to-coast" medal for doing races @ both parks in same year. but i can't. not fitting the schedule OR my budget. ~i really, really want to start taking yoga @ a local yoga place, but cannot seem to make it fit into my schedule OR my budget (again). :( ~really looking forward to running another race with Beth , Page and Meghan...i haven't had that much fun in a long time. ~i can't help feeling a bit competitive nowadays with this running stuff...I want to set a new PR for my next 5K as well as the next 1/2 I do. 1. What was the easiest subject for you in school? photography...oh did you mean academic classes, English and anything that wasn't Math. 2. Three signs Autumn is here: I think the leaves on the trees change color :) cooler weather. shorter days. 3. What is your favorite flavor of potato chip? plain ruffles please with Dean's French Onion dip. YUM! 4. What is your favorite dessert to get at a restaurant? anything with chocolate usually, although it doesn't happen often. 5. Where is your favorite place to go when you need some time alone? good question... 6. Scatter-brained or organized? organized most of the time. 7. Would you pay extra for a room with a view? depends on the view, but most likely not since i'm typically on vacation when this scenario presents itself and I don't plan to spend a whole lot of time in my room when I'm on vacation. heck, we didn't even pay extra for an ocean view in HAWAII!! Not to mention that it was quite a difference in price. 8. What is your favorite black-and-white movie? is it bad that I don't have one? 9. What's the best part of the playground? the swings. 10. Which do you prefer: the activity of city life or the peacefulness of country life? Give me NYC baby! 11. The color yellow makes me think of: sunshine. Spring time. 12. What was the last tv program you watched? probably either "Max &amp; Ruby" or "Ni Hao Kai Lan"...obviously not my choice. 13. How old were you when you got your first bank account? i have no idea...maybe 14 or so... 14. What is your most productive time of day? the morning hours typically. 15. Ketchup goes on: french fries. hamburgers. hot dogs. 16. Which room in your home needs the most cleaning attention right now? E's bedroom. you are bound to step on at least one toy if you go in there at this moment. 17. What bill do you hate to pay the most? the mortgage, only because it's the biggest bill. 18. Why did you choose the shirt you are wearing today? it matched the rest of what I am wearing. 19. Do you think marriage is an outdated ritual? right now, yes...outdated among other things... 20. Where was the hangout spot when you were a teenager? Primo's Pizza. ~i'm sitting at SBUX for my regular-Sunday-study-session..except...I'm blogging, not studying...scold me please! I am having a really HARD time focusing. This semester is kicking my butt for some reason...I have a lot to do, but I've had heavier semesters with more work, so not sure why I'm feeling like my head is just barely above water. ~early this a.m. I finally finished transcribing 20 minutes of a counseling session. It took FOREVER and is 7 pages long (single spaced!) Now I have to go through and make comments throughout regarding my responses and how I was feeling during the session in relation to my responses. THEN I have to write a two page paper about the case. I should really be working on that instead of blogging... ~E and I woke up at 8am this morning. I was so excited to see that we slept in an extra hour. Then I remembered that I changed my clock before going to sleep. Darn! No extra sleep for me. ~Oh and I managed to run 4 miles on Friday evening, but have had lower back pain ever since. not good. i've never had back pain after running before. what is going on? my new best friend...ibuprofen. ~Ok I need to stop reminiscing (fondly) of last weekend and how much fun I had and get back to reality...and studying. ~Happy Sunday~~ ~just to clarify...DisneyWorld is NOT the Happiest Place on Earth it claims to be...just ask E! ~yep, that would be him in FULL MELTDOWN MODE while we were in line for Space Mountain . Upon ride entrance, it was posted as a 30 minute wait but turned out to be closer to 45. Regardless, E hit his limit at about the 20 minute mark...and for NO reason at all except that he didn't want to be there anymore...well I take that back...he DID want to be there, right ON the floor. He was COMPLETELY calm while laying on the (nasty, gross, dirty) floor, but when I went to pick him up....the kicking, wiggling &amp; screaming began. And it was ugly. very, very, ugly indeed. ~I'm glad it was dark/dim in there because I was probably turning 47 shades of red from sheer embarrassment &amp; humiliation. The stares from everyone in line were nearly unbearable for me. I'm one who lets what others think really bother me and while I realize I will never see any of those people again, I was still quite upset about the crazy scene that my fabulous son was making! ~ Dawn (AKA "the baby whisperer") was waiting in line with us and since she didn't want to ride she was able to take E out of line once we reached the point where the line opens up and allows you to do that...which seemed about 1000 miles away at the time. I have never felt a greater sense of relief in my life once he was out of line &amp; no longer sprawled out on the floor. Note: I went on this trip to WDW with plans to ride only 2-3 things and instead spend the majority of time on things E would enjoy...and after this experience in line, I really didn't care if I went on another single ride all weekend. ~Thankfully that was the ONLY time he had a full meltdown over the weekend. ~did I mention we are also struggling with him hitting these days? oh TWO is such a lovely age. please note the extreme sarcasm here. ~oh and here's hoping that age 3 is better than 2 as it's official....I'm signing up for the 2011 WDW Princess 1/2!!! Woohoo! Registration begins on May 1, 2010. OK - I have finally had a chance to complete this post with pictures...Blogger really needs to improve their picture uploading process...one at a time is the pits! Anyway...here we go... Dawn wanted to see my dishes...we got these as a wedding gift and well, after using them, I no longer like them...they are navy blue and the round plates dip in to much, almost making a bowl shape and the small square plates...well those pointy corners are a pain for the dishwasher and well they are just overall a pain. The bowls are "ok", but a tad bigger would be better and the teacups, well, we NEVER use them. Ahhh, they may look good on the shelf initially, but you learn alot once you start USING an item. I'm ready for new dishes, but waiting until more of these break... Beth wanted to see my laundry room. This would probably be the most boring and drab room in the house. In fact, I just recently told O I want to paint it because (1) it's plain white and (2) it is right off the garage so receives all kinds of bangs to the wall etc and could use a coat of paint to brighten it up...please leave me your color suggestions. Hopefully in my next house I'll have a bigger laundry room, it was really something I was searching for before we bought this house, but just didn't work out. This was a hard picture to take, hence two shots, one from each side, because literally the room is only the length of the two machines side my side. Hydrant Girl wanted to see my favorite part of the house...that would be my office...when I'm able to get in there and really get things done or just relax and surf the web. Travel &amp; Dive Girl wanted to see my kitchen counter, where I do my baking...it's not much and it's a bit smaller than I'd like it, but I make do for now. That corner cabinet is where all my baking ingredients are stored, so at least it's convenient. Sara wanted to see my living room as it is now...eeks...toys abound and if you look closely you can see E's head near the fireplace...he was likely adding more toys to the floor. Oh and that window treatment is a thorn in my side...it never stays in place so it usually just looks like a piece of fabric thrown up there. Lindsay wanted to see a view from E's perspective...i took 2 shots... Fidgeting Gidget wanted to see my favorite shirt and my softball glove. I am a "life is good" t-shirt junkie and I really like this one right now... "less is s'more"...haha. And my ancient softball glove - how i miss thee - poor thing hasn't been used since 2006. sad! Brandi wanted to see the entrance or foyer to my house. Sadly my house is so ridiculously small that we don't have a traditional foyer, the front door basically dumps right into our living room...so as you walk in, this is what you see. Also, unless we have guests coming over the front door is rarely used since we come in through the garage. Hula had to squeeze herself into the picture. ~i took E to school this morning and i'm home today working on a long list of things to-do...I should NOT be blogging...let's consider it my lunch break. ~i completed my fafsa for next (and the last) school year. finally!! such a pain! ~I am finishing up the past 2 weeks "reflections" on my counseling activities at the high school...you know, being in this touchy-feely profession means lots of reflecting on myself and how I feel. ~finishing up a couple of lesson plans on nutrition topics. I need to do some classroom guidance in the CDC room for the rest of the semester....I'm way behind on my direct hours. ~made a call to the Disney ticket office. got good news which will hopefully prevent me from losing a day on my 3 day ticket since we only made it to the parks on Sat &amp; Sun. ~heading to the post office this afternoon to mail 4 packages. ~i really need to get all this school stuff done so I can use the weekend to do a transcription of one of my counseling sessions that will occur Thurs/Fri this week. Note: transcriptions take FOREVER...every.single.word.noise.um.like.ok need to be documented. ~i've become a fan of interval running now. really want to go to Target to look for a watch like Meghan had for the race. ~i signed up for a 5K on April 10, 2010...it benefits the schools, I can even pick a particular school to benefit. yay. ~still need to upload my Disney pictures to Shutterfly...dreading that...big time suck. ~back to the schoolwork. ~i took 180 pictures on my Canon Rebel and I took 17 with the point and shoot along the race course...for a grand total of 197 pictures...so that means that the winner is.... AMY !!!!! Let me know where to send your Disney prize... ~I have not been able to download my pictures yet, but here is a brief review of the race...hoping to post pictures later tonight. ~The short story: I met my time goal, finished the 13.1 miles and I avoided the "van of doom"...the one that picks you up if you fall behind a 16/min mile pace. Phew!! ~I got about 4 hrs of sleep the night before the race &amp; was fighting off some intense nerves which caused me to have a super upset tummy.all.night.long. and then I woke 30 minutes before the alarm...ugh. A rough start. ~I met Meghan, Jessica, and Beth in the lobby at absolutely insane hour of 3:30am to head to the race start. We waited around some, used the porta-potties some, froze some, checked our gear, headed to our corral, froze some more, peed in the bushes (where I got burrs all over the back of my shirt) and then finally started our race. ~Meghan, Beth, Page (Beth's friend) and I were all in Corral E and started at 6:28am...after being "in process" for 3 hours... ~Meghan and I ran the first 9 or so miles together doing 5/1 intervals after running the entire first mile. ...at about the 9 mile mark I could not continue with Meghan as I needed more recovery time...she kept going and I lagged behind with a bit more walking, although not too much more. In the end, I finished 6 minutes after her. ~At every mile mark, there was a princess-theme billboard w/time clock and music. There were tons of characters along the way as well and while we thought we would stop for pictures, we quickly changed our mind when we saw the crazy long lines. ~I realized how much I like the song "Holding Out for a Hero" by Bonnie Tyler :) Really though, it has got to be THE perfect "make-you-want-to-run" song. Or maybe it was just that it was playing as I passed the Disney float thingee with 5 Disney Princes on it...i dunno, let's just say it was the song. ~My goal was to finish under 3 hours and I (barely) did just that... 2:58:26 was my finish time. I'm already thinking that's not good enough and want to improve it...I'm sure these feelings will fade in a couple of days. LOL!! ~I would love to do the Princess 1/2 again next year and I'm making tentative plans (in my head)...so now it's just a matter of the stars aligning correctly, i.e. date/timing. ~I took a bunch of pictures. I haven't totaled them up yet, but I will do that tonight and post the winner. ~Oh and I'm still putting together that "pictures of my home" post...hoping to finish that and post this week too. First I just want to apologize for being away for so long, and am going to catch-up a bit.It's mid-winter, and not alot of riding is being done lately, which makes us all a little stir crazy. So I thought I would bring a little sunshine into our lives, by sharing pics of summer activities not done on the bike. I do have some bike run pics to follow up with, as well as recent additions to my life. Lets get started, shall we?A little boating at Modesto Reservoir in my brother in law's boatI love this pic &amp; can't believe I got this shot!We also did some rafting.....  This guy rigged his own by putting a lawn chair on a piece of wood &amp; setting it down in this canoe!  He was taking on water...We also went and watched some Monster Trucks races with a little Extreme Air motocross mixed in.   A little trip to the zoo....   And of course ya gotta get a ride in....go Marky!Then we headed to San Francisco for my daughter's 21st birthday......   We love to go to San Francisco and enjoyed our time with the family, Happy Birthday!With that said, we also love the mountains just as much or more....  .....Now, we did do a year end Toy Run hosted by Renegade Classics, that benefits local children in need. I don't have many picks of the run, but I do have e few pics if some nice bikes. Okay, last but not least...(as most of you already know), we bought a new Jeep! On 1/2/2010 we went and purchased it. ...Then the first day out, this happened... I don't know how, but it did! And here is  see more Engrish And I'm still alive... a new post coming soon. Cold and dark was the night I skipped through the puddles on the parking lot to get to the warm interior of Panchitos in San Rafael. I remember this place as the first restaurant that I tried taking photos of the actual meal that I ate for posting. Of course the crisp chips with very red salsa comes out. I tried the Vegetarian Burrito this trip. It was pleasing to the eye. I loved the whole pinto beans, and the rice was flavorful too. The inside of the burrito was stuffed with fresh sauteed vegetables. It was slightly heavy on zucchini for my taste, but overall it was really good. I ordered it with guac and sour cream which melded the Mexican flavors. This is a nice neighborhood place with good service and solidly good food. Restaurant Inspection Results Critical: 1 Noncritical: 0 Last inspected: December 11, 2009 Previously reviewed: July 7, 2006 Find address/phone number/directions on Anna's Map . I wandered into the Blue Skies Cafe in San Rafael early one morning to sample their breakfast fare. The Blue Skies Cafe is tucked away in the Marin County Health and Wellness Connection Center complex near "The Loop". The Blue Skies Cafe is a Buckelew Program, which only makes it even more of a positive place to visit. Buckelew a non-profit organization which assists older youth and adults with mental illness, into homes, jobs and recovery services. The staff were so cheery and worked with me to find a breakfast of my choosing from their array. The food and drink are all mostly on the politically correct list, and good for the planet! I found a beautifully sunny table and enjoyed my meal. The blackberry scone was WOW, and the hard boiled eggs and mocha were great too. You won't find cooked items like omelets or pancakes here, it is mostly boxed for take out and to eat-with-coffee kind of fare. If you are in the neighborhood, stop by for good items within their repertoire, and enjoy the sun! Restaurant Inspection Results Critical: 1 Noncritical: 0 Last Inspected: March 9, 2009 Find address/phone number/directions on Anna's Map . I met my friend Lori for an Italian seafood dinner one evening in December at Sotto Mare in San Francisco's North Beach. It was one of those cold, inky-black nights. The interior was warm, cozy, and well-loved. We started with the clam chowder, which being hot and creamy was especially satisfying coming in from the cold. I continued the clam theme with Linguine with Clams. It was perfect. The linguine was perfectly al dente, and the clam sauce was classically good. Lori chose Prawn Saute which she enjoyed, including the fresh steamed vegetables which were a colorful and delicious accompaniment. I would certainly revisit this restaurant again for it's solidly good food and friendly ambiance. Weezy's Grass Fed Shed has been on my mind for some time since its opening (and before). Located near Scotty's Market in San Rafael's Terra Linda district, it was just enough out of the way that my visit was delayed. I was happy to find a slice of time to get there and try this wonderful well thought out concept - grass fed beef and veggie burgers served in and with compostable containers, napkins, etc. I was greeted warmly, and ordered a couple burgers. The sizes are small so you can try a variety of toppings. These are just the perfect size for kids. I got a budget-wise combo that included either regular or sweet potato fries, or a mix. I chose the mix, and got a free sample of their dip for the sweet potato fries too. The dip was really great - creamy (cream cheese based?) with a hint of seasonings. No less so the burgers. The vegetarian moo-less burgers were very good. These don't have the texture of a hamburger, and the good taste made that aspect very forgettable. There is a small bar of condiments to top your burger, and I loved that the tomatoes were the Roma type, just the right size to top these 1/8 lb. beauties. I also convinced (it was not very hard) the staff to use a garden patty in a Contiki style burger that has Kikkoman Teriyaki sauce and a piece of pineapple adorning it. I enjoyed them both, and am looking forward to going back. I was also lucky enough to be there at the same time as Weezy's brother. He enlightened me about Weezy and her hope as a mother to create a great community place where kids and the rest can enjoy healthy food quickly in a earth friendly way. She also lives nearby. Restaurant Inspection Results Critical: 2 Noncritical: 1 Last inspected: December 22, 2009 Find address/phone number/directions on Anna's Map . SEA Thai Bistro has opened in Corte Madera where the old "Simmer" was located. I've heard the sister restaurant in Petaluma is awesome, so I hope to visit soon and confirm the same of this new and exciting venue. Dad and I stopped in at BJ's Restaurant &amp; Brewhouse the other day in San Rafael's Northgate Mall. We had been searching for men's slippers, a daunting task indeed after the holiday season is over. Having exhausted ourselves finding a pair, we saw the big BJ's sign as a beacon of welcome. We were greeted and seated promptly. We had some Calamari to start off with while we perused the rest of the menu. It was tender and crisp and had a delicious pair of sauces, spicy marinara and lemon garlic aioli. I could not resist the Garden Vegetable Potato, a HUGE potato stuffed with fresh vegetables and an alfredo sauce. There was also both jack and cheddar cheese melted on top. It was nearly as big as a pee wee football! It tasted good, however, there needed to be a bit more stuffing to really have enough sauce for that sized potato. And most would not be able to finish it anyway. Dad had the Old Fashioned Pot Roast, slow-roasted Angus beef pot roast that is served with white cheddar mashed potatoes, mushroom brown gravy and over roasted vegetables. He loved every drop of it! The only thing that didn't work about this place for my father (and perhaps others) is that the noise level is HIGH. It's hard to carry on a conversation with someone who has good hearing, and is rather miserable for those wearing hearing aids. All in all, it's a recommendable place if you want good food in generous portions in an upbeat, noisy atmosphere. And Happy Valentine's Day! I'm in Seattle right now and am looking forward to sharing some finds on this trip too! Restaurant Inspection Results Critical: 0 Noncritial: 0 Last inspected: November 13, 2009 Find address/phone number/directions on Anna's Map . I enjoy trying new drinks so couldn't resist this new product " First Blush " which was offered as a BOGO (buy one get one) at Safeway. There are several varieties of wine grapes represented in the product line up, and this one is from Cabernet grapes. How thick and luxe! It reminded me of homemade grape juice from my Aunt Dorothy &amp; Uncle Jim's ranch. There are also 1.4 servings in this plastic bottle (it easily turns over so be careful with this bright red juice!), and 154 calories per serving... oooh, I consumed over 200 calories by drinking this? Grapes are definitely sweet! There is no added sugar, and with this calorie load, antioxidants or not, this has to be an occasional treat I'm afraid. Speaking of Aunt Dorothy, there have been a few things keeping me away from blogging, as much as I enjoy it. I got one of those calls you never want to get, and found that after a full and happy life, Aunt Dorothy passed at age 94. So I've been trying to put things in order and make travel arrangements to attend her funeral in Yakima, WA this Friday. Unfortunately, the care of my father has become much more involved recently as well. I am too tired to write coherently these days after getting him tucked in, so Anna's Cool Finds has not been having those daily posts that I so enjoy writing. I'm not giving up on this, however, I'm not sure how frequently I'll be able to post for a while.  I can't hear you cuz I'm stupid This is going to be a rant. If you're not interested in reading a rant, come back later when I'm closer to a glass half full of the milk of human kindness. I'd like to have a little talk about cell phones. I don't mean how people so often answer them when they're with other people- friends or strangers- and then have the conversation right there in front of us all as if we'd just before asked what they were up to these days. "Oh my, that's such a long story. I know! Listen in on this call and it'll give you a snapshot." I also don't mean the people who use their cell phones at unsafe times. Say when they're crossing the street. Or when they're turning left on a green light and they're supposed to yield but instead, when the phone rings and it's their dad they feel they have to take it so they do and, they drive right into the front of my car and total it. Being nearly a half century old provides one with more than just a sense of perspective, it also means one can remember things. (Okay not everything. And, no, not always where the car is parked at the store as well as what one is to buy at the store. But I know the words and tune to two different versions of "Hound Dog", all three versions of the Free Credit Report dot Com ads plus the Hillshire Farms commercials, and I know that Pure Prairie League performed " Amie ". So it's not like my brain is devoid of all usefull information.) One thing I remember very clearly is how people used phones before there were cellphones. "Yeah, yeah. Most people remember phones before cellphones. We remember early cellphones. Why on the first few season's of 'The X Files' Mulder's cellphone was so big it looked like he was talking into Maxwell Smart's shoe ." I remember when all I really wanted for Christmas was a Princess phone . I remember when my grandmother refused to use her phone during certain hours because she had a party line - which isn't as much fun as it sounds and doesn't cost $5.99 per minute- and she didn't want to interfere with her neighbor's rights and opportunities to use the phone. And I remember how people reacted when they got a long distance call. I didn't know anyone who got a call from overseas; in all the cases I witnessed the participants were four hours or fewer apart from each other. For each instance the behavior was the same: Someone would answer the phone, they'd determine the identity of the caller and who they wished to speak to, then they would turn to that person and hiss, "It's your mother"- if it was their mother- then in a much louder hiss they'd add "Long distance". You're probably wondering why someone would say "long distance" at that point. If you live in Wisconsin and your mother lives in California and she's calling you from there then naturally she's calling you long distance. No one should have to explain the conditions to you in other words. But the phrase "long distance" was not uttered sotto voce for the benefit of the intended recipient of the call. It was a cue to the other people in hearing distance as to how they should behave. Televisions and radios were shut off. Depending on the time of day, children were taken outside or to other rooms where they were shushed. It didn't really matter that these precautions were taken to render the vicinity as quiet as possible. It didn't matter because the first thing the person who was handed the receiver did was...shout into it. "HELLO, MOTHER. IT'S GOOD TO HEAR YOUR VOICE." Why did they do this? Some of them did it because America was more rural then and they had grown up running and yelling and working and playing outside. They were used to arguing baseball rules across a field and calling people to dinner who were in the back forty. The other reason many people shouted was because this was a long distance call. These were not stupid people. They were leading productive lives. They had most likely not seen the highly informative video "How Your Phone Works" but if they'd thought about it they probably grasped the idea that there were wires running into their house and into Mrs. Avery's house and into Mom's house that carried the conversations. Well if everything is being transported by wires then it doesn't really matter how far away the other person is, does it? There are wires here and wires there and it all works the same whether it's Mrs. Avery down the block or Mom in California. Right? Technically, yes. (Of course it also costs a hell of a lot more to talk to Mom in California and to this day I've yet to have anyone explain that to me in a satisfactory manner.) But in practice, no. The further away the other person was the louder you had to shout. I'm reminded of those earlier headier days of phone usage whenever I'm out in public but especially when I cross the river and visit the more sophisticated city of Portland. Portland, after all, is bleeding edge. Nike is there. IT firms are there. They had a plan to free wi-fi for the whole city . Portlanders know their technology. You can figure I was surprised then when I realized how many Portlanders were shouting into their cellphones. Whether they're leading productive lives or not these people are stupid. This is 2008 not 1968 and I have different expectations for people's behavior and their understanding of how things work. We have all seen enough news stories about overheard/intercepted cell phone calls to get that conversations are transmitted over radio waves and you don't need to shout just because there isn't a wire running out the end of your phone. (If you want to learn about the beginnings of wireless communication- Hey! You might find it interesting- you can read about the Alohanet here.) I don't think lack of knowledge about how cellphones work is what is causing most people to shout into them. I think it's caused by stupidity. I really believe people are shouting into their phones because they're too ignorant to realize they're trying to use the phone in the wrong place. Not wrong because it's offensive although sometimes that's also true. Wrong because there are environmental factors preventing the phone from fulfilling its purpose of enabling communication. You've probably seen these people. (If you were one of these people I doubt you would have read this far.) In an elevator, descending in a parking garage built by someone whose sideline was fashioning fall-out shelters :(spoken loudly) "Yes, I'm on my way to the car now." Another floor down and the thick walls and wiring interfere: (as if speaking to someone who's old or a non-native speaker of English) "I said I'm in an elevator and I'm on the way to the car. Can you hear me? I. AM. IN. AN. ELEVATOR!" One floor below the sign reading "Abandon all hope..." but the phone user hasn't: (in a voice used for calling "Chow's on" to the back forty) "Can you hear me? Hello? Hello! I was in an elevator?" Shakes phone. (This works for remotes and flashlights but I've never seen it work with a phone.) "Screw it! I'll have to drive over and do this in person". But these were not the stupidest people I saw. That dubious honor goes to the folks who were walking beside the Max train talking on their cellphones. They had the phone up to one ear and they would put their fingers in or hand over their other ear- the one closest to the train tracks- in an attempt to block out the noise and continue the conversation. Unless you're negotiating a hostage situation, an organ transplant, or a way to make people stop knitting or crocheting those Martha Stewart "Freedom" ponchos then there is no reason not to stop and continue your conversation somewhere and somewhen else. After all, at this point it seems to be consisting of "Talk louder! I can't hear you! I'm walking beside an effing train trying to shout over it! What? Because I'm completely stupid!" Okay. Maybe that last was really just editorializing on my part. I can't be sure though. It's hard to hear well when you're standing beside an effing train. Quotidian Economics I have recently become friends with one of the young men in one of my computer classes. I'm not sure how young as he says his birthdate is the equivalent of a state secret and he has had to kill people to protect it. On the other hand, he is young enough not to recognize that "Say 'Good night' Dick" is a reference to Dick Martin of "Laugh-In" as opposed to Dick Cavett the talk show host. (Does anyone besides me remember the series of comedy shows Dick Cavett put together for radio? I heard them on the Armed Forces Radio Network but they had to have started out somewhere else first.) , He wears a lot of message T-shirts with sayings on them like "I won't lower my standards to raise yours". He's one of those intense people who feels that everyone should be learning philosophy and that philosophy should be the basis for a civilization. "If only people thought more about what they're doing and why, the world would be a much better place," he told me today. "If people treated one another fairly and ethically, there would be peace and everyone would get along." "Do you know why more people don't study philosophy?" I said. "No." "I took a class years ago that explained that people didn't even consider things like 'What am I doing' and 'Why am I doing it' until society was sufficiently industrialized that it could afford a leisure class. Most people then and I happen to think most people now as well were too busy trying to get by, trying to eke out a living. But then again it depends on what you mean by philosophy, doesn't it?" "Are you saying people are too busy studying economics to study philosophy?" "I'm saying that if you're living hand to mouth and you can barely feed your family or if that's your perception then you're probably not thinking about why you're doing something. One reason you're not thinking about it is that the answer is obvious: you're doing what you can and what you need to do to acquire food and shelter and clothing for the people who are your responsibility. You're not worried about the people outside your circle because it's someone else's job to look after them. During the Irish Potato Famine there were probably very few people sitting around saying, "Does everything work towards the common good in this world?" "That's just it though," he said. "There was no potato famine". It is at this point that- in the words of Lynne Truss- "I start making pointed harrumphing noises". I am pretty familiar with historical revisionists. I once visited the concentration camp at Dachau and the Lyndon Laroushe people had set up a table outside the gates. Clearly they had not been inside the gates because even if you wrote the facility off as an elaborate hoax you would at least have to wonder why anyone would put so much time and effort into staging it. I believe that wondering is only a short nudge from believing and what I saw at Dachau was beyond even the talents of Disney or George Lucas to contrive. "How can you say there was no potato famine? Why would all the historians say there was one and why would all those Irish people have emigrated to American and wherever else?" "There wasn't really a famine. Yes, the potato crop was smaller than usual but there would have been enough for the Irish if they were only supporting themselves. The problem is that the Irish were supposed to be supplying potatoes for all of England too. When the English arrived to pick up the potatoes, the Irish people told them there weren't enough and they couldn't supply the English and feed themselves. The English then took all of the potatoes and the other crops too and the chickens and goats and children to use as slaves and their daughters and packed everything/everyone off to England." "Okay..." "So that's it. If the English had treated the Irish with respect and left them enough food to eat then there wouldn't have been a famine at all." "Right..." "I don't get it. Everybody studies math and science and nobody studies philosophy. Why is that?" "Because you don't make any money with philosophy. We still live in a bottom-line type society. You make money by using math and science to invent or develop something. You don't make money being nice to people and explaining to other people why they should be nice to each other." "I guess that's true. Do you think that's why there's such an emphasis on math and science?" "I'm probably not a good person to ask. When I was in elementary school, we were all pushed as fast and as hard as we could be to learn math and science so we could defeat the Russians. Math, science, and chess." "Oh, the old Space Race thing." "Yes, and we weren't going to beat the Russians by sitting around coming up with ways to be nice. And Bill Gates didn't get to be a billionaire by thirty-one by being nice either. He made a billion dollars and then he started giving it away. Ethics and respect for other people are fine in personal relationships but I've never heard of anyone using them to get ahead. You can be as kind and respectful as you want in your cardboard box under the bridge." The conversation moved on then to why people don't follow Bill and Ted's advice to "Be excellent to each other" and why nearly forty years after the attempted introduction of the metric system it still isn't dominant in American society. "Umm... because we're Americans and we're still a super-power so we'll use any damned measurement system we like and to hell with what the rest of the world is doing" was my take on the reason. In some ways I hate having those kinds of conversations with younger people. I always feel like I'm letting them down and letting myself down as well. I understand that I'm just presenting to them the facts as I've experienced them. (Do I wish things were different? You bet your sweet bippy! I'd love to buy the world a Coke and keep it company.) More and more frequently unless someone asks me specifically I just let them proceed in ignorance. Yes, someone at some point is going to shake them by the scruff of the neck and tell them it's a dirty old world and most people would sell their mother or one of their children to make a buck or to get a carton of cigarettes. But I no longer think it is my job to do the shaking and I would rather do them the kindness of maintaining their innocence as long as possible. Relapse Sometimes when you're suffering from an addiction it seems as if you're the only one and it's kind of nice to find out you're not. Maybe calling it an addiction is too strong. Maybe " obsession " would be better. " Affection " isn't big enough for the things I'm going to be discussing. It's a good word for a phase you'll grow out of like thinking life will end if you don't end up married to Kevin Spacey , Kevin Kline or Les McKeown .( Alan Rickman isn't on that list because no matter how increasingly shabby he looks as Severus Snape he will always be entrancing in " An Awfully Big Adventure ".) People also don't seem to grow out of their desire to own a lot of Sharpie pens . Once you have the regular thickness in all the different colors you can start on the ones with "fine" on one end and "ultra fine" on the other. Sometimes they make good souvenirs; I once bought four of them at a stationery store at the beach and gave them to appropriate people along with their back-story. (Could we have bought the same ones at the Office Max here in town ? No. They would have been the same color but they wouldn't have traveled three hours in a bag with a Cannon Beach sweatshirt and some salt water taffy and that makes all the difference.) It's hard to set someone on the path to Sharpie love though. You can give someone a Sharpie and they will either squee and their eyes will light up or they will say,"Oh. A marker"and it's hard to tell which ahead of time. Another perennial favorite for unpredictable responses- I thought I had grown out of this one but apparently not- is fonts . Not fountains . Not those things they baptize babies and sometimes larger humans in. The typographic kind you find in books, magazines, and web designers' caches. I have not designed in years therefore I had not come into contact with font collections online therefore I thought the danger was past. Then I read " The Principles of Beautiful Web Design " and there was a chapter on typography and even worse there were links . Now I have three different fonts of various sorts of hearts and a font that looks like stamps and a handwritten font called "Rhiannon" has found its way back onto my computer. Sock yarn , coffee , baseball , books, Sharpie pens, Alan Rickman, jewelry-making supplies , cheese, and now fonts. At least I'm over the guy down the hall. Right? A bit old (and out of shape) to be a home-wrecker Robert Cray did an outstanding song about a couple in the apartment next-door who get into an argument about her being unfaithful. Their disagreement is especially poignant for the narrator because the woman has been unfaithful and it was with him. My situation is a lot less extreme but I want to apologize now to the gentleman who sat beside me yesterday for the long disagreeable night I'm anticipating he had. Especially because the whole incident was completely unintentional. I am not a young person. I have a lot of fun. I usually have a lot of energy. I am wearing an oversized Ichiro T-shirt , rubber flip-flops, jeans that drag the ground, and two rubber bracelets (that support prostate cancer research ) but I don't really look young. I have crow's feet and parentheses and frown lines on my face. More weight than I'd like has moved from my bust to my waist. You get the idea: not young. But even when I was a younger person I never had the problem of girls being upset if I talked to their boyfriends. We were usually talking about cars or sports or Dungeons and Dragons and the girls would give me the once-over and mentally- at least- say "Yeah, right". I haven't expected this to change any time soon. Girls tend to see me as one of the guys and guys tend to see me as one of the guys and that's okay. Whether it makes me one of the guys or not, I love baseball . I don't know when I started to love baseball. I was listening to an audiobook about Spenser and he was reciting the names of the Impossible Dream 1967 Red Sox and they floated to the top layer of my brain like long-forgotten friends. I don't know why my father would have been a Red Sox fan and I would only have been six-years-old when these guys played which makes it very odd I would have the players' names filed away. Clearly baseball has been with me for a long time. (I don't play baseball or softball. My hand-eye coordination sucks and I have either asthma or COPD so at this time I am purely a spectator and commentator.) And if people appear to be spectating with me I will talk to them about baseball. Anyone. And they only have to look like they're the tiniest amount interested in the game. I offer as evidence the fact I once spent twenty minutes explaining to my mother about a ground-rule double. My mother is a) a 70 year old woman, b) only remotely interested in sports and that goes double for baseball, and c) usually doing something else and listening to me purely because I am her offspring. Yesterday evening I attended the Vintage Baseball game held at the Fo rt on the field not too far from the gazebo. They play in the uniforms of and use the rules of the early 1860's. This means no bunting, no sliding, no stealing, no called strikes, no called balls so no walks, and no gloves. Also the ball must be thrown underhand. I arrived at the field with my blanket and my sweatshirt rolled into a ball and was able to find a good seat even though there were a lot of people and the game had already started. I plopped down next to an old man- not being ageist. He was at least seventy-five. Not as elderly-looking as the seeming centenarian who later got hit by a foul ball but still old- who was sitting in one of those very short lawn chairs. I pulled out my BlackBerry, started getting some pictures and trying to understand the rules. I'm not sure if he talked to me first or if I talked to him first. I have feeling it was me and I asked him something like "Do you think those bats are made of hickory ?" My daughter had sent me a link to an article on why baseball bats break and it mentioned that in the early days the bats were made of hickory and since this was supposedly the early days I thought it was a reasonable question. (No, I don't know why I thought he might have an opinion. Maybe because he was an old man and they seem to have an opinion on everything except what they want for their next meal.)He said he thought they might be and we started talking about why bats break and how players like Ichiro who keep their bats in humidity controlled conditions don't break their bats. And then we talked about baseball in general and how the Mariners are doing and whether they will turn out to be the reincarnation of the 1914 Braves and how the Portland Beavers are doing and in between all this talking- which was spread over six innings- we sat in companionable silence that was only broken by exclamations of "Nice hit" or "He batted from the other side of the plate last time. He might want to consider going back to it". The reader can easily gather from this bare-bones recounting of our interaction that nothing untoward was said by either the old man or me. There was nothing, in fact, that could not have been broadcast as "color" during this particular game had there been color announcers at that time or announcers of any kind. I had noticed that every so often the old man would exchange a remark or two with the old woman in the chair ahead of him. A lot of people were exchanging remarks with other people though and the two of them weren't in matching chairs or anything so what happened around the middle of the sixth inning came as a big surprise. (My mother claims it shouldn't have but she wasn't there so it's all supposition on her part.) What happened was that the people directly ahead of me had brought their two children and the kids got increasingly restless and the parents had already bribed them with soda and hot dogs and Cracker Jack and decided finishing the game wasn't worth any further monetary investment. So they left. This was an awesome development for me because I now had an unobstructed view of the field even when I was sitting rather than kneeling. The parents and children leaving wasn't a wholly unexpected event. The unexpected thing was when the old lady called over her shoulder, in the manner of one of the wives on " Last of the Summer Wine ", "Well, now that there's room...I suppose you could come up here and sit beside me." No response from the old man. Presumably he was focusing on the game. "Did you hear me?" The old man's head slowly swiveled from the runner on second trying to decide whether he could make it to third once the ball was struck before the ball bounced. "What did you say?" A bit louder this time- "Now that there's room I suppose you could come up here and sit beside me ." "I suppose I could." "Yes... I suppose you could ." The old man moved up and as soon as he was settled in she left to get a hot dog. By now it was the seventh-inning stretch- no singing, of course, as that portion of the stretch hadn't been inaugurated yet- and I went up to have a better look at some of the bats. Because the old man and I had been discussing them earlier, I said to him as I walked by in search of my own hot dog, "He said his bats are made of white Ash wood and there was no weight limit but there was a circumference limit and the length limit was 42". Can you imagine how tall you'd have to be?" "You'd have to be a basketball player! No limit for weight though?" "No limit on what?" asked the old woman returned from her successful mission. "No limit on weight," he said. "Hmm..." she said. It was very apparent now that I was the third wheel on a tandem although she was displaying as much interest in the whole topic as my mother had in the ground-rule double and I departed on a hot-dog recon of my own. When I came back to the game I sat facing the other side of the field. I hadn't seen the action from over there and I thought it was the better part of valor even though it had never been my intention to cause trouble. But why was there going to be trouble? I had no interest in hooking up with the old man. He was a nice enough old man with some good baseball stories to tell but even if I were looking for a sugar daddy he didn't look like he had the makings of one. And if I were an old woman I can't imagine why I would be jealous of my old man talking to someone like me. No one would consider me trophy wife or girlfriend material. I hope the old man didn't get in trouble. I hope he had a good time watching the game. And I hope this experience doesn't put him off talking to other people. They could learn a lot from him. Even if all they talk about is baseball. Now I've got the pill My doctor looked at me from under her straight-across black bangs, her eyes serious behind her silver wire-framed glasses. "The fact is your cholesterol is sky-high , my friend." "Yeah, well I'm cutting back on the cheese like the nurse said." The doctor's hair swayed as she gave her head a quick shake. "Your cholesterol is so high I can tell there's no way you're going to be able to bring it down with a low-fat diet. I'm going to put you on Zocor ." Ah, the old good news-bad news situation. The good news is since we're not going to try to reduce the cholesterol by cutting the fat I can still enjoy cheese (occasionally). The bad news is- with the exception of the mental anguish caused by contemplating a life without cheese - I was a lot more comfortable with the idea of lowering my LDL by diet and force of will than taking another pill. I am thankful that someone invented this pill and it's going to help prevent atherosclerosis and a possible heart attack . Don't get me wrong about that. But I've been adding more and more pills to my life in the last few years and Zocor like Prozac is going to be something I'm on for the foreseeable future. (In the interest of full-disclosure, when I received my first prescription for Prozac two years ago I was extremely happy. It's goofy, I know, but I am very proud of my identity as a trailing Baby Boomer and in my mind having to take Prozac solidified my membership in that group . A doctor later diagnosed me as having an "attachment disorder" which essentially means I have a hard time accepting that we're all getting older , my child is going to go to college then off to start her own life , my parents are eventually going to die, and even more eventually so will I and the world will just continue on as if none of these events amounted to a hill of beans. Aside from personally finding this line of thought depressing as hell , I think most Baby Boomers have suffered or are now suffering from some form of attachment disorder. Come on... The only way you can unironically say, "Never trust anyone over thirty" is to ignore the fact that someday you'll be there yourself .) Besides- and this is probably the crux of the issue- Zocor is something my pop takes. And he's diabetic . And seriously overweight. And seventy-one. What the hell am I doing having to take the same medication as him? The short answer is it's his fault. Actually it's his parents' fault. Okay, it's probably their parents' fault too. In other words, I'm one of those cholesterol from " apple pie and Grandpa Si " people just like in the commercial. Come to think of it, most of the people on his side of the family suffered from some form of anxiety or depression too. As I look at the state he's in and consider whether his fate might be my own in twenty-five years, it appears having an attachment disorder and- as my mother puts it- railing against the advance of the years might not be a bad idea. The title of this entry is taken from a song by Loretta Lynn . She was filled with unalloyed joy at getting the pill because it was, in fact, The Pill . i'm not lovin' it We've had a bit of a heat wave this week and with that and the price of gas being so high we've all been driving as little as possible. That's why even though my mother wanted fruit and yogurt parfaits from McDonalds she hesitated to text me to ask if I'd stop and get some. I arrived at her house around ten after ten and she made the request in person. I said, "Sure" cuz I don't mind driving when it's hot; I put the windows down and turn the radio up and everything's fine. Our local oldies station is playing their way through their library from A to Z and it's been fun discovering and rediscovering songs. So I absolutely did not mind making a Mickey Ds run. Until I got there. You probably noted the time I arrived at Mom's- even if only subconsciously- and you probably know that McDonalds stops serving breakfast at 10:30. (I don't know why 10:30 is the magic time but it appears to be universal except for Jack In The Box .) So I pulled quickly into the drive-through lane and looked at the clock and it was 10:20 and yes that's damn fast driving but please don't snitch me off. I ordered the six fruit and yogurt parfaits and the Sausage McMuffin with no meat and the iced coffee and since it was now 10:22 I put in my order for the three Filet O' Fish sandwiches. "We don't start serving lunch until 10:30." "Okay." "It's not 10:30 yet so you can't order the sandwiches." "I don't think I'm understanding this right. Are you telling me I can order all the other stuff now but I have to come back through to order the fish sandwiches even though 10:30 is only eight minutes away?" "No lunch until after 10:30." I pulled up to the first window and gave someone the money then I drove to the second window and received six fruit and yogurt parfaits and a Sausage McMuffin with no meat. Then- because I have clearly been beaten down by years of bureaucrats . I parked and sat and enjoyed the moderately pleasant breeze and listened to the radio until...10:35. At which time I got back into the drive-through lane, ordered iced coffee and three Filet O' Fish sandwiches, pulled up to the first window, gave someone my money, pulled up to the second window and waited. I waited sixteen minutes for them to finish cooking some "fresh" fish for me. Are you seeing the irony in this timing? Later my mother said, "You can't blame them; it's how they're trained." I do understand that. I'm not talking about blaming anyone. I also comprehend that there are occupations which call for precision. If someone was say wiring my house I'd want them to pay exacting attention to the codes. Same goes for someone performing surgery on me or someone I love. And, yes, if you start making exceptions for one person then theoretically everyone else will want to order their Filets O' Fish early. That's "theoretically" because I've never seen the world start down the slippery slope to Hades when I've made exceptions and other people do it so seldomly I can't claim to have enough experience to draw a conclusion. It's just like that poem by Charles Bukowski. I enjoy being the girl Many many years ago when computers took up a whole room and John Denver was popular (and alive) and Mt. Saint Helens had yet to erupt, I took computer classes. I studied Basic and Fortran and played Dungeons and Dragons and spent hours working my way through the caves of the Adventure game. In January of this year, I started taking computer classes again. I had already spent over a hundred hours beta-testing interactive fiction a few summers ago. I had spent many happy afternoons singing folk songs. (And even writing some songs of my own). I had not resumed my playing of D&amp;D but otherwise I guess you could say my re-enrolling in computer classes was just the next step in my progression. Most of my classes have a mix of males and females in them. That's different. Ten years ago I took a class in Microsoft Office applications and there was only one male; the rest were women in their fifties and sixties who were only there because their boss made them be and were terribly afraid to shut down the computer for fear the data would disappear as soon as it left the Sorry today's post is late today, I fell asleep on the couch last night while watching TV, and woke up late this morning, too late to do my nails before work. SOOOOO you get after-work nails!! YAYYYYY! Tonight I get to make Guinness Chocolate Cupcakes for St. Pat's Day tomorrow!!! They're delish!! MMMM. I used MAC Blue India, the gorgeous new color from their Liberty of London Collection as a base, with Sally Hansen All the White Stuff sponged on the tips, and then two layers of Essie Funky Limelight sponged over that! :) Thinking I might drink a Guinness while the cupcakes bake- good idea? I think so. The idea for today's manicure came to me a while ago, and I had it written amongst the ideas in my notebook. I think when I originally thought of the idea, I envisioned the cage black, but I think this way works too! :) I used Orly Snowcone as a base, with American Apparel Manila for the yellow birds, and China Glaze Salsa over Sally Hansen All the White Stuff for the red birds. American Apparel Hassid for the legs and the eyes, and China Glaze 2030 from Khrome Collection for the birdcages. Today's nails are simple, bread class wears me out, so I usually don't have much time to paint my nails before I fall into a bread class induced coma. I did, however, get a chance to use my new American Apparel Office polish that I got the other day. This polish, sadly, was less than stellar. The color is amaaaaazing, but it took 3, and probably should've used 4, coats to have full coverage, a far cry from my beloved 1-coat Hassid. Seems like the AA polishes are hit-and-miss pigment-wise. They're all great great great colors, but some are vastly more pigmented than others. Anyway. I used American Apparel Office as a base, with China Glaze Millennium applied with Konad Plate m63. Topped everything off with 2 coats of Seche Vite top coat. Hey all! Today's manicure was inspired by a set of notecards that I found in the $1 section of Target!! I love graphic prints, and one of my favorite color combos is aqua and chocolate brown...soooo... here you go! The inspiration: The nails: I used China Glaze For Audrey as a base, with Nubar Milk Chocolate Creme for the dots and lines. Topped it all off with 2 coats of Seche Vite top coat. (Kinda makes it look like they're wrapped in cellophane, like the notecards!! :-P Hey all!!! Today's mani is inspired by Alfred Hitchcock's 'The Birds'. :-D For the accent nail I did the iconic Hitchcock profile graphic. :-) A better view of the profile: I used American Apparel Cotton as a base on all the bird nails, and American Apparel Hassid for the Hitchcock nail, as well as the birds. I seriously can't get the Hitchcock intro music out of my head. Hey all!! Just a note to let you know that Vincent Longo stuff is on Hautelook today and this weekend. everything is 65% off!!! There are lipsticks, lip pencils, eye shadows, eye liners, colored mascaras, bronzers. lipglosses, etc. CHEAP!! Hautelook Ok, not sure what inspired this, but I thought of it as I was falling asleep last night. I'm glad I remembered this morning when I set out to paint my nails. :-P Just something simple, but recognizable (I hope? :-P) I used American Apparel Hassid as a base, with Pure Ice Wild Thing and Nubar Forest mixed for the heart monitor line. Topped it off with only one coat of Seche Vite top coat, since I was in a hurry! Hey all!! Jumping on the Ruffian-inspired manicure bandwagon. I instantly loved those nails when I saw them, and all the interpretations I've seen lately were lovely and made me want to try my own, with my own twist. I used China Glaze Ruby Pumps as a base, and then freehanded the black with my newest love, American Apparel Hassid, using the brush from the bottle. The black is ONE coat. Seriously. I'm in awe of this polish. I topped it off with 2 coats of Seche Vite top coat.  Kiwi sullo stecco , originally uploaded by Rubber Slippers In Italy . With Michelle Obama's Let's Move campaign to promote a healthier way of nourishing our kids, it almost looks as if McDonald's in Italy has taken a step forward and jumped on the health wagon too. How about kiwi on a stick? Not such a terrible idea right? Individually wrapped kiwi sullo stecco (not the one shown here, that was my idea) will be available from March 9th to May 24th at the cost of 1? each. I already pride myself in eating 5 or more servings of fresh fruit and vegetables each day - the habit sort of stuck after seeing how my inlaws serve a big bowl of fruit after the Sunday meal. All that snow last Wednesday? Pfffffft! Gone in 2 days like some flailing lightweight when the sun blew into town. By Friday it was a definite go for spring hiking conditions anywhere on a south-facing trail, and this is a fairly easy one (ascent of 317 meters) that I suggest if you're not afraid of the woods. I felt as if someone was watching me... All kidding aside, there is, or there should be, an area along the path where carved wooden creatures exist in il Sentiero dello Spirito del Bosco (the path of the spirit of the woods). Well, not that I was expecting an Ent-like entity to walk up and start shaking my hand or anything, but we didn't see friendly tree people and probably walked right past in our quest to reach that steaming bowl of polenta and cheese at the end of the road. I suspect that if we had explored the large picnic area at the first stop/info point, this guy with the owl may have willingly posed for my lens. Photo: www.flickr.com/photos/finny1975 / CC BY-SA 2.0 Getting there The trailhead to Rifugio Terz'Alpe is a short distance from Canzo at the end of via Gaium [B] , but we kept seeing "no entry/parking" signs like these on the way up and thought better to park at the designated areas for visitors [A] . Upon reaching Canzo, look for the "P" on brown street signs to Gajum - ample parking where via Rimembranze and via Gasperi intersect at the cemetary. From there it's only about a 20-minute walk on paved road (uphill of course!) with easy-to-spot GAJUM signs pointing the way. I imagine that this trail is quite popular with families, hikers with dogs, and nature lovers of all ages, thus the need to restrict traffic on weekends when everyone escapes to the mountains to let loose in the woods. To Rifugio Terz'Alpe This can be enjoyed as a loop trail - percorso ad anello - tackling thigh-busting Via Per le Alpi on the left and returning by way of Via San Miro. The path initially zigzags through peaceful forest on sun-dappled stones, arriving at the first rest point/info center (40 minutes) where I missed seeing the wood sculptures. From this point, Rifugio Terze'Alpe is a half hour away on flat terrain. The return on via San Miro takes about 45 minutes. The food There is nothing like a rustic, hearty meal of polenta taragna (corn and buckwheat polenta), pizzoccheri and cheese made on the premises . Add to that a quarter liter of cheap, local wine and you're set for the lazy stroll back home. The total came to 22? for 3 plates - cheap! No credit cards or receipt given (i.e. they don't pay taxes???) the Little Red Man said Snow , originally uploaded by Rubber Slippers In Italy . A little late, but this is the snow that we had anticipated for our bagna cauda feast this past Sunday. I'm not complaining. You can never trust the weatherman these days anyway.. Later in the day... CaTcH Me iF U cAn - VROOOOOSHH!!! I ain't no TURTLE Now while many fans appreciate the presence of Clooney in Italia (the actor is a consummate showman), I have often wondered if he ever learned to pick up the language. Whenever he's on italian news it seems to me that reporters always speak to him in english, and of course the media need only call out his name to snap that news-breaking shot. What, he's been in this country for like 7 years or so? Well, for the first time ever I find George saying more than just ¡°ciao¡±, because at 0:23 he says ¡°Come stai¡± How are you? That's a start. Pulcinella , originally uploaded by latigi / CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 Voi avete chiesto and I found an answer. Carnevale in Italy may be over for this year, but the information I've recently come across is too useful to wait until the next. Ever wondered who were all of those masked characters during carnevale festivities? I think everyone will easily recognize Arlecchino (the Harlequin), but there are many, many disguised personalities who make up the Commedia dell'arte theater of mid-15th century Italy. I had no idea of the total count until my trusted source of italian trivia (that's my husband aka Man-of-the-House or MotH) found a site that details a long list which also includes characters particular to a specific region. The main page is in italian, but if you click on the names at right, there are both italian and english descriptions. Link: SIPARIO Radio Arlecchino And while we're on the topic of masked persons, I strongly suggest this italian grammar website for intermediate students. Learning the passato prossimo (present perfect), passato remoto (past absolute), imperfetto (imperfect) and other verb tenses can be a real pain, but Radio Arlecchino employs an engaging teaching method that involves a few Commedia dell'Arte characters, thus making learning those wretched conjugations fun, if not easier, to grasp. Free pdf transcripts and mp3 audio files are available for download by clicking on the Podcasts link in the navigation bar. They haven't updated since the beginning of December, but what lessons they do have are worth looking into. Photo credit: www.flickr.com/photos/abels / CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 Hot.... bath ....anchovies... butter ...olive oil....and lots and lots of garlic . Yesterday's snow didn't fall in the chestnut forest like it was supposed to, but I'd be interested to know what the odds are that someone, somewhere, decided to chase the chill by jumping right into a bubbling pot of bagna cauda like that above. Not literally, of course, even though it takes a cast iron stomach and nerves of steel to be able to properly enjoy this potent piemontese specialty. Also spelled bagna caoda (BAHN-yah COW-dah), this "bath hot" is a simple country dish that gathers the bestest of friends when the first nip of autumn hits the air. I've been to one such party in Piemonte years ago and it lasted more than 4 hours, stretching well beyond the midnight hour in a daze of drunken garlic breath and laughter. We have never been able to organize a party at ours because we just don't know of anyone in town who loves garlic and anchovy to the point of reeking for a worthy cause. Do you? Bagna Cauda for two, just tell me quando quando quando Because the season for this dish is soon to end. And while I can't say it was Fergie's vocals to get things on a roll, yesterday was as good a time as any to perfume the house. Some cooks will suggest soaking the garlic in milk in order to take away some of the bite, but I prefer to skip this step and tackle bagna cauda head on. The most important thing is to cook the sauce on VERY low heat, even if this means standing at the stove and moving your pot on and off the fire to prevent the garlic from browning. Brown garlic = bitter. Not good. For a party of 2 you will need: ? 6 large cloves garlic, peeled and sliced thin ? 1/4 cup butter ? 4-6 anchovy fillets (I use the ones in oil), chopped ? 3/4 cup extra virgin olive oil ? assorted cooked vegetables: topinambur , cardoon , cauliflower, beets, grilled onions ? assorted fresh vegs/fruits: endive, cherry tomatoes, celery sticks, bell peppers, pears Instructions : Gently melt the butter and add the garlic slices, cooking on a very low flame until softened. Add the anchovies and olive oil. Continue to cook gently until the anchovies fall apart. Remove from heat. If you prefer a smooth sauce, process briefly with a handheld blender. To serve, pour sauce into individual foj¨°t like the ones below, or keep warm in a fondue-style dish in the center of the table. Pile up the vegetable platters and pour the wine. Vegetable platter, cured meats (prosciutto, lardo and speck), and lots of bread. Another reason to love bagna cauda - dipping your food. Forks optional. And for Gemini's like me who just want it all because we can't make up our minds. The table is never complete without affettati and olives. ¡°Mmmmm... beeeeeer¡± , originally uploaded by Rubber Slippers In Italy . Blech! Maybe because I made a wrong move in trying this with gorgonzola-potato focaccia and shichimi togarashi chicken sticks. Or perhaps it's the fault of my diminished senses due to a rotten cold, but this beer tastes just shy (sniffs deeply from an empty bottle) of donkey piss. Mind you, that's saying what I would imagine donkey pee to taste like, but after having enjoyed some terrific brews of all colors and flags, the only thing worth mentioning about Duff is the cute label. MotH said something like ¡°Beck's with a sweet aftertaste¡±. I couldn't even go more than half a glass, it was that bad. Cheap pilsener at an inflated price. Produced in Germany, this is &#252;ber highway robbery no matter what they say. Simpsonophiles, take note: a 6-pack cost us 17? worth of donuts. That's just a little over 23 bucks. Doh! You ask and I answer. And to set the record straight, it is NOT ¡°Ciao il mio nome ¨¨...¡± Chiamare | to call I know I'm not the first to say that a little goes a long way in trying to communicate in a foreign language, but when introducing yourself in italian, it's as simple as 3 words plus your name. Example: Ciao, mi chiamo Rowena (informal) or Salve, mi chiamo Rowena (formal). Literally it translates to Hi, myself I call Rowena , but once you get the hang of the syntax it becomes easier. Of course after you've introduced yourself, you'll want to ask the other person's name. What is your name? Come ti chiami? | KOH-meh tee kee-AH-mee (informal) Literally, How to you/yourself you call? What is your name? Come si chiama? | KOH-meh see kee-AH-mah (formal) This is the polite form used when speaking to strangers or persons of authority. What is his / her / its name? Come si chiama? (Note the example answers given) His name is Peter. Si chiama Pietro. Her name is Mary. Si chiama Maria. Its name is Cousin Itt. Si chiama Cugino Itt. Italian verbs become even more interesting when used as an imperative or urgent request: Call the police! Chiama la polizia! Don't call the police! Non chiamare la polizia! And then it gets downright confusing when the english-to-italian translation requires a different word to express something correctly. For us, call has a broader meaning but in italian, it's necessary to use a new verb/word altogether: ? I will call you back in a few minutes. Ti richiamo tra un paio di minuti. ( richiamare = to call back) ? It's not nice to call a person names . Non ¨¨ carino canzonare le persone. ( canzonare = to tease) ? Call your sisters to dinner! Di' alle tue sorelle di venire a cena! (imperative) Literally, Tell to your sisters to come to dinner. The imperative for dire | DEE-reh (to tell) has a slanted dot above the letter "i". D¨¬ la verita! Tell the truth! That's it for today, I'm calling it quits.  Website: www.livraineysmith.com Etsy: raineysmith.etsy.com , lovecraftian.etsy.com Brief Bio Printmaker Liv Rainey-Smith works with woodblocks to create richly colored prints. Her process incorporates a mixture of traditional and modern tools as well as a blend of European and Japanese printmaking technique. She draws upon history, nature, religion, dream, and vision for inspiration. How did you get started in printmaking? I needed some more "secondary craft" credits as part of my degree requirements. Printmaking caught my eye because it was taught by Brian Shannon and I was curious about the process. Little did I know I'd be lured away from my primary craft (metals) and into the world of print. Describe where you work. I do my sketching anywhere and everywhere, I make sure to take my sketchbook whenever I might have some quiet time. Most of my carving is done in my home office on a small desk. I prefer solitude for carving and need to take periodic stretch breaks, being at home gives me plenty of other small tasks to break up the work and still feel productive. My office is a bit cluttered, with a full bookshelf, CD rack, two computers and desks, a rolling steel rack loaded with supplies, and a tank housing our pet mice. For the actual printing I'm a member of Atelier Meridian . The Atelier offers plenty of work space, several presses to chose from, and good company. What's your favorite printmaking process? Woodblock with oil-based ink. I'm particularly fond of reduction printing, though I've primarily focused on single-color prints this year. I enjoy strong solid colors and thick papers that take embossing. What's your creative process for any given print? (eg. sketch first? Pre-planned or free-form?) My process varies. My thesis, The Four Portlanders of the Apocalypse , was highly planned. I spent months developing the concept, taking photos of locations around Portland, drawing, and testing out the sizes of various elements on photocopiers. The finished designs were transferred to the blocks using carbon paper, and then I carved all four concurrently. My current series, the Iunges , has been much more free-flowing. I start directly on the block, spending time looking at the grain, then sketching the outline of the Iunge. I make a few guidelines as the carving progresses, but for the most part the details are not drawn out first. I've found this technique very liberating since woodblock tends to be a very rigid medium. What do you enjoy most about printmaking? I love being able to make two-dimensional art using three dimensional means. I've always been more comfortable with mediums that require a certain amount of force and control. Metalsmithing was actually the focus of my education and taught me a great deal about precision. Ultimately though, I found the prospect of making the same pieces of jewelry over and over again unappealing. Printmaking has the advantage of allowing the production of editions without the same level of tedium. What's your least favorite part of the process? Cutting paper and mats. It is exacting and not very exciting work. I also have trouble photographing my own work as well as I'd like to, and job that out whenever possible. What are your inspirations (other artists, people, places, events, etc.)? As a child I went through the period of fascination with dinosaurs most kids seem to go through, but then I also got into ancient Egypt, the Aztecs, Hopi and Zuni lore, and natural history. My interest in historical art and cultures has continued on through adulthood, so it can be a bit difficult to pinpoint my influences. Some of my earliest print works are clearly influenced by particular cultures, but as my work has continued the connections have become less apparent. Dream has also been a very large part of my creative life. I remember my dreams from every night, so the often non-sensible scenarios and beings I encounter within them are to me, normal. As important as rational thought is, I believe it is important to maintain a sense of wonder and awe. This will be a sad world indeed if we ever succeed in banishing all of the angels, devils, and bogeys from our minds. How has your work changed and evolved since you started? My first prints as a student were technical exercises. Not terribly creative, but very exciting to me as I could see the door to a new world of art opening up. Technically I see great improvement in my carving, even from the work I did a year ago. Familiarity with the tools and techniques of woodblock has allowed me to start experimenting more. I've been letting go of some of my rigid notions of how things "must" be, and allowed myself to work more freely. How do you get past creative slumps? When my cup of ideas runneth over, I lament my lack of time to pursue each idea fully, and sketch them out for future dry spots. When concept begins to weigh me down, I let myself just have some fun. Not every piece needs to have a deep meaning behind it. When I'm feeling a bit lost, trying out different block sizes has also proved fruitful. I followed up the largest blocks I've ever carved with the smallest I've yet carved. The transition from large to small was a fantastic mental exercise. How do you promote your work? I keep my business card in my wallet and car so I've got it to hand out any time I run into someone interested or interesting. I also apply for juried shows and send show announcements to my alma mater. Art and craft events can be good for creating visibility, and conferences have proven excellent for making professional contacts. I use Etsy, Facebook (via a fanpage and a personal page for friends), and my website. I also have a blog but I've not really set it up yet. I'm not fond of sitting down to write long entries. I much prefer sharing photos with little bites of info. Any other comments or advice for others who want to try making hand-pulled prints? Take a survey class if you can. You never know what technique you might fall in love with until you try it, and a bit of hands-on guidance can make intimidating processes more approachable. Be prepared for some failures, but don't let them stop you. Original Linocut Hand-Colored Bird Block Print - Northern Shoveler by anagrampress Solar Plate Etching - Looking Down III by claudiahershman Original Linoleum Block Print with Watercolor - Cat and Mouse by AnniePod Hand Screenprinted Alphabet Print - E is for Elephant by strawberryluna Monotype - Twilight Moon Rise 1 by gordontalley Original Etching - Turkenlouis by ElizabethMoriarty Original Drypoint Print with Watercolor - School of fish by DeanDymentStudios 10 Color Relief Collograph - Rainbow by VIZArt Linocut Print - Blackboard by sheridesthelion Original Silkscreen Print - Adamant by MadRiverStudio Website: www.norulak.com/printsnat.htm Etsy: printsnat.etsy.com Twitter: twitter.com/printsnat Blog: printsnat.blogspot.com Brief Bio Born in Newark, New Jersey 1949; attended Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, BFA 1971; Currently teach printmaking one night a week at Pittsburgh Center for the Arts and run Norulak Screen Printing in Pittsburgh. How did you get started in printmaking? Studied printmaking in college as a minor, I was a painting major. Describe where you work. I do my etching work at Pittsburgh Center for the Arts where besides teaching, I monitor the Wednesday night access studio. I do my screenprinting work at my shop, usually when the commercial work slows down a bit. What's your favourite printmaking process? Currently I'd have to say etching. What's your creative process for any given print? (eg. sketch first? Pre-planned or free-form?) I use a photo-transfer process for my etchings. Starting with a photo which I've taken, I scan it, and print it out on my laser printer, then using a solvent, transfer the toner from the paper to a zinc plate. The toner acts as a resist when the plate is etched in nitric acid. After the initial etch, traditional etching techniques such as aquatint, scraping and burnishing, etc. are used to complete the image. What do you enjoy most about printmaking? I enjoy the mystery and surprises that come about from the indirectness of the process. Acid does what it will do, and sometimes can't be controlled. However you can change it after it's done its thing and mold it that way you want. What's your least favorite part of the process? An image or a plate that refuses to work its way to completion. Happens sometimes. What are your inspirations (other artists, people, places, events, etc.)? I'm a landscape artist and I'm inspired by my visions of nature, and how we humans have interacted with it, and the effects of time and weather on natural and man-made objects. I've been inspired by the prints of Whistler. He was known as kind of a rebel in his time. He was also the first printmaker to start signing his prints in pencil. How has your work changed and evolved since you started? I like to think it's gotten better. But I think I've evolved from a straight landscape artist to one that's making more of a statement about the natural environment as well. How do you get past creative slumps? I get a bunch of plates and start beveling them. I usually try to have my next 5 to 10 images planned out in advance, so I usually don't have slumps. How do you promote your work? I sell in galleries as well as online. I must admit the social networking phenomena has been helpful in getting the word out. I think teaching helps, also I do a lot of demos and lectures for museums, and art groups as well. Getting into juried shows also helps. Anything to get your work and name visible certainly can't hurt. Any other comments or advice for others who want to try making hand-pulled prints? Try starting with monotypes, which is kind of a hybrid of painting and printmaking, then venture into one of the other processes. Take a class or two to get your feet wet. Some day your prints will come! Original Etching - Light in the Forest by printsnat Linocut Block Print - American Robin by annasee Collagraph Print - Eastern Thoughts by claudiahershman Screenprint - The Lady and The Wolf by strawberryluna Hand-Colored Linocut - Duomo of Florence with two cats by YacsPocket Dry Point and Carborundum Etching - Crow I by bridgetfarmerprints Linoleum Block Print and Watercolor - Liar, Liar by mmcullen Original Screen Print - Walls and Windows by chartwellprint Hand-Carved and Printed Linocut - Rosario Day of the Dead by snowowl Original Linocut - Tree of Endless Branches by bluecicada Etsy: thenaptowner.etsy.com Website: www.jeffphegley.com Blog: thenaptowner.blogspot.com Brief Bio: I grew up in central Indiana and attended college at Ball State University where I received a BFA in Graphic Design and a Masters in Painting. How did you get started in printmaking? I took printmaking courses throughout college and was hooked at the start. I was introduced to German Expressionist prints early in my academic career and I still cannot get enough of the work...absolutely powerful. Describe where you work. I work in my home studio. I like to be surrounded by my tools and be able to work on my artwork at any convenient moment. I print on a Dick Blick press which I love! It is very empowering to own your own press and have the opportunity to print whenever you want! What's your favorite printmaking process? I really enjoy intaglio. There are so many techniques that can be utilized to create the final print. I enjoy charting a course on how I want my prints to look in the final stage and then implementing the steps to make it happen. It can be a very time consuming medium but is very much worth the effort in the end. What's your creative process for any given print? (eg. sketch first? Pre-planned or free-form?) I usually begin by writing down ideas that are inspired by a number of stimuli (books, nature, people watching, tv, radio). I then develop my ideas in sketches to work out compositions and subject matter. I also sketch in pen and ink to practice my mark making which I then transfer to the copper plate. An attractive quality to printmaking is in the creation of multiples, so I like to create series of works to further explore the multiple and cover my ideas from different angles. What do you enjoy most about printmaking? Pulling the first print off the press is very exciting. Even though a plate has been worked over for several hours and you have a pretty good idea of what you may get, there are always surprises revealed once the plate is inked and printed. It is really a magical moment. What's your least favorite part of the process? The process of printing an edition of several impressions can be monotonous and time consuming. I am usually at my wits end after cleaning, inking, wiping and printing five impressions of the same image. At this point I walk away, rest and approach the edition with fresh eyes because focus is needed to create a consistent edition. What are your inspirations (other artists, people, places, events, etc.)? Observation of urban and rural nature, people, video, radio and reading books always provide inspiration. Visiting museums and reading about other artist's work and methods of production is also great for fueling the creative fire. How has your work changed and evolved since you started? The quality of idea forming through observation and more playful execution of techniques has increased over the years which has really elevated my work to a more challenging place for me and hopefully the viewer. How do you get past creative slumps? I recognize them and enjoy them. I try to avoid being frustrated and understand that the well will once again fill up. I find these to be great times to look at other artists work, or just take a break and not think about art-making at all. How do you promote your work? I just recently started selling my work on Etsy! I have a website which features my finished works and a blog that I update with sketches and works in progress. I enter competitions once or twice a year and have gallery shows about once every couple of years. Any other comments or advice for others who want to try making hand-pulled prints? Printmaking can be accomplished with limited means. There are several books out there that illustrate great printmaking techniques that can be accomplished with a few household tools. There is no excuse for not printing! The best thing about prints are the multiples that you can trade for other artist's works! If you could curate a museum show of a printmaker who would you exhibit? I would love to curate a comprehensive exhibition of Goya's prints. The show would include various states of specific prints (if they exist) and original plates, tools and a reproduction of a press that he may have used. Oh yes, and there would be printmaking demonstrations throughout the duration of the exhibition. What printastic museum would you recommend other printmakers to visit? THE REMBRANDT HOUSE MUSEUM They have the MOST comprehensive collection of Rembrandt prints. The house, which Rembrandt owned for many years, has been restored to reflect how Rembrandt lived in it in the 17th century. It is a remarkable experience. The Rembrandt House Museum Jodenbreestraat 4 1011 NK Amsterdam The Netherlands Delicious Chicken by kelokeefe Original Etching - Steampunk Submarine Da Vinci by WhiteRavenArts Tower of Dinosaurs - original etching by Rudolfkurz Charlotte on the Dock Original Collograph with Watercolor by bdelpesco Puzzle Pieces - Original Silkscreen Print by MadRiverStudio Ice Cream Scooper/Original Printmaking Assemblage/Hand Cut Etchings by thehouseofbouton Go Green road bike letterpress cards pack of 6 by snowowl Touch and Go - 9 x 6 relief print by boundstaffpress DANDELION blue, green and black linocut print by inkPod Spring Girl 2 - Original Screen Print by lisastubbs Website: frankpappas.com Etsy: notoriousfcp.etsy.com Flickr: flickr.com/photos/notoriousFCP BRIEF BIO I¡¯ve spent the better part of two decades helping companies develop powerful brands, products, and services. I¡¯ve worked with companies like Marriott, Swissair, Land Rover, the Smithsonian, and Seventeen Magazine, helping to grow market share, increase revenue, and adapt to the ever-changing realities of the digital age. But we all know what they say about "all work and no play..." In my spare time, I explore a variety of creative pursuits, including cooking, writing, photography, and printmaking. For more than three years, I assisted classically-trained chefs in teaching recreational cooking classes at L'academie de Cuisine in Bethesda, MD. I¡¯ve also co-authored a number of books and articles on topics ranging from online pricing and distribution models in the music industry to business use of technology, contemporary American politics, travel, and product development. For th e past few years I¡¯ve worked with artists at Washington's Corcoran College of Art + Design to explore photography, typography and graphic design, printmaking, and drawing. I¡¯ve earned a BA in Political Science and Spanish Language/Literature from the George Washington University and an MA in Communications from Georgetown University. HOW DID YOU GET STARTED IN PRINTMAKING? Almost completely by chance, actually. I¡¯ve worked in advertising for a long time and have been fortunate to work with extremely talented copywriters, designers, producers, and programmers. The bulk of my experience is in creating interactive and print campaigns and products for hospitality, travel, automotive, and consumer products companies in the US and Europe. And while I¡¯ve always been co mfortable collaborating with brand managers and market researchers and account executives, I ¡¯ve often felt that working with my design teams was harder than it needed to be . I¡¯m not sure if this was due to my lack of hands-on design experience, not sharing the same vocabulary, some fundamental gap between left-brain and right-brain personalities. But as the guy ultimately responsible for the quality of our work , I was determined to find a way to improve my interaction with my designers. My approach was to take classes at the Corcoran College of Art + Design, everything from Photoshop and InDesign to drawing, photography, lighting design for interiors, and graphic design. A few years back I replaced a can celed class with screenprinting and was absolutely amazed by the powerful emotional and physical connection I felt in the studio . The physicality of the process, infinite opportunities to follow traditional techniques or to experiment with new approaches, the joy of creating multiples, it all had me hooked right from the start. DESCRIBE WHERE YOU WORK The bulk of my printing happens in the print studio at the Corcoran, which is in the basement of a really old, former public school building in DC. It¡¯s a great space to learn the basics. It¡¯s on the smaller side, so you learn quickly how to work in close quarters with other printers, how to move carefully between printers as you carry your prints to the rack, how to be aware of those moving around you with prints or pots of ink or the random sharp, pointy object. Our equipment is anything but fancy ? wood and aluminum screens clamped to work tables ? no cool vacuum tables or anything like that. And it certainly isn¡¯t new ? our racks and floors and tables and washout room are layered with spots and smears of ink, scratches, rust, dents ? a subtle reminder that there¡¯s history all around us, the collective creativity and sweat and effort of all the students and masters who¡¯ve printed before us. T hat makes the space inspiring , and as cramped and frustrating as it can be , it feel s like home. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE PRINTMAKING PROCESS? Screenprinting, definitely. I studied intaglio many years ago with master printer Scip Barnhart, which was really a great experience. But as much as I enjoyed the process, it's so much slower than screenprinting. And much more dependent on my ability to draw, which is probably one of my least-developed skills . So while I enjoy it, most of my intaglio work would probably be stick figures interacting with other stick figures. Screenprinting, on the other hand, well, that¡¯s a whole different ballgame. My creative process for screenprinting is fueled in so many ways by my photography , through abstract designs or compositions in Photoshop or Illustrator, or more traditionally through non-digital processes. I¡¯m able to envision an d create much more effectively ? and I think at a higher level ? through screenprinting than I would with any other process. WHAT'S YOUR CREATIVE PROCESS FOR ANY GIVEN PRINT? (EG. SKETCH FIRST? PRE-PLANNED OR FREE-FORM?) My best prints - or at least the ones I feel are the most successful - start out from my photographs. I try to travel to interesting places, though recently (thanks, economy!) those places have been much closer to home. P laces like Philadelphia , shooting well-known but very interesting places l ike Eastern State Penitentiary or Smith Island, Maryland, which is home of the many-layered Smith Island Cake . I¡¯ll even drive for hours and hours to places like Centralia, PA, which is what¡¯s left of an entire town destroyed by a coal mine fire. Places with history, with a unique story, with some kind of beauty and meaning. I then pul l everything into Photoshop or Illustrator to experiment with texture, tone, balance, all the little t weaks needed to pull together an exciting composition. Sometimes there¡¯s a lot of manipulation involved, as with my print ¡°El Gran Gallo,¡± where the original photograph is substantially transformed into a graphic print. Other times the digital work is very minimal, as with ¡° Gull , ¡± where Photoshop was used merely to create CMYK separations, the print clearly reflecting its photographic origins. Finally, it's into the studio, where I try to challenge mysel f with each new project, working with new color palettes, techniques that are new and unusual, or sizes or aspect ratios that I haven't worked with before. WHAT DO YOU ENJOY MOST ABOUT PRINTMAKING? The night before I go into the studio I'll spend some time doing a mental walk-through of my battle plan, about everything that needs to be done, about the best timing, order, where things can go wrong. I try to anticipate problems and how to keep them from happening. So by the time I get into the studio, I have a fairly good idea of what needs to happen, when, and how I can act and react if anything funky happens. What I love about printmaking, then, is when I get into the studio and the day unfolds much like I've visualized it. I'm in the zone, everything is breaking my way. My film looks just like I want it, the emulsion isn't too old and is holding the detail of my images nicely. There's plenty of room to work, I'm getting my inks together without much hassle. And when the printing begins, it's almost on automatic, pour, flood, drop, pull, lift, flood, repeat. I spin gingerly on one foot and carry my prints to the rack, the other printers in the studio moving deftly aside as I scoot by. There's a harmony, a synchronicity between us. My head's down, I'm doing good work, the rhythm and pacing are spot on. Can¡¯t get enough of that feeling. WHAT'S YOUR LEAST FAVORITE PART OF THE PROCESS? I hate picking colors for my prints. I am woefully unschooled in color theory, though I do generally know a good color combination when I see one. But my knowledge and skill in this area are very rough, unrefined. I¡¯m certainly not delicate when it comes to color, and often default to bold colors because I just don¡¯t trust myself outside of this comfort zone . I've been aching to take a color theory class for years, but haven¡¯t had any luck so far . Fortunately my instructors Manuel Navarette and Carolyn Hartmann have been extremely gracious in sharing little color theory insights with me , suggesting better combinations or directions for particular projects. But I'd very much l ike to take color theory so I can embrace this part of the process more fully, make it more my own. WHAT ARE YOUR INSPIRATIONS (OTHER ARTISTS, PEOPLE, PLACES, EVENTS, ETC.)? In the last 15 years or so, there are three artists who have really inspired me to embrace artistic pursuits. First is Scip Barnhart , my intaglio instructor , who gave me my first taste of the technical skill and creative processes required to create something meaningful, beautiful, fulfilling. More recently are two New Orleans artists, Matt Rinard and Robert Guthrie . I've been collecting their work for years and have been surrounded at home by their prints and originals and bits of sculpture. Each time I catch a glimpse of their work , some little emotional part of me think s fondly of New Orleans and an overwhelming sense of happiness wash es over me. L et me make it clear that I'm absolutely in no way comparing my work to the awesomeness these guys create, but knowing how happy their art makes me, I thought it would be really, amazingly cool to see if I could find something within m e , some creativity, some passion, that could give a bit of that happiness to others. And it goes without saying that I¡¯d be absolutely nowhere in any of this without the attention, support, and dedication of my instructors Carolyn and Manuel. HOW HAS YOUR WORK CHANGED AND EVOLVED SINCE YOU STARTED? It¡¯s important to understand that when I walked into the studio that very first day, I had absolutely no idea what I was getting into. None. Yeah, I¡¯d had that intaglio experience with Scip years earlier, but wow, such a different process, diff erent tools, different mindset. So I was really starting from scratch. My first year or so was spent focused on the basics, developing the muscle memory of the right way to pull the squeegee across my screen, developing a fluidity of movement in my personal printing process, becoming familiar with the temperament of the inks and acrylic base, how they change based on environmental circumstances, how to coax them into doing what I want them to do with a little bit of airbrush cleaner. My prints in this time were very traditional, straightforward examples, pretty much just ink on paper. But throughout that first year, I did two important things. First, I asked questions, a lot of questions. I¡¯m sure I drove my instructors a little nuts. Second, I searched bookstores and galleries and the internet for more information on screenprinting , but also generally about all types of printmaking. So over the course of that year, I learned, for example, about metallic powders and glass beads and me coflock and the use of adhesives. I learned about very interesting techniques using wax and oil paint to a d d depth and dimension to my prints. I discovered how important it can be to pick the right paper for an edition, because some papers simply won¡¯t accommodate an artist¡¯s vision for a particular project. I also developed a sense of the projects I should (and shouldn¡¯t) be tackling. My dad was an artist, and I thought it would be a neat homage to his work to create a print of one of his paintings. It was hard as hell, to be honest. Not only technically, because perhaps my skills with Photoshop and as a printmaker weren¡¯t quite yet up to that level of reproduction, but also emotionally because I was putting lots of pressure on myself to do justice to the original piece. Add to that some difficulties with new inks that I was using, and a few other hiccups, and we had the recipe for one spectacular, colossal failure. I still think it¡¯s a good idea to challenge yourself, obviously, but perhaps I¡¯d piled on too many expectations, too much pressure. I¡¯ve found that I work better and am much more satisfied when I¡¯m focused on my personal vision for my pieces, with their genesis in my photography or drawing or whatnot, because I only need to be true to myself, my vision, my creativity. In the past few years, all of this learning, experimentation, successes and failures have definitely influenced my work , changed it ? I think ? for the better . As much as I still love the straightforward ink-on-paper approach, I¡¯ve also embraced some less traditional processes. Images that are c on c ealed by 15 or more layers of multi-colored inks, then sanded to carefully reveal parts of the obscured subject. Images printed in clear acrylic base, with acrylic glazes or wax and oil paints used to provide color, depth, dimension. All this experimentation comes at a price, though. If I¡¯d been sticking to simpler projects using more basic skills, I¡¯d have a much broader, deeper portfolio by now. Instead, I have a handful of finished editions that I love, combined with drawers and portfolios full of pieces in various stages of completion: waiting to be sanded, waiting for an epiphany to recover from an experimental misstep, pieces that I¡¯m just not sure how to finish. I¡¯m okay with that trade-off, because it¡¯s my belief that I need to spend a whole bunch of years up front working on technique so that later on I can print larger editions, more complicated editions flawlessly and with (relative) ease. HOW DO YOU GET PAST CREATIVE SLUMPS? Check back with me in a few years, I¡¯m still trying to figure that out! I've definitely hit a few walls so far. One way I¡¯ve attacked t he problem of becoming frustrated with my skills development is by changing instructors. Which is absolutely not a knock on one instructor or another, but I think it's important to learn from different people, to be pushed and encouraged and challenged by people with unique perspectives, paths, approaches. When I get stuck creatively, in terms of what I am going to do next, it¡¯s sometimes good to just be in the studio printing, even if I¡¯m not working on my next masterpiece. Because I have a day job, my studio time is very limited. And I often find myself trying to maximize my productivity by printing complicated pieces, sometimes with funky techniques or levels of detail that maybe , maybe I shouldn¡¯t be embracing quite yet. And when things don't work out exactly as I'd planned, I'm especially hard on myself. So lots of practice, especially with less meaningful subject matter, is key. Get in the studio and just print some squares or squiggles, but aim to make all the right choices: paper, composition, colors, technique, bringing everything together so you print the best darn squiggles you can. HOW DO YOU PROMOTE YOUR WORK? I'm just st arting to figure that out . Like I said, most of my best prints start out as my photographs. "El Gran Gallo" is an interpretation of a picture I made of a rooster at the Great Frederick Fair in Frederick, MD, which lent itself to a particularly cool transformation into a graphic print . But sometimes my photos just need to live as photos. So if you visit my E tsy shop or flickr photostream, you'll see I have photos as well as prints available. My approach so far has been very basic: have a bit of a presence on my personal site , post photos and prints to flickr and to lots of flickr groups , and try selling some pieces on E tsy. It's frustrating, I don't yet have a good sense of where best to promote my work, or how to best price my photos and prints. I don't want to overcharge, but I also don't want to low-ball. After all, camera lenses and studio time don't come cheap. Other printmakers at my studio say they've had good success on eBay, but honestly, a 12% cut of a sale seems a little excessive to me. Maybe that¡¯s penny-wise and pound-foolish , I don¡¯t know . I'm also starting to explore print exchanges and submitting my work to shows, but I don't yet have a sense of the return that will have for me. Right now I¡¯m just throw ing everything against the wall to see what sticks. ANY OTHER COMMENTS OR ADVICE FOR OTHERS WHO WANT TO TRY MAKING HAND-PULLED PRINTS? Trust your gut. Whether it¡¯s screenprinting or intaglio or litho, you¡¯re going to know when you¡¯ve found a process that¡¯s a good fit for you. Struggling is part of the technical and creative learning process, so you shouldn¡¯t use a little difficulty up front as an excuse to give up. But there¡¯s certainly a difference between becoming proficient with a particular process and discovering you have a passion for it. Un Problemo Granda by fattybird Familiarity - original silkscreen print by estasketch Untitled - Original Mezzotint Print by mezzotint Standing Horse Screen Print in Bright Blue by rileynoehren Afternoon - Relief Engraving Print by ericvonzip Dutch Graphic Design - Cirkel 63 - 16 x 20 Screen Printed Art Poster by delaflamant EVERY DAY IS A JOURNEY original linocut by bluecicada Waiting Linocut by loadedhipspress Mrs Silk 1. One thing the world doesn¡¯t know about me is I sing in a band called the Golden West. 2. My biggest achievement is creating a dynamic business with my wife Janabai. 3. One of your most memorable meals is Juliano, Alicia Silverstone and I once made a raw dinner for Pierce Brosnan and his wife Keely at their home in Malibu. That was a unique experience. 4. A perfect day is sunshine and warm weather, a little work, hike with my dogs, eat a good meal with my wife, play a rock-n roll show. 5. Cacao is my favorite superfood. 6. I am reading 'Dream Boogie: The Triumph of Sam Cooke' by Peter Guralnick. 7. The most be beautiful place on earth is Joshua Tree. 8. If I could be any animal, I would be a crow. 9. If I could share a raw dinner with any three people, they would be Jesus, Elvis and Thomas Jefferson. 10. My favorite invention is my recipe for Onion Bread. Chef Matt Amsden, author of RAWvolution: Gourmet Living Cuisine , owns RAWvolution, a gourmet raw living cuisine delivery service in Santa Monica and New York City. Man on the Raw and I first went raw on February 16, 2004, it was a Valentine Day¡¯s gift to ourselves. We went to Barnes and Noble in Aurora, Colorado and were determined to find an eating program we could do together. The first two raw books we bought were David Wolfe¡¯s ¡°Nature¡¯s First Law: The Raw Food Diet¡± and ¡°The Complete Book of Raw Food.¡± I have been blessed to begin my raw food adventure with my husband. No matter how far one or both of us may stray off the raw path, we both know the importance of getting back on track and finding some sort of balance in our lives. I realize that we may be the exception and not the rule. Many people who embrace raw foods do so&nbsp;alone, and in the beginning, it can be a very isolating experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; Friends and family don¡¯t understand the weird new ¡°diet¡± you are on and can¡¯t seem to understand why a slab of cow is bad for your health. It can be hard going it alone. Thank heavens for Raw Food online communities. I have been exploring raw foods for six years and even now I embrace community. I am a member at Give it to Me Raw, Global Juice Feast, Juicefeasting.com, Daily Raw Inspiration and most recently Raw Food Rehab. I observe for the most part, reading the forums, sharing my photos and commenting whenever a topic moves me and I can add something constructive to the conversation. Raw communities are a wonderful place to share your raw triumphs, tribulations and everything in between. I encourage you, if you haven¡¯t already, join community. I am a huge fan of author and owner of RAWvolution and Euphoria Loves Rawvolution , Matt Amsden. On Tuesday he will share his ¡°10 Thoughts¡± and Wednesday his recipes, from the Complete Book of Raw Food Endeavor , make an appearance. On Friday, I review the ebook ¡° Me Raw: You Cooked ,¡± the story of Emma MacDougall¡¯s raw journey and how it affected her relationship with her (then) fianc¨¦e, Rod. The first of its kind, the book focuses raw foodies and their non-raw partners, providing insightful guidance, tips and recipes along the way. Also, one lucky reader will have a chance to win the book. To get the week started here is a brief list of online communities where you can communicate with others interested in the raw food lifestyle. Raw Food Rehab Global Juice Feast Juicefeasting.com Living and Raw Foods Daily Raw Inspiration Give It To Me Raw Gone Raw Raw Food Talk Raw Food Lifestyle VegSource.com Can you think of&nbsp;more opportunities (support groups, rawlucks, etc.) or online sites where raw foodies can converse? Sunchokes, also called Jerusalem artichokes ((They¡¯re not from Jerusalem, and they¡¯re not artichokes.), are the roots of a plant in the sunflower family. Sunchokes look like bulging ginger roots with many stubby outcroppings. The ivory flesh has the consistency of water chestnuts and taste slightly sweet and nutty. Select - Look for firm sun chokes that are evenly beige. They are available all year-round. Store - Refrigerate in a plastic bag for up to 1 week. Once exposed to the air, sunchokes oxidize quickly and discolor.&nbsp; You can soak them in lemon&nbsp;water&nbsp;to avoid discoloration. Preparation - Scrub sunchokes and don't peel them, all the are just below the surface of the skin. These are the sunchokes we pulled out of our garden a week ago. They were planted about 3 years ago, each year we remember we have a crop and we start digging. No need to re-plant every year because there is always a few surviving in the ground and they do a good job at taking root. They are a bit like weeds in that sense. Use Sunchokes as you would jicama, in salads, soups, mashed, dehydrated, the list goes on and one. Creamy Sunchoke and Parsley Soup serves 4 ? cup almonds 1 cup water 2 cups chopped sunchokes (approximately 3 sunchokes) ? lemon, juiced 3 celery sticks, coarsely chopped ? cup chopped red onion 1 clove garlic, minced 1 small bunch curly parsley, coarsely chopped 1 teaspoon cumin 3&nbsp;tablespoons olive oil, plus extra&nbsp;to drizzle red pepper flakes 4 sprigs parsley Combine almonds and water in the blender; process until smooth.&nbsp; Add sunchokes, lemon juice, celery, onion, garlic, small bunch of parsley, cumin and 3 tablespoons olive oil.&nbsp;&nbsp; Continue to blend until smooth and creamy.&nbsp; Transfer to four bowls.&nbsp; &nbsp; Drizzle with extra olive oil and garnish with red pepper flakes and parsley.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; Today was suppose to be an enlighten discussion of sunchokes and how they effect the world's&nbsp;global positioning during the blue moon&nbsp;in July's monsoon&nbsp;season in Buck Grove, Iowa.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was an interesting topic, oh well,&nbsp;what I am posting now is much more important. Here is five things you should know about my son, Bishop. 1.&nbsp; He loves trains. 2.&nbsp; He was 11 pounds, 12 ounces at birth. 3.&nbsp; He loves raw desserts. 4.&nbsp; He is the sweetest boy I know,&nbsp;a gentle giant.&nbsp; 5.&nbsp; Today is Bishop's&nbsp;5th Birthday . Happy Birthday Bishop!!!! Creamy Bell Pepper Soup , by Quintessence Restaurant, p. 97 of the Complete Book of Raw Food.&nbsp; I was surprised how creamy this soup was without nuts.&nbsp; Very smooth and silky.&nbsp; MARCH 13-14 Live Food Certification Workshop with Lynda Carter. $250. Pre-payment required. Northern Virginia, 804-863-0635, email: aliveandraw@aol.com. MARCH 13 Raw Food Coach and Chef, Lisa Simpson, Raw Liberty presents the class ¡°Raw Liberty at the Table Living Harmoniously Raw, 11 a.m.-4 p.m. ¡ê75. Ealing, London, England, 07939 848371, email: lisa@rawliberty.co.uk MARCH 14 FUNdamentals of Gourmet Raw Uncooking, 1-day basic chef training and raw lifestyle seminar. Sliding scale payment, 978-922-0004, organicgardencafe.com/robert/retreatdetails.htm MARCH 14-28 Beginner Raw Vegan Prep Food class with Chef Brian Lucas, 4-6 p.m. Sundays. $200. Los Angeles, CA, to register call Maya Kriheli, 310-919-8867 MARCH 17 &nbsp; Euphoria Loves RAWvolution hosts a St. Paddy's Day One Day Raw Cleanse featuring a fast on supergreen juices, morning till sunset. Break the fast with a green dinner with a choice of deep dish green quiche, Spirulina Noodle Bowl or Super Green Burger with Superfood Soup. 2301 Main St., Santa Monica, CA, 310-392-9501, Euphoria Loves RAWvolution -MARCH 19 W.I.S.H. Women's International Summit for Health, a modern-day online women's circle of wisdom featuring 40 of the world's leading experts in health and wellness. wishsummit.com MARCH 20 Passover Seder raw dinner and class, 1-6 p.m. $95. The Commercial Kitchen of Jackie &amp; Gideon Graff, 1085 Lake Charles Drive, Roswell, GA, 770 992-9218, email rawfoodrevival@att.net, rawfoodrevival.com, order tickets at seder20.eventbrite.com MARCH 27 Spring into Raw, a raw beginner¡¯s class, 10:30 a.m.-5 p.m. ¡ê85 +VAT (¡ê99.88), Denny Lodge Farm House, Cambridge, England, 01223 860 688, email: katie@therawfoodcoach.com, www.therawfoodcoach.com/courses/raw_beginners_class.php MARCH 27 Terilynn Epperson, of the Daily Raw Caf¨¦, hosts the Denver Metro Area Living and Raw Food Cafe March Meetup, 1-3 p.m. Whole Foods Market, 2375 E 1st Ave., Denver, CO, 303-691-0101, www.meetup.com/raw-food-denver/calendar/12829536 MARCH 30-31 The Sprout, An Organic Cafe and Juice Bar, hosts a raw cheeze and "Live" crackers participation class, 11 a.m. March 30, $35 or $68 for two and a Sprouting 101 demo class, 6 p.m. March 31, $15 or $25 for two. 627 Johnnie Dodds Blvd., Mount Pleasant, SC. Register: 849-8554 or e-mail to pleasantsprout.com. MAY 31-JUNE 19 Raw Food Nutrition Science, Health Educator and Raw Culinary Arts Certification. $500. The Commercial Kitchen of Jackie &amp; Gideon Graff, 1085 Lake Charles Drive, Roswell, GA, 770 992-9218, email rawfoodrevival@att.net AUGUST 27-29 The Sixth Annual Vibrant Living Expo, 2010 Vibrant Living Expo and Culinary Showcase. Early registration is $165 before May 31, after May 31 $225, for all three days or $75 per day. The Living Light Center and Town Hall Fort Bragg, CA, www.rawfoodchef.com/events/rawFoodsExpo.html#rising SEPTEMBER 24-26 Raw Spirit International Festival features raw chef demos and tastings, yoga, tai chi, lectures, kids¡¯ programs, organic farmers¡¯ market and more. $110-$150. Granite Dells, near Prescott, Arizona, 928-308-2146, RawSpirit.com ONGOING SUNDAYS: 105 Degrees hosts Sunday Suppers featuring a 3-course menu prepared by a Level II culinary student, 4-7 p.m. $25. 5820 North Classen Boulevard, Suite 1 Oklahoma City, OK, 405-842-1050, 105degreesacademy.com THURSDAYS: Grezzo hosts a Vegetarian Social featuring a raw vegan tasting menu, $25. 25 State St., Newburyport, MA, 978-961-1676, Grezzorestaurant.com HELP WANTED Boston Grezzo seeks an experienced back of the house staff member. A knowledge of raw vegan food preparation is helpful. Please do not send your resume to alissacohen.com or email Grezzo. Apply in person 1-9 p.m. Tuesday-Sunday. 69 Prince St., Boston, MA, 857-362-7288, ask for Sam, Grezzorestaurant.com Living Light Institute seeks Kitchen Angels to help with culinary trainings, March 25-April 16. Tuition for the Angel Program is $20 per day, price includes meals plus two culinary demonstrations or lectures each day, when available. 301-B North Main St., Fort Bragg, CA, for information call&nbsp;Hilloah, 707-964-2420, ext. 20, RawFoodChef.com Newburyport Grezzo needs experienced wait staff and a prep person.&nbsp;&nbsp; Apply in person, 1-9 p.m. Tuesday-Sunday. 25 State St., Newburyport, MA, 978-961-1676, ask for Leah, Grezzorestaurant.com ¡° Raw News You Can Use ¡± runs Thursdays. To list a living food event or class, send your information to thedailyraw@yahoo.com. In the subject line write: " RAW NEWS YOU CAN USE ." Please include event, date, time, contact information (website, telephone, etc.) and anything else you think is important. This past week was a frenzy of dehydrated treats. It started simple enough. Jonathan Weber¡¯s Spicy seed mix (p. 117) transformed from thick, soggy glob to a very crunchy, seasoned snack, in a relatively short amount of time. The spices&nbsp;were on point, Man on the Raw thought the nibbles was just spicy enough without overpowering the taste buds. Beware of&nbsp;John Larsen's&nbsp;Tasty Sea snacks (p. 117). I found a half of cup of Nama Shoyu&nbsp;a bit too generous, causing it to be to salty. Although, Man on the Raw enjoyed the flavor, he suggested I tone&nbsp; down the Nama Shoyu, if I were going to take a batch to an Oscar party I was attending.&nbsp; On a second batch, I decreased&nbsp;the amount of Nama Shoyu to one-fourth of a cup, made them bite-size&nbsp;and was off.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ha, ha happy ending. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This is the point where happy endings&nbsp;turn sour and my mild obsessive tendencies came to surface. The story actually begins on February 19th, when I came across some incredible Raw Zucchini Chips featured on the blog Green and Crunchy . They were beautiful, crispy, crunchy little discs. By far a perfect substitution for Lays or Pringles any day. Life moved forward, as it does so often, and I quickly forgot about the little bits of heaven, at least until I saw Bitt of Raw¡¯s posting of Zucchini Chips and her cute dog eating raw zucchini. Adorable. Zucchini chips were not going away any time soon, thus the seeds of my obsession was firmly planted in my brain. I went to The Complete Book of Raw Food, you know my endeavor and all, searching for a recipe comparable to what I had read on the blogs. I found what I was seeking on page 178, Shazzie ¡¯s recipe for Curly Crisps. On the surface, everything seemed to be moving in the right direction. I had a cool hand-held mandoline, a few small zucchini, a beet and a couple of plump, light green, stubby things called Mexican Squash. Using my cool, hand-held mandoline, I sliced the vegetables into thin rounds, a shy away from being paper thin, but not quite. I choose a variety of basic seasonings, including garlic, onion, wasabi and barbecue powders, nothing too spectacular or out of the ordinary.&nbsp; Well maybe the wasabi, but&nbsp;I digress. My first batch, I placed in the dehydrator for 115 degrees for about 12 hours. The edges of my produce curled, taking on a slight crispiness, but nothing compared to potato chips. The middle of the vegetable discs were something less to be desired. They were soft and pliable, resembling nothing like a chip. I popped them back in the dehydrator for another few hours. Nothing changed, except the size of my zucchini chips, they shrank. This whole process continued over the course of a week. Attempting varying sizes and thinness of different root vegetables, with Teflex sheet, without Teflex sheet, with salt, without salt, with oil, without oil. Good, eatable food was thrown in the compost bucket because they weren't crisp enough. I was relentless, Man on the Raw was impatient with my compulsive, slightly psychotic behavior. But I couldn¡¯t help it. I wanted a crispy, crunchy chip and I was bound and determined to create one. Finally, I received a reprieve. I had a promising batch of zucchini and beet chips on Sunday. They came from the dehydrator after 30 hours at 115 degrees and they were actually a good, crunchy consistency.&nbsp; Success, the girls enjoyed them and I finally had something the Man on the Raw could give his seal of approval on and he wouldn¡¯t have to send me away to a psych ward. That was the case, until the girls ate most of them and the ones that remained were left uncovered and I suppose the moisture from the Colorado air (yeah, right), turned them back to a soft, pliable chip taking on the texture of a mildly waterlogged potato chip. Of course, when Man on the Raw came home after an exhausting evening of work, he wasn¡¯t in the correct frame of mind to believe me when I told him my chips were&nbsp;crispy at one point in their life. He just kind of heaved a sigh and his chin sank to the ground. I bite down on the side of my lip and&nbsp;quickly promised I wouldn¡¯t attempt another batch of vegetable chips until I ended my juice feast and I was able to taste test&nbsp;them myself. Recipes number 56-58 of The Complete Raw Food Endeavor . 1.One thing the world doesn¡¯t know about me is that I have the song Rapper's Delight by the Sugar Hill Gang completely memorized. 2. I am most proud of my family. 3. My biggest achievements have been the natural childbirth of my daughter, completing a 3 month juice feast and publishing a book this year. 4. My most memorable meal was dining at Pure Food &amp; Wine in NYC on my 40th birthday. 5. I am reading Love &amp;&nbsp;War by John and Stasi Eldredge 6. The most beautiful place on earth is looking up from the bottom of an epic waterfall in Yellowstone National Park. 7. If I could be any animal, it would be one of my dogs......they've totally got the life! 8. My hidden talent is&nbsp;to be able to whistle louder than anyone else at a rock concert or sporting event. 9. If I could share a raw dinner with any three people, they would be Jesus, Mother Theresa and Sting. 10. If I were to be remembered for one thing, it would be my passion for loving and helping others. Penni Shelton, of Real Food Tulsa , is the creator and director of Raw Food Rehab and author of " Raw Food Cleanse: Restore Health and Lose Weight by Eating Delicious, All-Natural Foods - Instead of Starving Yourself ." HiHoRosie !!!!!!!!!!!! &nbsp; Congrats, you are the owner of the book&nbsp;"Becoming Raw:&nbsp;The Essential Guide to Raw Vegan Diets." Simply email me the address you want your prize mailed to and I&nbsp;will send it&nbsp;straight&nbsp;away. I want to thank everyone who entered, &nbsp;you had some pretty&nbsp;amazing&nbsp;reasons why you eat raw and I appreciate you sharing them. Here is what HiHoRosie&nbsp;had to say when asked, ¡°Why do you eat raw?¡± " Why do I eat raw? It began with wanting to be healthy and lose weight. While I'm not where I want to be ultimately (I'm nursing so I'm low raw right now), it's become something I actually ENJOY. I love how I feel and love all the creativity that goes into each dish ."  I could not let the day pass without letting all the Blogland residents know that we lost one of our citizens today. The beautiful and wonderful Renee, lost her battle with cancer last night. I know we are all happy that she is no longer in pain. She is dancing with the angels right now, she is free. Renee, was a special woman and she taught us so much. Many in the blogging community are grieving right now. I know she is watching and wanting us to be happy. Sending hugs and love to all who miss her. xoxo My life would not be the same without dogs. At the moment we have two female schnauzers. Our miniature schnauzer Yazou is getting old, but with daily medication for her heart and a bit of our patience during the walks... we can manage alright together. Our standard schnauzer Bella is four years younger and likes to play and run like a puppy. They both are really sweet dogs. But I think every dogowner says so :-)   Anyway, someone sent me an advertisement of Pedigree dogfood. They have filmed dogs in slow motion while catching a small piece of food and that is really beautiful to see, I think. But you better look for yourself! (Sorry that I don't know how to incorporate a link here). http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUCRZzhbHH0 A few weeks ago Bonnie, the more exciteable of the two puppies, charged at me in all her enthusiasm and bashed me in the nose. It bloody hurt. Enough that for the past few weeks I have been taking pain killers and nursing a very sore and tender nose. However, me being me, I thought, "it can't possibly be Bonnie's fault" and so I decided I had sinusitis! Stop laughing at the back .&nbsp; Having never had it before I scoured the Internet for symptoms of which pretty much boiled down to the ones I had. Except today I couldn't stand it any longer and thought it best to see the doctor. So off I trudged, to his little TARDIS in the next village, and let him have a right good look up my hooter. Prodding and pressing, feeling and caressing, asking me about snot and things on my hankie, he confirmed that my sinuses are absolutely fine. "Have you knocked it recently?" he asked. "Oh, well one of my puppies did a bit since," I answered.&nbsp; Some more feeling took place before he gave his final diagnosis. "You've broken your nose," he said. He explained how the bones and bits inside work and everything started making sense. It's slightly swollen but is now on the mend and apparently re-setting itself. And it still bloody hurts! And moving swiftly on, Amy drew out five names from her "see you, Jimmy" hat.&nbsp; I will contact each one of you and ask for your address so that I can send a copy of my childrens book to you.&nbsp; Here is the Vlog we did which shows Amy drawing the names from the hat.&nbsp; If you didn't win a copy but would like to receive one, you can always buy one here .&nbsp; Thank you for all your comments and for taking part in my little competition. What do you say to them when you realise that whatever you do say might not be understood.&nbsp; Or will be, more times than not, a waste of time, and will make you feel worse than you probably do already.&nbsp; Those beautiful malteser eyes stare up at me with huge great tears just bursting with volcanic resemblence, and I am supposed to decide in a split second whether this is an age issue, or one of autistic trait. Last week I lost the plot.&nbsp; I guess sometimes even mums are allowed to have a tantrum, and that was what I did.&nbsp; The door took most of it, but I must have looked like a mad woman; completely crazed by a child's rudeness.&nbsp; I couldn't cry.&nbsp; Tears wouldn't come to the surface even though I was sobbing inside.&nbsp; I knew having a tantrum in front of my autistic daughter was the worst thing I could have done, and I'm still reliving it seven days later, when she tells me how crazy I was.&nbsp; But then the inevitable happened; word from elsewhere that Amy had been telling her friends about our little tete-a-tete.&nbsp; I was wrong to do what I did, I'm usually calm and walk away from a situation where I know I cannot win, but just occasionally, that little wire snaps, and bingo.&nbsp; I'm a gonna. Of course things calmed down within the hour but I spent a few days beating myself up, thinking of new ways to tackle the issues which no doubt surround adolescence.&nbsp; But what's not easy to get a handle on is adolescence vs autism.&nbsp; As yet I do not know exactly what the next twelve months will bring, let alone the next five years of which I am sure will be just as hard for Amy as it will for me.&nbsp; The school are helping, as is the school nurse, but right now, support is very thin on the ground.&nbsp; And that, I am sorry to say, is nothing new. p.s. Book giveaway draw will take place either tomorrow or Wednesday; am trying to persuade reluctant child to help with filming it! Something amazing happened yesterday.&nbsp; I knew at the beginning of the week that I was nearing the end of my novel, the one I have been writing on and off for the past two years.&nbsp; The one in which I have fictionalised my own paranormal experiences, seeing them through Camilla's eyes.&nbsp; I have lived her life, thought her thoughts, created her from my own imagination.&nbsp; I have felt as if I owned her, as if she answered only to me.&nbsp; I have visualised actors playing the parts of characters, Martin Shaw as the Reverand Oakley, Robson Green as Michael all verging on a complete fantasy of which I have seen played out before my eyes. But yesterday I realised that I had reached the light which marked the end of my work in progress.&nbsp; I had said everything that needed to be said, got to the point where stretching out the novel for the sake of length would have been wrong and most likely spoilt the whole effect.&nbsp; And so I closed the file and finished it.&nbsp; I haven't typed the words, "The End" because I am sure there will be much to add, and too much to subtract.&nbsp; I have put my little memory sticks on which the book is saved, into a drawer and locked it.&nbsp; After the lambing I will open that drawer and begin the editing process which I know will be hard, but will mean another step nearer to presenting it for potential publication.&nbsp; I suspect finding a publisher will be the most difficult part, but for now I shall enjoy achieving my goal of writing my paranormal novel. And so, in order to celebrate this achievement, I am giving away three copies of a children's book which I wrote myself and self-published.&nbsp; The book, Adventures at Aaron Loch Farm, is a compilation of children's stories which I wrote a few years ago.&nbsp; It's nothing fancy, but all my own work, including the book cover picture.&nbsp; But I'm proud of it, because it was the first book I had published, albeit by myself.&nbsp; I shall write all commenters names on a separate piece of paper then ask Amy to draw out three at random.&nbsp; I'm more than happy to post anywhere in the world.&nbsp; And if I get lots of comments I shall increase this giveaway to five copies, but if you would rather not receive a copy and you still want to leave a comment, just say, I won't in the least bit be offended.&nbsp; You know me, I love my comments.&nbsp; CJ xx We had one of those unforgettable family afternoons on Sunday.&nbsp; The sky was blue, few clouds scattered in recognisable shapes, a distant micro-glider buzzing above the barley fields.&nbsp; The Farmer was sawing down hedges, keeping himself busy in the Spring sun whilst Amy and I played hide and seek, her idea; mine was to sit down and play a board game.&nbsp; One of Amy's hiding places was behind the greenhouse, made of glass. I had no problem finding her on that occasion. We decided to join the Farmer in the end, walking down the field to be greeted by 4 excited collies, bounding towards us.&nbsp; I couldn't miss the opportunity of taking the camera and the camcorder, so here's a little vlog snippet for you, it's only a minute in length, without my ugly mug, so quite safe to watch. A long time ago, when I lived in the South East, I did some contract work for the Crown Prosecution Service; a very interesting job but one I couldn't have undertaken as a permanent post.&nbsp; I saw many harrowing files, witnessed cases being brought to court, and even sat in on a murder trial to assist one of the law clerks.&nbsp; It was pressure all the way, and even though I was young, married to my first husband with no children, I just wasn't cut out for the responsibility in which the job demanded.&nbsp; Unfortunately, I made few friends and was quite relieved once my contract came to an end, lucky enough to find a permanent job not long after at Rothmans where I did make friends and felt much more at ease.&nbsp; But even though my temporary post at the CPS didn't work out, I have always been interested in law; attending college to get the Institute of Export qualification thus making my job at Rothmans more successful. Now I find myself asking a question; as a defence lawyer, knowing your client is guilty, with strong evidence to prove it, how would you defend them?&nbsp; You have a murderer or the like standing in the witness box, having just sworn on the bible, and refusing to accept responsibility for their actions, yet the lawyer knows otherwise.&nbsp; Does the lawyer get his client off and risk that person being back on the streets to murder again?&nbsp; What is classed as winning a case so far as the defence team are concerned?&nbsp; When I was a little girl I used to love visiting my grandma.&nbsp; She lived in a 3 bedroom 1930's semi on the outskirts of a small town.&nbsp; The house also had a large back garden, seeming much bigger when I was a child.&nbsp; We always used the back door which opened into a little porch, or lean-to as is sometimes known, which went straight into a small kitchen.&nbsp; I remember the units being similar to the ones we used to have in the farm house kitchen before it was renovated.&nbsp; Two doors in the kitchen, one leading into the back room which was used most of the time and the other going into the front room, a large sitting room with a sideboard, gramophone and a few other pieces of furniture of which I can't quite recall.&nbsp; I do remember however, the photographs of which grandma had on display, sitting proudly in their frames on the sideboard. I used to love this room; I would spend most of our visits playing on my own with the brass ornaments grandma had on the fireplace.&nbsp; I often got told not to touch but you know what kids are like.&nbsp; But I was always so proud of the baby photo; I used to stare at it and ask my mum to tell me what I was like as a baby. The reason why I look so chubby was because my parents left me with my auntie for two weeks not long before it was taken.&nbsp; My dad had to go to Germany on business and mum decided to go with him, taking my almost 4 year old brother with them.&nbsp; When they returned they were shocked to see me as I lay in my pram, the only explanation being my auntie had fed me on bananas for the whole duration. Having been passsed the baton by Trish of Mum's Gone To , I now proudly present it to my taggee who can be found here .&nbsp; This is a picture of the person in question, a little clue for you on the photograph. No matter how many times we wish we had the better option, we are always able to make do with what we have.&nbsp; I have learnt over the years that the challenges and obstacles of which I have been faced with have not been bestowed on me because I couldn't cope.&nbsp; We go through many testing times throughout our existence, some of us are faced with more than others, but these are only times which we can deal with, only tests in which we will, eventually, pass. We need people in our lives to help us cope with the days that we wish our parallel universe was a little nearer to reality.&nbsp; It isn't easy sailing through life having nothing to worry about, and that is something most of us will never experience.&nbsp; I worry if I haven't got something to worry about.&nbsp; The responsibilities we take on during the course of our lives are often so great that it isn't uncommon for one to feel we are in it way over our heads, incapable of getting through a day. Life is a precious gift; imagine how incredible it would be if there were two of us.&nbsp; A parallel existence in another universe could be all the things we always wanted to be, it could do everything we planned to do, visit all the places we want to see, have the perfect job, live in a perfect house.&nbsp; Even though this wouldn't be reality, what would you want for your life in a parallel world?&nbsp; Putting aside your contentment in this life, imagining you could choose another You. I had Amy's statement( of special education needs ) review recently. The first one at her new school. I came away with a spring in my step, totally in awe at the incredibly keen interest of which the school have taken towards her welfare. They can't do enough for her, ensuring she gets the maximum enjoyment and educational support she possibly can. I had my report to submit, along with reports from the school and her communications officer. And what I found comforting was the fact that we are all on the same wavelength. Nodding heads and lots of "yes, absolutely"'s and I felt good inside. Amy's growing up, and the school are acknowledging that head on. As you know, she has started doing life skills which comprise of swimming, helping at another school, cookery and soon to be helping at a library and possibly a nursery. The nursery arrangement concerned me a little due to Amy's difficulties in dealing with younger children ( she gets very aggressive towards them ) but the school once more came up trumps and ensured me she would be observed and supervised at all times. The current statement stipulates 26 hours support per week, but the authorities were suggesting that this be reduced to 20 hours as from 1st April. The school are in total disagreement with this plan and are insisting that 26 hours remains, if not to be increased. I was almost jumping up and down with thanks. It's so important that Amy doesn't lose any hours because, as the school agreed, the reason why she has been doing so well at middle school is because she has a good level of support. But it's all about funding. People don't matter anymore; and that's what we need to change.  this is the house of my great-grandparents and the place where my grandmother was born. My family moved already before I was born and for a while nobody lived there. Later my parents spent some weekends with friends over there. my parents in 1967 Then the house was sold, but from time to time we came back together with my grandparents. I remember my grandmother standing in front of the house and telling stories from the past. Although the place changed over the years, she still felt a deep connection, not only to the house and ground, but I think to her family?s past - that?s what she called HOME. Feeling some kind of "unsettledness" inside myself, I lately think a lot about what HOME is. I?d like to know where or what do you call HOME? found these funny vintage hotel bathroom papers from the sixties still rests of snow on the rooftops... and I feel soooo tired these days and so do my 2 cats. One of them is snoring REALLY loud, while I?m typing this flowers found at my studio doorsteps :) Lovely vintage sewing patterns I woke up early today and shot some pics of the snow covered garden, wandered through the house with the camera in one hand and the coffee cup in the other one, taking pics of some corners: this the place where the art of Picasso meets the art of Graca Paz and others - the guest restroom. For a psychedelic dose just take a deep look to the tiles [more effective in real life] Decomyplace the stamps came today and now I?m packing.... I needed some small cards for give away by occasion and also to add to the small packages, where no postcard format fits in. Both sides can be printed in color. I think they are really cute and I like the little card boxes they are coming in. Ordered online here Sometimes my customers are sending me pics from my "babies" in their new homes, this one makes me especially blissful Gr¨¹ffalo, alias Arni Twillson was taken to the carneval party in the kindergarden by 4 year old Henry... I?m still waiting for the rubber stamps to arrive. Hope they are coming today, latest tomorrow. I promise to ship your orders as soon as they are here. Thank you for your patience! found an old cupboard which adds some pastel color to the studio. Like it. Thanks a million for all your rubber stamp preorders! I probably can ship them by the end of next week The special offer is still open until Sunday Love Sabine Finkenauer ?s artwork so much! [found through paperama ] I?m so excited to tell you that I recieved the prototype of the 4-Western-images rubber stamp today. The size of the wooden block is 4 x 4cm (1,57 x 1,57 inches), same as the viking stamp That?s not all, also 4 of my "little Britain" designs were transformed into rubber and mounted on a 4cm wooden block These stamps are nice for decorating postal mail, kids birthday invitations, fabrics, bags, T-shirts or whatever plain surface might come to your mind And here?s my special offer to you: until end of February you can place a pre-order, which gives me the chance to evaluate the demand and at the same time offer you the stamps to a reduced price 4 Western images rubber stamp: 11 EUR - later 12,90 EUR 4 little Britain images rubber stamp: 11 EUR - later 12,90 EUR shipping has to be paid extra. I accept banking transfer and Paypal. The stamps can be ordered through my website . If you?d like to order more than 1 stamp, please use the comment field in the order form. Thank you!!! Here you can already spy 2 more stamps - showing you soon :) studio food - trade with a factory fellow: coffee against asia noodles - good deal :) another Constable, made for my dear friend who went to London Due to Ryans post from yesterday I have some new twitter followers - hi guys! - which pushes me to update my twitter account more regularly - hmpf By the way I opened a facebook account yesterday, tadaaaa vintage wallpaper  A man stumbles up to the only other patron in a bar and asks if he could buy him a drink. "Why of course," comes the reply. The first man then asks: "Where are you from?" "I'm from Ireland," replies the second man. The first man responds: "You don't say. &nbsp;I'm from Ireland too! Let's have another round to Ireland." "Of course," replies the second man. Curious, the first man then asks: "Where in Ireland are you from?" "Dublin," comes the reply. "I can't believe it," says the first man.&nbsp; "I'm from Dublin too! Let's have another drink to Dublin." "Of course," replies the second man. Curiosity again strikes and the first man asks: "What school did you go to?" "Saint Mary's," replies the second man.&nbsp; "I graduated in '62." "This is unbelievable!" the first man says.&nbsp; " I went to Saint Mary's and I graduated in '62, too!" About that time in comes one of the regulars and sits down at the bar.&nbsp; "What's been going on?" he asks the bartender. "Nothing much," replies the bartender. "The O'Malley twins are drunk again." Happy St. Patrick's Day...! And remember, on St. Patrick's Day, everybody's Irish. The human mind is a very strange place, and I can't begin to understand some of the strange things that have happened to me. I am a pragmatic sort of person, and I don't believe in the supernatural, or psychic occurrences, and yet these things keep happening. One day a few years ago I was on an inter-city bus, going to visit my brother who at that time lived in a suburb of Vancouver. As the bus turned a corner a few blocks from his house, I began to feel strange. I had the feeling I was in a speeding car, and I had no control. I began to have a feeling of panic as the car entered a tunnel. My breathing began to quicken and the feeling of panic overwhelmed me. At the next stop, I got off the bus and composed myself, walking for a few minutes and breathing the fresh air. When I got to my brother's place, the feeling had passed and I was completely myself again. My brother offered me a cup of coffee and a snack, and we chatted, and I felt as if nothing had happened. But the strange event stayed with me, and I could not forget it. When I got home a few hours later, I switched on the television to see the news report of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, in a tunnel in Paris. With the time difference between Vancouver and Paris, I determined that the accident had happened at precisely the same moment I had had my strange incident on the bus. I had never felt a connection with Diana, and I wondered why our minds had chosen to connect across the universe at just that moment in time. And then I thought perhaps we are all connected on some level -- with one consciousness. Some of the strange thoughts that pop in and out of our heads may actually be the echoes of other people's thoughts -- a sudden craving for a Crispy Crunch chocolate bar, a piece of music, thoughts of a friend who is just about to phone us, and we pick up the phone knowing who it is. These things happen to us every day, and they remain a mystery to all of us. There's a new series on NBC called "Who Do You Think You Are?" based on the popular BBC series that has been running since 2004. The premise of the show is to trace the family trees of celebrities. I have always been interested in genealogy, and I would love to trace my family tree. My mother always claimed her family was descended from French barons and baronesses, and my father always used to counter with, "Well, that makes up for the fact that my family is descended from Irish horse thieves." I think for both of them, the truth lies somewhere in between. As with all families, if we shake our family trees, we will shake out a few famous people, and a few infamous. Last week's episode featured Sarah Jessica Parker. She was amazed to discover that one of her ancestors was Esther Elwell, her tenth great grandmother, who had been arrested for practicing witchcraft during the Salem Witch trials. Esther, along with two other women, had been accused of performing witchcraft on their neighbor, Mary Fitch, causing her death. However, the date of the deposition, November 8th, 1692, happened after the dissolution of the Court of Oyer and Terminer and her case never went to trial. Esther lived to be 82 years old, and she was the last woman to be accused of witchraft in Salem. How much of our ancestors' DNA do we inherit? I have always felt a very close affinity with Queen Elizabeth the First. When I read about her, and the time in which she lived, I have a very strong feeling of d¨¦j¨¤ vu. It's almost as if I can remember things from that period of history. And she was a redhead, and there are a large number of redheads in our family. As well as our physical attributes, are our ancestors' memories encoded in their DNA and passed on to us? If so, what memories are we passing on to our descendants? When Sarah Jessica Parker was learning about her ancestors lives, she felt an emotional connection with them. Does the silver thread that connects us remain unbroken throughout the generations? Are we the sum of our ancestors' lives and experiences? Perhaps we are more closely connected to these strangers than we realize. Who do you think you are? Don't forget to move your clocks forward tonight. I have been uncharacteristically busy the past couple of days, and I do apologize for not having time to respond, or to visit you. I'll be back soon. Cheers, During the recent health care debates in a certain country just south of us -- which country shall remain nameless -- Canada was used as an example of a country with bad health care. The insurance companies in that country south of us don't want folks to know that not only is health care in Canada some of the best in the world, Canadian residents don't have to mortgage their homes or go bankrupt in order to pay for medical procedures, medications or treatment. I work in the health care system, and I see first-hand how caring the doctors and health care professionals are, and how they will move mountains if necessary to help anyone who needs help. If you think that sounds a bit melodramatic, it's not. I have seen doctors spend hours with patients who have been diagnosed with serious or life-threatening illnesses, making sure the patients get the help they need with medical attention, diagnostic examinations, treatment and even providing outreach workers to help the patients psychologically in addition to their medical help. In British Columbia, a patient can have an x-ray done at a northern outpost, the x-ray can be posted to a grid and read instantly by a radiologist in Vancouver. The same applies to other laboratory and diagnostic tests. And if treatment is required, the patient receives it immediately. There is a province-wide computer network of all patients' medications, so no patient can "doctor shop" for duplications of medications, or inadvertently take medications that have adverse effects on each other. In other words, we have actually progressed from leeches and blood-letting. So, I was quite pleased to read the following article in today's Vancouver Sun newspaper: (Vancouver ? March 10) Research published today in the New England Journal of Medicine sheds new light on which Hodgkin lymphoma patients are likely to relapse after receiving treatment. BC Cancer Agency researchers have discovered that the number of macrophages ? a type of white blood cell that normally scavenges foreign material ? found in a patient¡¯s tumour had a strong correlation to treatment outcome. The greater the number of macrophages; the greater the likelihood of a relapse. Hodgkin lymphoma is a cancer of lymphocytes which typically affects young adults, but can occur at any age. It is a highly treatable form of cancer, with about 75 to 85 percent of patients cured with initial treatment. However, if the first therapy fails, secondary treatment usually includes a bone marrow transplant, which is only successful for about one-half of these cases. ¡°The study demonstrates that high numbers of macrophages are associated with treatment resistance in Hodgkin lymphoma suggesting a way to identify the 25 percent of patients who currently don¡¯t respond well,¡± says Dr. Joseph Connors, one of the study researchers and clinical director of the BC Cancer Agency¡¯s Centre for Lymphoid Cancer. The research was conducted with funding from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research with additional funding from BC Cancer Agency Centre for Lymphoid Cancer, the Michael Smith Foundation for Health Research, the Lymphoma Research Foundation, and the Cancer Research Society of Canada. In a perfect world, no one would ever get sick, but unfortunately that's not the case. As I have said many times before, I am puzzled as to why a wealthy country like that big country to the south of us has such spotty health care -- two different systems for the haves and the have-nots. We love our cousins to the south; they're Canada's best friends, and we hope they get their health care problem fixed, and we hope they get it right. Whatever works for them is definitely the best solution. And what works in Canada may not work for them, but perhaps we here in the backwoods Canada may have something to show them, if they'll let us. Cheers, Do you ever have completely insane dreams, and you wake up the next morning and think ... "What the h-ll...?" I have been doing that a lot lately. The other night I dreamt I was in a tsunami. It's sort of a recurring dream, because I was once actually in a tsunami and it was very frightening. Last night I dreamt I was walking along the banks of the Somass River in Port Alberni, and I was with David Duchovny. We were on a high cliff, and I was showing him how crystal clear the water was. He leaned over a little too far, and I said "Careful, don't fall in..." and just at that moment he fell head first over the cliff and into the water. There was a group of people picnicking on the shore, and I hollered at them "Call 911! Call 911!" And then I woke up. David Duchovny...!? David Duchovny doesn't cross my mind from one year to the next -- I have never even watched "The X Files" and it was filmed here in Vancouver -- how did he get into my dream? And why were we walking along the banks of the Somass River? I also dreamt last night that I was caught in a huge blizzard. I had gone shopping for groceries, and while I was in the store, snow had started falling. As I went outside, the wind was howling and the snow was knee deep. I remember trudging across the road thinking, "Why didn't I wear my boots?" Where do we go when we dream? The scientific explanation for dreams is that the synapses in our brains are processing things that have occurred during the day. In his book "The Interpretation of Dreams" , Sigmund Freud once called our dreams, "The royal road to the unconscious." He also said, "... every dream will reveal itself as a psychological structure, full of significance, and one which may be assigned to a specific place in the psychic activities of the waking state." I do believe there is a scientific reason for our dreams. But why for goodness sake was I dreaming about David Duchovny? The truth is out there... Yesterday I had the opportunity to see the movie "Precious", and apart from being the most disturbing movie I have ever seen, it also opened a window to a world I did not know even existed. In fact, the movie was so disturbing, I had to turn it off a few times before I could continue watching it. And please note, if you decide to watch it, make sure any family members under the age of 18 are out of the house. I don't think anyone should be subject to that sort of language or visual content until they are mature enough not be traumatized. I'm only slightly younger than Methuselah, and it traumatized me. I had definite mixed feelings about the film, and about Gabourey Sidibe's performance. She was perfectly cast in the role, but it was obvious she had not had much acting experience. In most of her scenes, I had difficulty hearing what she was saying. She seemed to do what most new actors do -- she spoke a little too quickly and she mumbled. Only in her voice-overs was I able to clearly hear her. I wanted to love her performance, but I didn't. I loved her character, though, and Precious is a true hero overcoming almost insurmountable odds. The film was produced by Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry, and directed by Lee Daniels. A reviewer by the name of Armond White who writes for the New York Press had this to say: "Winfrey, Perry and Daniels make an unholy triumvirate. They come together at some intersection of race exploitation and opportunism." Another reviewer called the movie "Social pornography at its worst, festering in racial self-loathing and oblivious to a system that ignores its neediest." I felt that way too, but I think the movie touched a chord with Oprah because it must have felt slightly autobiographical for her. Mariah Carey was amazing as Precious's social worker, and she stole every scene she was in. The nuances of emotions that ran across her face and through her eyes was wonderful. Who knew Mariah Carey was such a good actress. Did she know she was such a good actress? Do we see an Oscar in her future? Well, I hope we see more roles with Mariah Carey. And of course Mo'Nique's performance was in a whole other stratosphere. She should have won the Academy Award for Best Actress. I didn't like the movie "Precious" , but then, I didn't like "The Hurt Locker" either and it won Best Picture. Maybe I need to put my rose colored glasses back on. Too often I am able to see exploitation and propaganda where other people are not. My emotions are not easily manipulated, and it kind of ruins the fun. As one reviewer said about the movie "Precious" , "There is a thin line between compassion and voyeurism; soul-searing drama and overwrought melodrama; opera and Oprah. This film tramples all over it." I'm afraid I agree... I wanted to like this movie, but I didn't care for it. I work with several Iraqi and Iranian doctors, as well as doctors from Saudia Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. They enjoy telling me stories of growing up in their countries, what their family lives were like and what is was like going to school in their home countries. Talking with them has been a real education for me so, I thought perhaps I would share some of what I have learned with folks who perhaps don't know a great deal about those mysterious places in the Middle East. Before I go any further, let me say this is not about politics, so please don't misunderstand me. I don't completely comprehend the complex politics of the Middle East, and for the purposes of this post, they are not relevant. Until 1920, the country of Iraq did not exist. It was created out of the spoils of the First World War. The Ottoman Empire was carved up and France was given mandate over Syria and Lebanon, while Great Britain was given mandate over Jordan, Palestine and Iraq, of which Baghdad is the largest city. The roots of Baghdad go back to 1200 years B.C., but in the 8th Century A.D., it became an important centre of commerce and education. One university, Bayt al-Hikmah, attracted scholars from all over the world, where students translated Greek manuscripts, preserving them for all time. It was home to great philosophers, scientists, astronomers, mathematicians, doctors, lawyers, engineers, artists, scientists and religious leaders. They studied the works of Aristotle, Plato and Hippocrates. While Europe was still in the Dark Ages, Baghdad was the centre of a rich, intellectual civilization. Today the museums in Baghdad house thousands of priceless ancient artifacts, but the museums have been closed to the public since the invasion in 2003 in order to protect the treasures. Baghdad is built on the banks of the Tigris River -- one of the four rivers from the Garden of Eden -- and it has a population of approximately 7,000,000, almost the size of New York City. Baghdad has existed through dozens of sieges over the centuries, and it will survive the current one as well. Iraq is a country with a very different culture from ours. We in North America do not fully understand it, nor are we expected to understand it. The doctors with whom I work tell me of their religious traditions, their family traditions and their cultural traditions. Their customs seem so foreign to me, as my customs are foreign to them. They bring to the office wonderful things to eat -- kebbabs, bamia, falafel, dolma, and delicious pastries made with phyllo dough, pistachio nuts and honey. There are special dishes for special feasts, and some of the recipes go back 10,000 years. I find the Iraqis to be very warm, generous people and they love to hug. All I can think is how unfortunate it is when we all have so much to share, that we should spend so much time in unecessary hostilities. We here in North America can be somewhat na?ve at times, and often we don't know as much about the rest of the world and the people who inhabit it as we think we do.  Dear Readers: I am busily working on my first non-fiction book, Yoga Drunk . As such the frequency of posts here will likely suffer. Currently I am in the US teaching and leading workshops. In October I travel to Austria and then to India where I will remain for six months as I complete the book. I thank you for your continued support and interest and promise to update this site as I am able and as my adventures warrant. If you need a fix, you can always follow me on Twitter (RachelRoberts). Until... be well, be wise and be joyful! - Rachel Rachel Roberts featured in Travel &amp; Leisure article Read the Beetle Bedlam article on The Accidental Extremist Check out the new site at www.thisendupyoga.com 0 false 18 pt 18 pt 0 0 false false false /- Style Definitions -/ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:12.0pt; font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-ascii-font-family:Cambria; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Cambria; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} Croatia was never on my list of places to go. I simply knew nothing about it, so I did not know to hope to come. I can therefore say that I am here only because yoga brought me here and for that, among a million other things, I give immense gratitude for this practice. To say this place is pretty does not begin to scratch the surface. Hvar is surrounded by the kind of blue waters that you think only Photoshop or Koolaid mix can create. The stone beaches are like bleacher seating for the beautifully tanned and Speedo-clad bodies that lie on them all day, every day. And everything smells like lavender. Hvar is famous for it¡¯s lavender products and they are sold everywhere resulting in the lingering scent that is strong enough to even win out over the sea of cigarette smoking tanners. This town is apparently THE place to be for the month of August and with no planning on my part I find myself in the heart of Europe¡¯s biggest summer beach party. Every night here is a cacophony of motor yachts humming, techno music blaring, wine glasses clinking, and street performers singing love-lorne ballads in Italian, French, Croatian or English. Part of the real beauty here is that there are islands everywhere. The vistas are dotted with tiny rocky outcrops, just big enough for a channel marker, up to large, mountainous landmasses shaped like a young child would draw a plump-petalled flower, the spaces in between the petals each, in fact, a secluded bay with safe anchorages and heavenly bath water swimming holes. The island of Hvar is the biggest one around and I wanted to do some exploring, so a few days ago I rented a car. Because it is prime season here, I was limited to only one option for a car. A first generation VW Beetle, painted in sparkly purple and adorned with gold flames and a lions head. Seriously, this was my rental. Now of course I acknowledge that this car was three decades past its prime. Anti-lock brakes, power steering, a radio, these were of course luxuries I could not expect to have but there was more missing from the standard line-up of generally expected auto accessories. Upon being given the keys I was warned by the rental guy that I should probably go straight to the gas station as ¡°the fuel gauge doesn¡¯t work so who could know how much petrol is in the tank.¡± While approaching the gas station I figured out that braking was not a given either. Thankfully, it was a manual and I know how to downshift, so no huge problem, however it should be noted that to engage the clutch it was helpful if you could regularly leg press 100kilos. Also, no seat belt (not a huge problem since the human Velcro effect of sweaty skin on pleather made me feel secure in my oneness with this vehicle), no roof, no way to adjust the position of the seat, which was way too close to the rally-car after-market pedals and steering wheel, and most problematically it would turn outÿ no lights. At the petrol station I had a momentary hesitation where I realized that this car, (and I use that term loosely) was perhaps not going to make for a fun day and that if I were wise, I would return it and reserve a real, (manufactured in this century) car for another day. Of course I put this absurd thought out of my head and headed off for points unknown. First stop Stari Grad or translated ? Old Town, a well-earned name as the place was founded way back in 385 BC. Here I strolled around snapping photos of various architectural features and stopping for a perfect breakfast. I am a big fan of breakfast, in fact it is my favorite meal of the day. Back when I had a ¡®normal¡¯ life, going out with friends for a leisurely weekend breakfast was something I truly looked forward to every week. As I travel, breakfast is often my longest and largest meal of the day. So I fancy myself a bit of an expert on this building block of nutrition. In Stari Grad I had a plate of perfectly fried eggs, topped with homemade cheese and local sea salt, served with a fresh from the oven baguette and the ripest tomatoes I may have ever eaten. This breakfast masterpiece was accompanied by a perfectly crafted cappuccino and it was by far the best meal I have had here. I figured I was off to a great start and that my day would thus be assured fabulousness. There are a couple other towns near Stari Grad that I had already visited so I decided to pass them by to get into new territory on the island. The lack of braking capacity on the VW started to concern me as the road left the oceanside and started inclining rapidly. As I wound round and round and up and up I started getting a tad nervous about my return trip as this was the only road available for both the outgoing and incoming journey. Here is where my FOMS kicked in. FOMS (Fear Of Missing Something) is a term coined by my friend Bob Daniels of Durango, Colorado and it aptly describes my normal state of propulsion. So as the same little voice in my head that had though perhaps I should return this grape colored lemon of a car was saying to me ? Um Rachÿ Do you really want to descend this mountain in second gear, relying on what little remains of this things transmission to slow your plummet to the sea? I kept crawling higher and higher, afraid I could be missing something amazing up ahead. Finally, at a vista point I saw my future, more up and therefore more steep downs to come. I gave in to better judgment and turned around. I did stay in second gear the whole time and by about the 20th switchback I figured out that the bailing wire and duct-taped lever dangling below the steering wheel was in fact the horn, which added an air of safety to my entering the blind corners. Back at sea level I decided to head west instead of south. West was less mountainous looking so it seemed a safer bet. A few kilometers in and the western road started climbing as well but soon enough I got to a tunnel, which thankfully went through, rather than over the mountains. As it turns out this tunnel was carved by a crack-pot force of, I am guessing, sugar-high Oompah Loompas. I say this because the tunnel was very short and narrow, it wound up and down as well as side to side and it was pitch black. Like, can¡¯t see your hand in front of your face, ink black. The tunnel is a one-way affair so cars queue up and wait for the entrance light to turn green gaining them entry into this very long and winding roadway. About 100 feet into the tunnel and I realized I should turn on my lights, as I fumbled with dials and levers the cars in front of me sped away leaving me with no way to see what was ahead of me, or for that matter next to me above or below me. No matter the combination of switches, levers or buttons I pressed no lights came on, not so much as a blinker. I navigated that tunnel solely on sonar and the very infrequent flickering of headlights from the SUV barreling down on me. If I could have found my purse and used my iPhone flashlight app I would have ? this would have been a miracle. The 60 seconds or so that it took me to navigate that ink black birth canal of engineering mediocrity were among the most terrifying of my life. When I emerged on the other side I parked the car and got out to verify that I was still alive and that this hadn¡¯t been some rabbit hole into oblivion for me. The worst part of course, was that I would have to go back through the tunnel because again, there was only one road. This is when the novelty of the aubergine-colored bedazzled bug fully wore off. I was spent, fried, frazzled and seriously considering abandoning this thing right there at the mouth of the tunnel. I managed to pull it together enough to drive down into the next town, where again I got out to test the steadiness of my legs and to try every McGuiver trick in the book to get a light on this car to work. Finally, I figured out that if I pulled out all the buttons and simultaneously pulled the windshield wiper lever forwards and down the driving lights would work, this was confirmed by a kindly gentleman in a brand new Audi who upon confirming that I had about a 30 watt bulb to get me through the tunnel, wisely sped off to avoid the likely coming fiery crash. This is how I made my return passage, one shaky hand on the wheel and the other white-knuckled onto the lever and my dying flashlights of headlights blazing about a two foot path in front of me. When I got back on the safe side of that pit of despair I said aloud to myself ¡®I need a drink¡¯. Now this is a phrase I try to avoid using. My alcohol consumption has a long-history of binge and purge periods, a fact that at times makes me think I should reevaluate my relationship with fermented spirits. So if the word need enters into an alcohol-related conversation, especially a one-participant conversation such as this one, I see this as cause for reflection. However, in this instance, I approve 100% of the usage of this phrase and I affirm that I really did NEED a drink. Sadly, or maybe not, there was no place around to get one so I just kept driving. I abandoned my silly idea of exploring new parts of the island and went promptly to Vrboska. I had visited this amazingly charming town a few days before via the tourist bus, a safe, reliable transportation option that it irks me to say, cost me $88 less in cash, and one less of my nine lives, than the beguiling Beetle. When I had visited before it was a short trip of just about two hours and it had been limited to the city center. I took the opportunity to drive a flat road for a bit and ventured off to the beach. Now¡¯s a good time to point out that here on Hvar clothing seems to be very optional. Stores here that sell bathing suits have an over-abundance of tops and a serious shortage of bottoms, since everyone knows tops are an unnecessary accessory. Often it seems bottoms are over-kill as well. I mention this because when I found the beach it was located alongside a campground named, Kamp Nudist. You know I had to check this out. I mean if pretty much every other person is already naked, what on earth could camp nudist have to offer? The answer of courseÿ naked activities. Naked windsurfing, speedboat rentals, vollyball, snorkeling, and bicycling. I will refrain from further comment on this delightful little quick-dry oasis, but I will make one generalization. This was the most cumulatively attractive and well-groomed group of people I have ever seen. After a few hours of de-stressing oceanside I opted to drive back to Hvar for the night giving myself plenty of daylight for the journey. I returned the car and told the rental shop proprietor of my concerns for the safety of others should he continue to rent this sparkly plum deathtrap. He took the keys, smiled from behind his twenty-something year-old eyes and simply said ¡°lady, it¡¯s like 35 years oldÿ what can you expect.¡± I chose to let this last comment slide right by me, after all I am 36. Update: Check out the new This End Up Yoga site at www.thisendupyoga.com My teachers Sandra and Marco sent me an email a few months ago asking if I wanted to Shantisit (watch their cocker spaniel Shanti) for the month of August. I said yes before I really knew any of the details. Free rent and the lure of the Croatian coastline seemed all the incentive I needed. This has turned out to be another one of those times, where through no planning on my part I have ended up at the perfect place at the perfect time. Shanti spends his summers on the stunningly beautiful island of Hvar on the Dalmatian coast and so it is here that we are spending our days tanning, swimming, writing and napping. Hvar is a medieval city, a fort looms above and fortress wall still surround the main part of town. All of the old world charm is still here, cobblestone streets, narrow alleyways, gated entrances, but mixed with the ancient is the new, or more specifically the Nuevo Riche. Hvar is a playground for super yachts and the Louis Vuitton beach bag-toting crowd. Everyone here is beautiful and beautifully clothed, assuming they are wearing clothes. I am surrounded by six foot-tall supermodel types and naked overly groomed men. There is definite agenda each day you are on Hvar. It begins around noon when everyone hits the beach. They all seem to be entered into some kind of competitive tan-off and try as I might, my Arian roots are betraying me. I cannot hang with the naturally olive-skinned crowd when it comes to tanning. Clothing is very optional and tan lines are almost non-existent. Late afternoon the crowds gravitate towards one of the beach-side discos for the first party of the day. From four until sunset the symphony of 80¡¯s and 90¡¯s techno pop is deafening. The Hvar vacationers are prepared for the transition from beach to dance club and they don bedazzled crepe cover ups and produce the latest shoe fashions, 4¡± heels or gladiator sandals, from their beach bags for the occasion. The transformation is mesmerizing and could give any Broadway quick-change artist a run for their money. From sunset until 11pm I must assume that people nap and primp, because no one goes out to dinner before 10:30. Cocktail hour begins around midnight and the dance club built in the ruins of an old fortification opens around 2am. Again, I cannot hang. I feel old when I try to meet up with some of the other yoga instructors for dinner and drinks. They take pity on the grandma of the group and opt for the Hvar equivalent of the early-bird special, eating at ten. We begin cocktail hour at 11 and by 12:30 I have turned into a pumpkin sneaking away to the flat and a warm bed complete with my handsome cocker spaniel date. Even though I can¡¯t keep the late night hours I have started sleeping in later and later. For most of my trip, regardless of time zone I woke up with the sun. Here, I often sleep until nine. I wake up, take Shanti for a walk, usually down to the water for a morning swim. Then I take advantage of having a kitchen at my disposal and make myself breakfast. My afternoons are filled with tanning, exploring and writing. I have dedicated this month to writing a book proposal and so far I have been diligent, motivated and borderline obsessive in this endeavor. My teachers have a yoga space here and most nights I go to it, sometimes to lead a class but most often to take one led by their new crop of yoga teaching trainees. Getting to live and practice in their space, their energy is inspiring for me and I am loving the time on my mat. When I left France I made a statement that I would get to Croatia and get back to clean living, no cheese, no wine, no more bottomless espressos, back to my ¡®normal¡¯ asana and meditation routine, etc. No such luck. Because I never bothered to research where I was spending August, I didn¡¯t realize that I am on an island famous for its wine production and in a country whose national foods seem to mirror those of Italy and France: pasta, pizza, baguettes, formagio, gellato. And my beloved Italian-born teacher Marco of course has an Espresso machine in the flat, which I am powerless to walk past without firing up. Never one to go against local customs I have been eating pizza most days and making nightly stops at the local wine bars. I am an international ambassador for good, if not necessarily the yogi ideal. Hvar is a cultural haven as well as a hedonistic one. There are frequent outdoor concerts held in the sacristy of an ancient convent, I attended my first Sunday night, a jazz quintet. The Piazza is filled with musicians each night and local artisans set up kiosks featuring their paintings, hand made lace and lavender creations. All in all it really is pretty much heaven. The town is dripping with European charm and entertaining locals, the water marvels the most beautiful blues I have ever seen and there are no bugs. I repeatÿ no bugs. In the ten days I have been here I have suffered not a single mosquito bite. I may never leave. 0 false 18 pt 18 pt 0 0 false false false /- Style Definitions -/ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:10.0pt; font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-ascii-font-family:Cambria; mso-hansi-font-family:Cambria;} A student from the last retreat I did in Bali offered us her Paris flat for the week. Martina¡¯s beautiful home was the most amazing gift! To have an apartment in the city, complete with kitchen, lift and satellite feed of Le Tour, was beyond anything we could have asked for. From Martina¡¯s flat we set out daily to explore Paris¡¯ sights and gastronomical delights. Kristin only had one full day in the city before her return flight to Denver. On that day we must have covered ten miles of landmarks, the Lovre, Notre Dame, Sangre de Criste, Eiffel Tower, the Champs, on and on. The next morning at an ungodly early hour I hugged my dear friend goodbye, put her in a cab and went promptly back to bed. Two hours later I got a text. - U won¡¯t believe this. Don¡¯t have a seat on the flight ? Expedia f-ed up. Next is not until Fri, so might as well stay 2 Sun. B back in 30.¡± Well as Kristin¡¯s wise uncle once told us ¡°when life gives you lemonsÿ throw them out and buy a bottle of champagne.¡± So we did. The next day we hired a car and headed off for the Champagne region. The car was not available until 2pm, but no worry our first stop was to be a small town with Champagne in its name, just a short two-hour drive from the city, so we would be toasting by 4:30 at the latest. We arrived only to find no champagne, no grapes, no bottles, nada, only yet another cathedral which we obligingly explored. After about an hour we found our way to the tourist info office and learned that we needed to go 40 minutes back the way we had come to a town called Epernay, the home of Avenue de Champagne. When we arrived on Champagne Avenue it was already close to 7pm and all the Champagne houses were closed. Signs announcing Moet and Dom Perignon mocked us from above sealed doors. The only open bar we could find boasted Heineken umbrellas and dozens of beers on tap. Parched we found a wine store and bought a split to wet our whistles. We walked into the center of town and popped the cork. I went to lift the bottle to my lips when I spied a man staring at me with a look of absolute horror. He came over and told us that it was unacceptable to drink like this and told us to stay put for a moment. Unsure if I was about to be arrested for public consumption I waited. Henri returned with two champagne glasses from his flat. He gave them to us to keep as a souvenir and made us promise to never again defile his country¡¯s nectar of the gods in such a hedonistic manner. We promised. The ensuing hours we my absolute favorite in France. Our car plodded on back to Paris and along the way we visited a local winemaker's house bought three bottles and kept going. At the most beautiful part of the evening we stopped at a solitary church and cemetery where we took hundreds of soft-lighted photos of ancient headstones backed by vineyards of champagne grapes. The past and the future intrinsically entertained. Those who originally planted the vines, now resting among them for eternity. It was a truly amazing day and one I will not soon forget. Over the course of the next few days we visited Versaille, the Grande Palace, the Petit Palace, more cathedrals, more landmarks, retail stores we could not afford, bistros we barely could and then we took a whole day to stay indoors, watch the Tour and an entire HBO series. That day was fantastic too. While it may seem wasteful to while away a whole Parisian day indoors, the truth was we were beat. Saturday we moved to Roberto¡¯s hotel to await his arrival. A nightcap with him and a quick sleep and it was time for Kristin to leave me for real. KR ? Best. Vacation. Ever. Love you and I will celebrate with you anywhere, every year. TDF I had never even heard of road biking or the Tour until maybe ten years ago. By that time though, I was already good friends with Roberto. And so my path to Paris had already begun to unfold. We were friends for probably an entire year before I really figured out who he was to cycling fans. I remember that day vividly. Roberto and I were walking down Main Street in Durango, Colorado on our way to lunch when a nice, sane-enough-looking man in his thirties came running across the road to us, he fell to his knees and started prostrating to Roberto, all the while yelling ¡°Bobke, Bobke you¡¯re the man!¡± I stood there a bit on the bewildered side. Once prostrating man had paid his cycling penance, Roberto resumed our forward progression. I stopped and asked him to please explain. That is how I learned that my friend, neighbor and standing Thursday dinner date was kind of famous. This revelation did little to alter our friendship, as I was not into cycling at the time and already regarded Roberto as part of the fabric of my life, pauper or prince made no matter to me. Then a year later he started commentating for the network that covers the Tour and so obligingly as one good friend wanting to support another, I upped my Comcast Cable plan to include the obscure sports channel he was working for and so began what was once a fleeting fascination and is now bordering on fanaticism. Since then, there was only one year where Roberto did not go to France to announce the race for the entire US, that year he sat on my couch in Durango and commentated the Tour, right there in my living room, for the benefit of just myself and my father who happed to be in town. I remember marveling at how he could possibly know that the white and red polka-dotted speck hundreds of feet below the helicopter camera was a cyclist much less some Eastern European man with a multi-multi-syllabic last name who was killing it up the mountains. From that day I dare say I was hooked on le Tour and even more enamored of my dear friend. Not because of ¡®who¡¯ he is to Tour fans, but because I got to see him in person doing something he is really, really good at. About five years ago Roberto started inviting me to tag along with him to France. At the time I was subjected to a woefully inadequate two weeks of vacation time per year and really couldn¡¯t envision myself here. But that all changed in 2008. I came here last year for a week and now I am sitting on a rooftop in Paris, watching the minutes tick by before my guest pass allows me access to the Champs where I will watch the final stage of the 2009 Tour. For the last three weeks I have used the, ¡®but I am going there!¡± card to overrule the television choices of my parents, strangers in sports bars, and those hosting me in their homes. This last week in France I subjected poor Kristin to my audible rantings at the live BBC radio feed¡¯s inability to perfectly sync up with Eruo Sports TV programming and the official Tour site¡¯s live blogging. In an attempt to help her gain interest and thereby assuage my guilt from keeping her indoors, I would commentate for her. I¡¯d tell her why being number one or 21 or 51 was important, what the different jerseys signified, what category climbs were and so on. From the helicopter shots I would say things like, third one back in whiteÿ that¡¯s Hincapie he¡¯s only worn the yellow jersey once before, so he is going to give it all he¡¯s gotÿ there he goes, or ¡° Schleck¡¯s going to go againÿ See told you ¡± Basically, now I acknowledge that I am a fan in the truest sense. I love this event, I honestly think it is the most amazing sporting event we have going. And my absolutely favorite part of le Tour de France happens in a few short hours. When the race is over. After the awards are doled out, each team does ¡®victory¡¯ laps around the Champs. Can you imagine what that must be like? Twenty-one days, something like 80 hours in the saddle, countless hours of preparation, strategizing, abject suffering and then whe it¡¯s all over, to be riding with your teammates, knowing what you just accomplished, cheered on by thousandsÿ whether you are wearing the Maillot Jaune (overall winner) or the Lanterne Rouge (last place), you are a bad ass who has accomplished something only the most select few can ever dream of. And I applaud you all. As I sit for hours in different corners of the world meditating, trying to obtain single-minded focus I often think about all the other paths to Samadhi. For many, and I dare say for all of these riders, exercise, physical endurance is their path,. I can¡¯t imagine that when you are climbing up a beyond category mountain stage there is much room for the monkey mind to intrude. I can see the yoga in it, I see the Tapas the meditation and maybe that is why I so love this sport! 0 false 18 pt 18 pt 0 0 false false false /- Style Definitions -/ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:12.0pt; font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-ascii-font-family:Cambria; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Cambria; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;} The Biagetti family reunion took place in a small region of Italy about two hours south of Bologna and twenty minutes from the coast. It was like stepping back into a simpler time where families ate together every night, meals lasted three hours and no one was in any hurry to move on. The Biagetti family is large in numbers and mammoth in heart. For four days we ate, we laughed and we lounged poolside at a ridiculously gorgeous villa that slept the 17 of us Americans who had come to Italy and hosted the 30 others who would stop by throughout each day. On the mornings that I was not weighed down too much by pasta, pizza or Rose, I awoke to do my practice on a patio overlooking sunflower fields and lavender bushes. It was a dream. Kristen and I have birthdays one day apart (which is a big part of why I am here at all), also her cousin Libby and I share our birthday, so with three people turning older during the week we had plenty of cause to celebrate. The villa we all stayed in is owned by a man named Ercole (Italian for Hercules) who along with being an Italian Innkeeper is a famous florist ? he does the flowers for Vanity Fair¡¯s annual Oscar party among others. So on this birthday, my 36 th , Libby¡¯s 17 th and Kristin¡¯s (let¡¯s call it) 29 th , Ercole the florist to the stars decorated a heavenly confection for us girls and then he graciously provided most of the entertainment for the night. As Kristin¡¯s Aunt Lisa perhaps put it best, "Ercole is such fun you find yourself wanting to make sure he like you.¡± Kristin and I asked to be his floral assistants at next year¡¯s Oscars. I¡¯m afraid we might not have conveyed this desire strongly enough, but you never know where the two of us might turn up. The four days that I spent with the Biagettis were so filled with love that I can barely convey how overwhelmed I was to be with them all. Italy has always been special to me, I am a chunk Italian myself and each time I arrive in this country I feel instantly happy and grounded. This time I realized part of why that is, Italy is love, it is all heart and passion and comfort. Ciao Bella Italiano. Then we were on the move again, off to Spain, likely the only new country for me on this leg of my travels. Neither Kristin nor I had ever been to Barcelona before and what better reason to visit. Leading up to this trip Kristin was deep in planning for her time in Africa and I was moving my base from Colorado to Ohio. Because we were both so tied up with other tasks we never really did any planning beyond Italy ? other than buying plane tickets. This has proven to be really fun, in that we have no expectations so when we stumble on Cathedral Sagrada Familia four blocks from our barely-researched-yet-perfect-for-us hotel, we smile and think of ourselves as leading charmed lives. Then some days we get hopelessly lost, spend a small fortune we could have avoided if we had invested in a guidebook and generally make international arses of ourselves. While in Spain we followed in the footsteps of architect Antoni Gaudi whose macabre textural style compelled us from one building to the next and finally to the surrounding the home where he lived for twenty years. Each day in Spain we would get up at some very civilized late-morning hour and then pretty much just randomly head out, blissfully unknowing of what we might stumble upon. Of course this method of travel comes with mixed levels of success. The stumbling approach led us to a market where to ¡°save money¡± we decided to eat at a stall, which we assumed would be cheaper than a sit-down restaurant. That lunch ran us about $60, which was decidedly more than the previous day¡¯s sit-down lunch. But all-in-all the stumble approach treated us well. When you don¡¯t know what to expectÿ you have no expectations so you are often pleasantly surprised. One night we stumbled out way past dark. We had a beer here, a glass of vino there until finally we tripped right into a very short man who looked like he was impersonating Prince, assuming Prince ever wore red sequins and rode a flower-covered bike. Prince Jr. led us to our final bar of the night where two very drunk Irishmen bought our drinks because, exactly a year before, I had visited their home town of Letterkenny (thanks cousin Shannon for that one). High off free booze we stumbled home past street performers of every shape and size. Kristin calls them Buskers, a new term for me but one she says is widely used. Men and women laden with latex paints, oil-based makeup and non-breathing fabrics mime, mimic and dance their way to Euros from the passersby. Earlier in the day on La Ramba, a.k.a. Busker Row, I saw a man wearing just a black Speedo walking down the street, odd because there is no beach there. People were staring at him gape-mouthed and upon further review I realized his Speedo was actually a tattoo. Some quick deduction and I screamed ¡°Kristin! Look at that man!¡± upon which we began chasing after him cameras at the ready. The crowd in front began parting, women gasped, men looked dejected and once we rounded the bend we saw why. He was HUGE. I mean likeÿ good luck finding a woman who would think that was a good time HUGE! And not only that but he was entirely tattooed ? entirely! Not really sure how to segue smoothly here so I will move on to a topic not related to size but rather to eyes. I fell deeply in love with Spain, yes because it is beautiful and because Barcelona is so cosmopolitan and historic at the same time, but mainly I fell in love with Spanish men. (Elephant man mentioned above, notwithstanding.) If I love Italy because of its people¡¯s hearts, I love Spain because of its people¡¯s eyes. Tall, thin, mocha-complexioned men with hazel eyes are everywhere. I was actually uncomfortable in the preHere's a great post from Micah about sending on her 18 jeans! :) ~Jenn --------------- Tuesday, March 16, 2010 &nbsp; It is time to say good bye to a good friend. One that has supported me over the last few months. The one that got the WHOLE weight loss thing started for me. Yes, it is time for my beloved size 18's to move on to the next Fatty-Bo- Batty. I did take some parting pictures, with the help of my little assistant. (Meredith took some extra pictures, and I just love her little boots, so I had to share!) And now, as we say good bye, I am happy to say that I have lost 28 pounds! So, I am not too sad to see the jeans go. But, I think that is fitting to give them a nice send off. So, I decided to put together a little summary of my time with the jeans. So, Good Bye Jeans! And Good Luck Lori! I hope you have as much fun with them as I did! "Parting is such sweet sorrow..." Read the final update and success with the size 18 jeans from Micah below!&nbsp; Be sure to scroll down to the bottom if you want to enter to be the next Bloggerhood Pantser for the size 18's!!! Also, if you're interested in being the next size 24 Pantser, you've only got three more days to enter!&nbsp; The winner will be chosen on Wednesday the 24th.&nbsp; Click here to enter for those! Dear fellow bloggerhood jeans, The time has come for me to say good bye to my fatty. It is hard to believe that is has been two months since I arrived, but fatty says its time, and well she might be CRAZY, but she doesn't lie! Since it is time for me to move on to my next adventure in fatty land, I thought I would take this time to reminisce. I arrived to a super excited fatty ! I got to go to a christmas party ( Fatty gets confused . LOL!) I survived a blizzard , and fatty loses a "butt load" of weight ! The long and short of it is: It all started at the fourth grade Christmas party, and it all ended at the PTO school carnival. Seems fitting that fatty would chose to wear me for the last time to the school carnival. There was a little change however. About 24 pounds worth of change that is. Apparently my fatty was serious about this whole weight loss thing. I am proud to say that she has stuck to her guns, and worked her butt off.... literally! She even has one pair of jeans living here that are sooo baggy, she could fit another butt in it with her. So, now come the pictures: I call this one...Wrinkle butt! See how many folds are in the fabric? This one is called side... yep, she is now down to a "mini muffin top" and last I call this Sexy middle... now notice how she wears her mom belly with pride! (please note that Fatty was REALLY going out on a limb by posting such close ups of her stretch marks) Now come the fun pictures.... see how good she looks in her tee-shirt and jeans, sans muffin! :) And the best picture of all, I have talked about how awesome my fatty's buns look, and so I made her take a picture in them. TA DA!!!! Boody-licious fatty! LOL!!! Well, thats my tale! Hope all you other jeans are doing awesome! Can't wait to move on to my new home! And, my fatty is ready for her next size...16! Much love, Size 18 jeans&nbsp; So!&nbsp; For all of you ladies who are interested in a size 18 pair of fabulous jeans, now's the time!&nbsp; Please be sure to read and agree to the rules on the left side of this blog.&nbsp; Then, enter away! &nbsp; The pants are Levi, Stretch Low-Rise Boot Cut Size 18 jeans. Hello my lovelies! It is time.&nbsp; Time for a kick ass size 24 jeans giveaway, courtesy of our own Josie Phelps ! Brand: Elle Size: 24w Color: Dark Blue Slimming Fit Condition: Like new! &nbsp; She's also throwing in a BONUS pair of size 24 jean shorts, just in time for summer coming up. So. You know how it goes. Read the rules (on the left column of this blog.) If you agree, go ahead and enter! The winner will be chosen one week from today, so enter, enter, enter! &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; ~Jenn and Josie Check out her blog here ! :) Have you ever felt the need to put your arms out to your side, turn in circles and yell WEEEEE!!! Ok, recently? Today, I wanted to SOOOO bad! Some of you may remember a few weeks ago I decided to weigh in at the gym, just to see if my scale at home was off. And, BOY was it EVER! It had me well over 330. It was at that time that I waged a war with the ding dong scale. I swore I would never touch it again, if it was going to be so hateful. But, alas I could not stay away from it. I kept weighing in under 230 at home, and over that at the gym. Instead of being discouraged, I just took a step back, and started going with the scale at home. (I mean please, it had a better weight, who wants to deal with reality) It has been about 3 or 4 week since I got on the scale at the gym. But, then it has been about 3 weeks since I have been at the gym consistently. I have had frigid cold temps, and sick kids, and no time to go the gym. So, today when I moseyed on into the lovely gym to do my work out, I thought I would tackle the dumb scale today. I'm not scared! So, on my way out, I put my stuff down, hopped on the scale.... and.....I almost passed out AGAIN! Only this time, I am proud to announce, the scale happened to be at 216.5!!!!!!! I skipped the 220's! If I could have done cartwheels with out seriously hurting myself (because when you are 30 or over, you just should not do them anymore) I so would have! I am so excited!!!! As for the jeans (you know, the fabulous size 18's that MrsFatAss sent me from the bloggerhood ) that I like to strut around in, well they are still doing good! However, I can still wear them, and they are NOT falling off yet, which bums me out. I really would like to be in a smaller size once I send them on in a month. (can you believe that it has been a month already?) But, I cannot be to upset, 19.5 pounds in a month.... not to shabby! Be sure to check out Sue's blog here ! Fatty has a good Christmas My dearest comrades, (otherwise known as the bloggerhood jeans ) I come to you today, after about two weeks of family fun, food and craziness to tell you my fatty has lost 11 pounds. It is unheard of I know for a fatty to loose weight during the holiday season, but mine did! Ok, so lets back up a bit, and I will tell you the adventures that I have been on in the last two weeks. After our trip to the 4th grade Christmas party, fatty had a much needed vacation at home with her two adorable little non-fatty kids. They had Christmas cheer at Church, where fatty wore me to dinner. And her little Christian buns owned that sanctuary! And yes, she showed it to her friends. (Please note tho, I might say she "owned it" but she did not strut or flaunt, because that is not like MY fatty, she is way to proper for that.) The week leading up to Christmas consisted of shopping for the little non -fattys with her fabulous "other half of we" a trip to her favorite Mexican Restaurant, PMS (which, despite a few much needed, get out of my way or I will hurt you trips to Sonic Happy Hour for a large Cherry Coke, was very uneventful as far as the high caloric, high fructose corn syrup cravings are concerned) and a trip in a blizzard to Kansas City,Missouri with the whole fatty clan. That was fun! She wore me out to a fun dinner with her clan for Christmas dinner, in a blizzard in which she walked for three blocks to a restaurant that was supposed to be open but due to weather was not, and then back another two blocks to the place that she ended up eating (but only because it was the ONLY place crazy enough to be open). All was not lost though, it turned out to be a fun memory making trip, and the dinner was even good. She ate a spinach salad! And then walked back to the and WORKED OUT! I was so proud of my fatty! Then, the next week she wore me out for New Years Eve! Where again, she ate a spinach salad. She rocked the buns with her "other half of we" to hear her favorite local band of all time Bakerville. Boy, what a fun couple of weeks this fatty and I have had together. My friends, I hope that you all have had an equally good time sporting your fatty's buns during this holiday season. Here's to a fabulous 2010! Until next time my friends. Size 18 jeans (not 16) Fatty wears me to a Christmas Party. My fellow comrades, Today my Fatty-bo-batty (or FBB for short) wore me out of the house for the first time since I arrived, and it was about stinkin time! Where did my FBB take me you ask? Out for a Sonic Happy Hour drink? Out to eat? Out for ice cream? Out to shop? Nope.... she took me to a fourth grade Christmas party. At first I was appalled. Why would I, fabulous jeans, you know, the ones that make her buns look squeezable and AWESOME want to go to a fourth grade party? I mean come on! Fourth graders have not had two kids. They could care less that I have to squeeze some full figured 5'10" 220 something pound FBB into my outstanding material. But, oh well. I walked her fabulous buns into that class room, and followed every move she made. And, to top it all off, she did not even enjoy the buffet of high fructose corn syrup. (well, maybe just one little cookie). She did not drink a soda today, or eat wee little donuts. No sweet tea, chocolate candy, suckers, potato chips, dips or anything. I tell you what fellow bloggerhood jeans, my FBB kicked some major high fructose corn syrup butt today! I felt honored to make her buns look good! Well, it is time for her to take me off now....she needs to put on her sweat pants and big baggy shirt, because she can't breath! I will write more the next time she decides to take me out. And I will try to get her to take a picture of me....and her buns! :) Until then, good luck! With love, Bloggerhood size 16 jeans Our darling Micah got the size 16 jeans from Sue ! I'm super excited about her journey over the next two months, and I wish her a ton of luck in getting too skinny for the sixteens, baby! Here's her blog post about the package. :) ~Jenn ---------------------------- They are here!! Said jeans appeared in my mailbox on Monday, and it was so fun! I felt like a little kid seeing that package. I hurried inside and opened my package from Sue. She is so sweet! She put fun confetti in the package, and some candy canes (which if you saw the video, you know I don't have to feel bad for eating them). I took pictures...I just could not help myself. So, now we get down to business. Can she fit into the size 16 jeans, as hoped. --- SIDE NOTE--- I really wanted to take some pictures in the jeans out in Dewey so you all could see our cute little town, and so you could see all the fun thing that the jeans are getting to do... but it was REALLY cold when they got here, and I was not doing muffin top shots outside...so you get to see my bedroom instead! :) With promises to see fun places with me in the jeans! Ok, so here goes (and I really can not believe that I took these pictures, and I really can not believe that I am SHOWING them online! Ok...so there you go! They fit, but snug. I could wear them, but would really be comfortable after about day three when they are nice and stretched. But, I have incredible support here at home, and some really supportive friends, so FATTY BO BATTY BE GONE! Can't wait to see what happens after two months. Good luck to all the other Bloggerhood sisters! Sandra has written a 3BT post at Living in 22 . Have a look at the rest of her blog -- she has some wonderful photos of garden birds. 1. I get a coffee and line up my week's work in my notebook. 2. I like to hear the robin chipping-chipping away -- he sits (small and bellicose) in the conifer outside the window to guard the coconut shell filled with fat and seeds. 3. We have moved the kitchen table round to give more space in the kitchen, and now instead of sitting face-to-face, we sit side-by-side. I wasn't keen because I thought it would make conversation awkward. It doesn't really; and now we tend to turn our chairs at the end of the meal to spend some time cuddling and chatting. Here are my favourite 3BT posts for the week. Lynn plays the glad game . Penelope's daughter sees the joy in a banana . Eyebee has something nice for breakfast . Leonora fills her hands and empties her head . Bag Lady will never be short of work . Whitney takes a holiday . Spring has come for Merope's dogs . Louisa's new dog has her dancing to a different rhythm . Sprite's birthday presents are handmade with love . Confucian bells ring true for Plutarch, and a toad reminds him of national service . Genny hears some satisfying gossip . It's spring for lucky Joe in Vegas . 1. We visit Nick's parents, and find them in good spirits. When I write that, I feel like a historic diarist -- my whaler's wife, or Anne Huges from Diary of a Farmer's Wife . 2. I like to bring bedding in off the line -- it always smells better than any detergent ever could. It's a cold smell that fills the vault of my head and makes me think of light and shadow. 3. We've recorded HMS Pinafore -- it's good, once in a while, to sing along with an opera, to make comments about the costumes and to stop the action for a pee break. It's Mothering Sunday today -- hope all the mothers out there are feeling appreciated. We're off to see Nick's later; and I feel very thankful to mine for her help with moving yet more stuff into storage, and for cleaning up the kitchen window so Nick could paint it. 1. Two teenage girls, arm in arm, shuffle noisily through the shopping centre -- one is wearing sloppy sheep skin boots, and the other a pair of badly fitting ballet flats. 2. I come home from shopping and Nick gives me the thumbs up as I pass the window. "The viewer used the b-word!" My mind races: Boring? Blue? Bogus? Bollocks? "Big! She said it was big." 3. We sit in the window of a pub on the Pantiles and people of all ages and sizes pass -- some briskly, some dawdling with phones and pushchairs -- with bunches of flowers. 1. "What do I do with these?" The tip attendant puts his hands out for my broken electricals, and gives me such a beautiful, bright smile. 2. Newly painted window frames. Dark outside. It's almost a treat to stand here and do the washing up. 3. Poorly husband goes to bed early. Wife stays up and plays Zelda: Twilight Princess . . If you are hoping your blog will bring in a little extra income by way of that ugly word monetisation , selling advertising is one way to go about it. But it's hard for us mere mortals to get access to the people who are actually willing to pay up. Ebuzzing is a platform that has just launched in the UK. It gives bloggers an 'in' with big business advertisers who are keen to promote on blogs. The promotion takes the form of blog posts -- clearly marked 'sponsored' -- and videos both in dedicated players and in banners (again, marked with the name of the advertiser). Here's a video campaign in a banner -- the set-up appears similar to Adsense, and it seems as if it might be a good alternative. It's free to register on ebuzzing.com -- it took me minutes (I had my stats handy, though), and 3BT was approved within the hour. You then sign up for a campaign that appeals, read the brief and write a post. Your text is looked over by Ebuzzing and once approved, you can make it live. Now to the big question -- money. Looking down the list of campaigns I've been offered: most seem to pay ?40 for a short post, and I'm getting a bit more for this one. This strikes me as better than a poke in the eye. Ebuzzing lists some big names among its clients: Coca-Cola, Intel, MTV, MasterCard, Toyota, Electronic Arts, Ubisoft, eBay, Canon, Diesel, Warner Bros and Philips. If these guys have got money spend on blog advertising, I'm willing to earn it -- what about you? Sponsored Post Hi Everyone I've been offered the chance to write paid-for posts on 3BT, and with things being the way they are, I don't want to turn down the money. The posts will be marked as sponsored posts, and it will be clear that's what they are, as they will be in a totally different style to 3BT. I am planning to write one a month. The main reason I've been offered this is because of you, my readers, who are kind enough to turn up regularly, read what I have to say and write comments. I'm hoping the extra money will allow me to dedicate a little more time and energy to 3BT, and in that way benefit you, too. Clare I had the pleasure of interviewing artist Lesley Featherstone recently about an exhibition of her pictures at Trinity and Town and Country Foundation Gallery that runs until March 14. She also ran some workshops for women at the gallery. Lesley emailed me to say that she thought the article was a beautiful thing, which tickled me immensely. She added: "The other was the incredible women at the workshop Monday. The third was putting it up with Jane." Jane is Jane Churchill, who runs the gallery, and she's a very lovely (but busy) person -- I'd really like to interview her one of these days, too! The podcast is up . 1. I look up to see the dustman passing the window where I am working. The fourth time he passes (on his way back from replacing our bin) we exchange half nods. 2. I am making a ginger cake, and I am mystified by the instruction to add a certain weight of golden syrup and treacle. I picture myself standing there until Turpentine Sunday while the spoon dribbles a thread of syrup and the weight goes up gramme by gramme. I am so glad to remember my mother's tip -- stand the tin on the scales, and spoon out syrup until the weight drops by the amount you need. 3. At 7pm, Nick takes the pie he has baked for our supper out of the oven. He brings it into the sitting room to show me. 1. My mother scrubs the mould off our kitchen window frame. 2. Stuffing sacks of old clothes into the recycling bin. The hopper closes with a polite clang. 3.&nbsp;A pair of palm-sized portobello mushrooms in our vegetable box. Their dense flesh looks like real food. I imagine how a hunter-gather would have felt to find them on her patch. Perhaps she would have smiled and thought: "That's supper sorted."  Hi my pals! I was just visiting one of my best pals Tweedles at "Through the eyes of Tweedles " . I do love Tweedles and she got an award and she passed the love to me. I am so lucky! Please go and visit Tweedles and see the wonderful pug pin she got and is wearing proudly. Tweedles and I have many adventures with our magic bubbles. Here are the rules: 1. Publish it on your blog, referring the friend who passed it on to you. 2. Share 5 things you like to do. 3. Pass it along to keep the circle growing. Here are 5 things I like to do. 1. Sleep with my Mommy, all snuggled in right next to her. 2. Eat, I would eat all day if Mommy would let me(which she doesn't) My favorite is cheese. 3. I love to go for walks with my Big Sis and Dad 4. I love to protect my family 5. Play, I love my squeaky toys for playing and stuffies for snuggling. I have so many friends it is so hard to choose. I will make some choices, but please if you don't have this award, take it and keep passing it on to spread the love. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Twix at A Wiener Dog Blog Mack and Sally Ann at Big Bubba Blogger and Bothersome Baby Blogger Dory and Bilbo at Dory's Backyard Oskar at The Daily Oskar Captain and Candy at I need a Sugar fix Khyra at Khyra's Khorner - Khome On By! Mango and Dexter at Mango's Great Adventures Martha and Bailey at Martha &amp; Bailey's Blog Brutus at Brutus the Frenchie Phantom and Thunder at The Chronicle of Woos ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I could go on and on, I hope you all know that I love you and please spread the circle of love and friendship on. Even if you don't post about it, just take the button and put it on your blog. Thank you Tweedles , I am all ready to snuggle with you. I will be expecting you on your magic bubble or will you be coming on the beautiful Owlbert ? licks and sniffs, Sasha I was just being curious, that is my defense. I am sitting by the back door watching for squirrels. Mommy has let me out on the deck before and I always come right back in with her. She went out to do put a cover on our outside stove cooker griller thing and I decided it was time for me to explore the lay of the land. I wanted to see the backyard on my own, I am a big girl now. Come on Mommy please let me out, I won't do anything sassy (giggles and paws crossed behind my back) Just open the door and you will see how good I am. As soon as she opened the door, down the stairs I went. Our backyard leads to something called a 'marsh" I don't know what that is except that it is wet back there. I decided to run like the wind to the front yard. Mommy had to run to try to catch me and with her bad back, she couldn't run too fast. By the time she caught up to me I was in the road in front of our house barking at some kids on skate boards telling them to knock it off. Mommy caught me there. Why was she so mad at me?? I was just being curious. Now I can't go out by myself at all and I am grounded, so no parties for me for a while. I will try to change her mind, cause turkey day is coming and I don't want to be in trouble for that. Can you talk to her?? Please???? I am not exactly sure what grounded is, but I know she is pretty mad at me and I don't like that at all. licks and sniffs Sasha ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ p.s. can you send treats, I think grounded means no treats, shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Sasha really scared me when she ran off and especially when I found her in the road. I know better then to ever let her out there without a leash again, but in the past she has been very good and stayed with me on our deck. Lesson learned and don't worry she is still getting plenty of treats. Anne Please go and visit Bozo at Pet pride for more pets doing fun stuff! Bozo also keeps track of birthdays and lets us know who to celebrate with. Some days , you just don't feel like getting up. Have a fun and lazy day. licks and sniffs, Sasha p.s. Mom wants me to ask you to visit her Comfort Food blog and check out the cookie recipe exchange. Ok so I did and now I'm done and back to sleep zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Hi my pals. When I had my recent trip(nightmare) to see the Vet Lady, Mom found this article. Some of you may already know about this. You can never be too careful with us pets. The Vet Lady said it would be ok to give me a baby aspirin(81mg) if I needed cause my paw was infected. "Tylenol and Your Pets ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Tylenol (acetaminophen) is a pain killer and anti-fever medication commonly taken by people for minor aches and pains, fever, and soreness from arthritis. It is also a common ingredient in many children¡¯s cough and flu medications. Because it is so regularly used in humans, most people believe that it is safe for their pet. This is incorrect. Tylenol is extremely toxic in cats, and can be toxic to dogs as well. Cats are more frequently affected because they lack an enzyme pathway that functions to metabolize the drug properly. As little as ? tablet of Tylenol can be fatal in cats, and although a higher dose is usually required to be toxic to dogs, many can get severely ill with a low dose. Tylenol causes damage to the liver as well as to the blood cells in both species, and clinical signs can include depression, rapid breathing, dark colored gums, swelling of the face, paws, and limbs, vomiting, drooling and death. The safest way to avoid potential fatal reactions from Tylenol is to NEVER give it to your pet, even in very small amounts. Keep all bottles of Tylenol or other acetaminophen containing products in a securely closed cupboard or medicine cabinet to avoid spillage. If you think your pet is in pain, contact your veterinarian before giving any pain medications at home. It could save your pets life! " " Dr. Kim Yuill is a 2003 graduate of the Atlantic Veterinary College in Charlottetown, PEI. She has a strong interest in client education, wellness and preventative medicine and behavior. Dr. Yuill currently shares her home with a Boston terrier, a Pug, 2 cats, 2 budgies and her husband Charles. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Here are some people foods that we should not eat: ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Grapes and raisins Contain an unknown toxin, which can damage the kidneys. There have been no problems associated with grape seed extract. Onions and garlic (raw, cooked, or powder) Contain sulfoxides and disulfides , which can damage red blood cells and cause anemia . Cats are more susceptible than dogs. Garlic is less toxic than onions. Xylitol (artificial sweetener) Can cause liver failure. Mushrooms Can contain toxins, which may affect multiple systems in the body, cause shock, and result in death. Macadamia nuts Contain an unknown toxin, which can affect the digestive and nervous systems and muscle. Chocolate, coffee, tea, and other caffeine Contain caffeine, theobromine , or theophylline , which can be toxic and affect the heart and nervous systems. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ With the holidays coming, we need to be careful and try not to get into some of the people foods that could make us sick. Cheese however, seems to be just fine, thank you very much. Be safe and lets stay healthy! licks and sniffs, Sasha Hi my pals. It was kind of boring around here this weekend. My Daddy was sick and of course I was on duty to take care of him. He didn't feel like playing with me. Here I am making sure that he stays calm and rests while he was watching football on Saturday "Stay down Daddy, I am here to take care of you. Do you think Mommy could bring us some get well cookies?"" What Daddy, you don't feel like cookies?" Thats ok , I will be happy to eat them for you." It is a very hard job taking care of sick peoples. I can't wait until Daddy can play with me again. He plays the best games with me. I love my Daddy. I hope you all had a nice weekend. I am getting very excited for Thanksgiving. It is my favorite meal of the whole year. What is your favorite food on Thanksgiving?? Mine is mashed potatoes... yummm . The Wisconsin Badgers beat Michigan!! Congratulations to Brutus and the Ohio Buckeyes for their great victory! licks and sniffs, Sasha Hi my pals. I am trying to go to sleep and I am thinking about the things I might dream about. Sometimes I have bad puppy dreams and make woofy sounds and kick my legs(Mommy says). I hope I don't have one of those tonight. I would like to dream of a place where all my doggy pals and all my people pals can live together and no one ever gets sick. We will have such fun, running and playing. In this magic place there will be lots and lots of cheese and no shots and no sickness. I will call this place " Sashacheeseland". Will you come join me there? Free cheese for all! Cheese...zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Here is another little joke I got from another Uncle, I hope it makes you smile. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -The Silent Generation are people born before 1946. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -The Baby Boomers are people born between 1946 and 1959. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -Generation X are people born between 1960 and 1979. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Generation Y are people born between 1980 and 1995. Why do we call the last one generation Y? I did not know, but a cartoonist explains it eloquently below...I Learned something new today! licks and sniffs Sasha Please visit Bozo at Pet pride for pictures of pets and pals all over the place. I am feeling a little dazed here after my Vet Lady ordeal, but even still I agreed to pose for a photo. Well Mommy was holding a piece of cheese out, so that was my focal point. After my horrible haircut experience, they had the nerve to put a shirt on me. Even though I wasn't feeling well, it only took me 2 minutes to work my way out of it when I got home. Here I am half way off. If you roll around I find it slips right off. licks and sniffs, Sasha Please visit Camera Critters Meme to see oodles of fun pictures of all kinds of animals doing all kinds of stuff. Hi my pals. I am feeling better today. I was pretty sick for a couple of days. The Vet Lady said it was a reaction to the shots and also the infection in my system. Well if the shots were gonna make me sick, why did she give em to me?? I don't know about that shot thing anymore. I am better and back to my old sassy self. Here I am feeling down still. Pay no attention to the back round. I am in a room that is being fixed up and changed and all that. I am trying to gather enough strength to play with my favorite squeaky hot dog . After that I went back to sleep. For the rest of this post I am going to show you a nice walky I took with my Big Sis before the dreaded haircut and "shots". The first one is a picture of the house where the meanest dog alive lives. Her name is Bridget. I would have Big Sis take a picture of her, but I am afraid the camera would explode with her ugliness and melt and dissolve. Ahhh a lovely morning walky. Ok, back home. I need to go in and check on Mommy. I can't stand to be away from her for very long. She needs me. Ok anytime now. My Mom is in there and more important my good girl treat awaits. Thank you for all of your good wishes, I love you my pals. licks and sniffs, Sasha  Two LA Landmarks: Pacific Dining Car and Langer's Remember the 80s? We didn't walk; we power walked. We didn't eat breakfast or lunch. We had a power breakfast or a power lunch. And a suit wasn't a suit. That's right. It was a power suit. The whole thing made me want to power vomit. When a friend invited me for breakfast at the venerable Pacific Dining Car in downtown LA, my first thought was, "What should I wear?" I considered wearing a power suit (or at least a power jacket) while we ate our power breakfasts, but settled on a look that was more casual Friday than uptight Tuesday. After all, I figured the ultimate power comes from having a flexible schedule that allows you to take off the morning for a downtown breakfast outing. Sure enough, all of the other diners were dressed in suits and ties and gazed at spreadsheets and pie charts between sips of coffee from a china cup. To fit in, dining companion and I studied Jonathan Gold's list of 99 Things to Eat Before You Die while we developed a strategy for our next take over of a restaurant. I hadn't set foot in the Pacific Dining Car since the 80s, when I worked downtown as a briefcase-lugging corporate drone. I was happy to see that it hasn't changed a bit. Some icons become stodgy over time, but not the Pacific Dining Car. It still looks and feels fresh and elegant, refined and special with its rich colors, linen table cloths and fine china and silver. Butter rosettes and a fresh rose at every table I ordered the breakfast hash, which is made from the left over steaks from the night before. Unlike most hashes, which tend to be at least 50% potato, this one was 85% steak and 15% potato, all swimming in a rich, savory gravy. It came topped with a poached egg and two biscuits on the side. Power breakfast indeed. Dining companion went for the Cajun style eggs benedict, featuring sauteed mushrooms and a crab cake instead of Canadian bacon. After our two-hour breakfast, we realized that it was time for lunch. So we did what any food-loving duo would do: we traveled a few blocks away to Langer's to try one of their legendary pastrami sandwiches. When the sandwiches arrived, the first thing I noticed was the warm bread. Then when I bit into the sandwich, I immediately noticed the crisp, chewy crust. I was enraptured. Apparently, this is what rye bread is all about. Why doesn't everyone do it this way? We packed up our sandwiches to go, and I vowed that I wasn't ever going to eat again. That is until I returned home and that rye bread started calling my name. Of course, I did what any good girl from the 80s does. I powered down the pastrami sandwich and then I took a power nap. Be prepared for a 15-20 minute wait in line and a 15-20 minute wait for "fast" food at The Slaw Dogs. You may assume that you can get a realistic glimpse into my eating habits by reading this blog. You would be wrong. Or half wrong. Or maybe half right. Take the last nine scrumptious days. I've slurped Japanese udon and soba at Sanuki No Sato ; indulged in a friend's home-made cassoulet , ala The Art of French Cooking; sampled more than a half dozen "red wines under $10" at the same friend's home; toasted to good health with a bottle of Veuve Clicquot; shared paella, charcutterie, Spanish potatoes and a bottle of Spanish wine with friends at Three Drunken Goats ; met friends for dinner at Malbec , where my medium rare steak arrived well done (but the staff did an excellent job of correcting the overcook); had a tasteless burger at The Counter in Pasadena; sipped a Manhattan at the decades-old bar at Musso and Frank ; tried the jellied consomme (like gelatin with a bouillon cube), beef tongue, mixed salad and Welsh Rarebit at Musso's ; and couldn't get enough of the fusilli with fresh tomatoes (hangers on from the garden), shallots, garlic, olive oil, splash of balsamic and sea salt I made for dinner on Saturday night. And, even though this rundown sounds like a foodie's fantasy, it's far from my typical week of dining and drinking. And it omits a lot of indulgences, like the half sleeve of Girl Scout Thin Mint Cookies that I gobbled down in the car on the way back from the Scout's home. Or the Cherry Garcia ice cream that I had to have after a friend blogged about the joys of the cherry and chocolate confection . All but one of these meals was blog-worthy, but I'm not tempted to write about a single one of these dining adventures. And why not? Because I want to talk about hot dogs. The Slaw Dogs kicks the classic hot dog up a notch. Specifically, the dogs with attitude at Pasadena's newest specialty restaurant, The Slaw Dogs on North Lake Avenue. The hotdoggery has been open since February, and already lines are snaking out the door, an unusual sight in the City of Roses (especially north of the 210). Today, I chatted with two women who had driven all the way from Camarillo and Torrance to sample the dogs. While other eateries are tumbling faster than dominoes, what is there about The Slaw Dogs that's packing in the crowds from all over Southern California? It's an All-American classic. I know the saying is, "As American as Apple Pie," but we could just as easily substitute "hot dog" for "apple pie." Can you think of a hot dog without visions of family barbecues, fourth of July cookouts, greasy diners and baseball games. It's nostalgia wrapped in a bun. It's a Regional Favorite: Seems like every state puts a different twist on the classic. There's the Chicago-style hotdog. The Coney Island dominates the Northeast. And, of course, the restaurant's namesake, the slaw dog, is a West Virginia classic. The bloggers at West Virginia Hot Dog point out that nobody in West Virginia orders a "slaw dog" because it's a given that your hot dog will come with slaw. (Well, it's a given if you live in one of the southern counties in the state. West Virginians take "regional food" to a whole new level.) The Slaw Dog gives you the chance to order your dog just the way you like it, whether you're from Brooklyn, New York, or Charleston, West Virginia. It Was Ready for a Makeover: Like the humble grilled cheese sandwich, macaroni and cheese and hamburger, the hot dog was ready to benefit from all the best ingredients, including a selection of 11 links offered at The Slaw Dogs. It's Fun to Have Choices: In addition to the choice in links, The Slaw Dogs offers 25 "standard toppings" and 22 "custom toppings." It Lends Itself to Fusion: The Slaw Dogs offers a Thai Slaw Dog with chicken sausage, spicy peanut-cocunut satay dressing, cilantro-carrot slaw, crushed peanuts and siracha aioli. The Green Monster, which appears to be one of the most popular dogs offered, is topped with roasted green chilli (that runs the length of the dog), chipotle mayo, grilled onion, pepperjack, and spicy garlic salsa. For my first visit, I went with "The Original" with chilli, cheese, mustard, onions and cole slaw (but I asked them to hold the cheese). It came served with a knife and fork, but that's almost as much fun as slicing up your pizza before you eat it. Unfortunately, my grilled hot dog bun became unhinged after two bites, but that didn't stop me from using my hands to polish off the classic. Left: "The Original" slaw dog Right: The Green Monster, a crowd favorite How did it compare with the slaw dogs I've devoured in my home state? Unlike the fine shredded cabbage in West Virginia, the slaw is coarse shredded at The Slaw Dogs. And the WV buns are soft and steamy, not dry from the grill. On the other hand, the chilli and the grilled hot dog were superior at The Slaw Dogs. Country roads, take me home to the place I belong, Pasadena. But, next time, can ya' steam the bun? The Slaw Dogs 720 N. Lake Ave., #8 Pasadena, CA 91104 626.808.9777 www.theslawdogs.com Hours: Sunday - Wednesday, 11:00 am - 9:00 pm Thursday - Saturday, 11:00 am - 10:00 pm If you live in the San Gabriel Valley, you may want to check out these upcoming events. March 6: Learn about Access to Impact: Using Open Government to Create Change at the Neighborhood Church (301 N. Orange Grove Blvd., Pasadena) from 8:30 am to noon. Sponsored by the League of Women Voters. Refreshments and free parking. To RSVP for this free event, contact lwvpasocialpolicy@gmail.com or 626.798.0965. March 13 and 14: It's Sukiyaki Saturday and Sunday at the Pasadena Buddhist Church (1993 Glen Ave., Pasadena). Dine in (4:00 to 7:30 pm) or take out (4:00 to 6:00 pm) a flavorful beef sukiyaki dinner for just $10. The sukiyaki sauce simmers for days, creating a deep, rich sauce that's nearly impossible to duplicate at home. To reserve meal tickets for this fund raiser, call 626.398.9987 . March 17: The YWCA's Woman of Excellence program features Judge Kim Wardlaw , the first Latina woman ever to be appointed to the Federal Court of Appeals. She'll be at the Donald R. Wright Auditorium of the Pasadena Central Library, 285 E. Walnut Ave., Pasadena, from 9:30 to 11:00. Tickets are $25 in advance or $35 at the door. Refreshments included. All proceeds go to support programs at the YWCA. Purchase tickets online at www.ywca.org/kimwardlaw or call Ashley at 626.296.8433. March 20: Do you write or read a blog in the San Gabriel Valley? Join us for the second annual Bloggers ' Picnic in Farnsworth Park (corner of Lake Ave. and Mount Curve in Altadena ) from noon to 3:00 pm. Bring a potluck dish to share at this free, fun event. Whenever: Help save the Adams Park Station General Store at Chantry Flats. Read Cafe Pasadena's post about how to give to the non-profit associated with the historic general store. Hope to see you! I know. I know. Food guru Michael Pollan would not approve of eating ramen with a little packet of dried seasoning listing no fewer than 14 ingredients (including MSG). Just the same, legions of college students have escaped starvation and financial ruin by subsisting on the eight for a buck packages of Maruchan or Nissin Top Ramen noodles. My own finicky daughter started school with a hot meal in her belly, thanks to the Cup Noodles that she slurped every morning in the car for an entire year. (That, no doubt, qualifies me for the parenting hall of shame.) But me? The one with the discriminating taste buds? The one with the refined palate? No, I wouldn't stoop to slurping the ramen of starving students or the grab-it-and-go breakfast bunch. Thanks to the influence of my Japanese American neighbor, Carol, I suck down Myojo Chukazanmai ramen. At $1.49 a package, Myojo is the gourmet version of instant ramen. Last Saturday, I pondered the flavor choices on a pilgrimage to Mitsuwa Market in Torrance. I dropped a few packages of soy sauce and soy bean paste flavored ramen packages into my cart. And then came the WTF moment: Oriental flavor ramen. Why would a Japanese company with a Japanese audience market a vague "Oriental" flavor? To avoid confusion with the milder "Occidental" flavor? To evoke memories of a favorite Oriental rug? To appeal to foodies looking for a touch of the exotic? According to this review by NoodleSon, it's the sesame oil and traces of Chinese cabbage that contribute that taste of the Orient. Whatever you call it, instant ramen can be a bowl of comfort on a cold, wet day. But I'll bet that Michael Pollan still wouldn't call it food. I have a friend who truly exemplifies the word "gracious." When I recently threw a small birthday luncheon for her, she gushed repeatedly, "I can't believe all of the effort you made." Of course, she's the type who would be appreciative if I ordered Domino's pizza and mixed up a pitcher of instant tea. "I didn't go to that much effort," I protested, and I wasn't being modest. Here's proof that you can host a lazy luncheon and still make your guests feel pampered. Lazy Appetizer: The pesto torta , which we enjoyed al fresco with a couple bottles of bubbly, is pretty enough to look like you labored, but easy enough to assemble in less than five minutes. If you're feeling too lazy to slice your own baguette, have the bakery department at Von's Market do it for you. Lazy Table Setting: Use what you have. In my case, that meant backyard citrus for the center pieces and personalized grapefruit as the place setting. The gold napkins, purchased from Motif in Pasadena, pulled the look together. Not a Lazy Salad: This Winter Delight Salad is not exactly lazy, but the combination of slightly bitter arugula, sweet sliced pears, sour Granny Smith apples, sweet and salty candied pecans and pungent blue cheese is worth the effort. Lazier Option: Save time slicing fruit and candying pecans. Toss the greens with dried cranberries, slivered almonds and feta cheese. Still beautiful and delicious at a fraction of the effort. But, no matter how lazy you're feeling, please don't use a bottled dressing. Take two minutes and shake up your own balsamic vinaigrette - olive oil, balsamic vinegar, a pinch of salt and a squeeze of lemon. Lazy Entree: It doesn't get easier or more delicious than this. I called Euro Pane and ordered their vegetarian quiche with a potato crust. They even sliced the pie for me and threw in a half dozen crusty currant rolls. Lazier Option : Ask one of your guests to pick up the quiche for you. Lazy Dessert: Add some bling to your table with shimmering oranges and pomegranate seeds. Make it special with a splash of Galliano liquor. Lazier Option: While you're at Euro Pane , pick up some of Sumie's famous lemon bars. So, go ahead and take the kudos for a lovely luncheon. Only you and I know how easy (and lazy) it really was. I first sank my teeth into one of Brent's Deli's Reuben sandwiches about ten years ago. I loved it, but I never went back. After all, Brent's is on the other side of the universe in Northridge . (I think I regard the San Fernando Valley in the same way that many Westsiders view the San Gabriel Valley: a long way to drive for a non-destination.) And I figured that crowded and popular delis like Brent's would be around forever. In spite of my Reuben infatuation, I was in no hurry to return. But that was before my "restaurants might kick the bucket before we do" epiphany. So when my deli-loving friend suggested Brent's as a "half-way" location for a lunch meeting, I bit. I circled around the mini-mall parking lot five times before snagging a space. At 11:30 am, Brent's was already crowded. The bustling deli was filled with families: elderly mothers breaking rye bread with middle-aged sons; grandmothers, mothers and toddlers sharing a table and chocolate cake; doting dads spoon feeding cabbage soup to adoring daughters. Brent's, like a treasured family brisket recipe, is passed from generation to generation. And as I once again sunk my teeth into the Black Pastrami Reuben Sandwich, I could see why. The thick layers of succulent pastrami, melted Swiss cheese, sauerkraut and Russian dressing between grilled rye live up to the menu's promise: the sandwich melts in your mouth. I don't think I'll wait another ten years to return. Brent's Delicatessan and Restaurant 19565 Parthenia St. Northridge CA 91324 818.886.5679 Open daily 6am to 9pm Photo from http://oldschoolla.com Do you have a bucket list? A roster of things that you want to accomplish before you kick the bucket? If you're like me, food plays a big part on the ol' bucket list. There's just one problem with including restaurants on your list of things to do before you die: the restaurant might kick the bucket before you do. Just this week, two Los Angeles resaurant icons bit the dust. I've been to one, Goody's in San Gabriel, perhaps hundreds of times over the last 20 years. I always talked about but never made it to the second, Papadakis Taverna, the Greek restaurant in San Pedro. For years, Goody's was the location for my weekend Breakfast Club with a good friend. The waitresses weren't exactly mean, but they had no patience for special requests. (Half caf, half decaf coffee? Go to Starbuck's, Sweetie.) Well, maybe they were a little mean, but that was part of the charm. My friend Carol and I assumed that we would be eating pancakes and eggs at Goody's forever, or at least until we were as old as the other shriveled little old ladies who frequented the place. But, alas, Goody's served their last cup of bitter coffee last week. There's talk of a new location in El Monte, but it won't be the same without the familiar Googie architecture and crusty waitresses. Papadakis, the Greek restaurant that was as well known for its raucous dancing and breaking plates as its food, will serve its last meal and shatter its last plate on Sunday, February 1. Friends and I always talked about dancing and eating at Papadakis, but we never made it. Now I'm feeling a sense of urgency. What's on my food bucket list? This spring I plan to attend the annual Ramp Festival in Richwood, West Virginia, a daylong celebration of the pungent wild onion that is now a staple at high-end restaurants. How about you? Remember, we won't live forever and neither will even the most iconic restaurants. (For a list of 100 foods to try before you die, check out this just-published, SF-centric list from 7x7 SF. Scroll down for a look at Roadside Diner's pulled pork sandwich. I don't think I can live without this sandwich.) I was 21 when I made the decision to move from South Carolina to Southern California. Granted, it was a teaching contract that lured me out to the Golden State (and a snotty promise to my parents that I would move as far away from home as possible when I finished college). But I have to admit that I had been seduced by watching one too many episodes of The Beverly Hillbillies: swimming pools, movie stars. Throw in the beach and Disneyland, and I was hooked. More than two decades later, I'm now a little jaded at the sight of movie stars. Mickey and Minnie Mouse no longer do it for me. But there's one thing that reminds me that I'm living the golden life in the Golden State: citrus. And if citrus was gold, I'd be a wealthy lady. Our backyard trees are heavy with oranges, grapefruits, Meyer lemons and pomellos. I still can't get over the thrill of going to the back yard to pluck oranges for a glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice. It took 12 oranges to make about 24 ounces of juice. Our grapefruit are a little sour, so I topped one with brown sugar and threw it under the broiler for 10 minutes. Get 'em while they're hot! Just let it cool before digging in. Nothing goes to waste. I use part of the peel to make orange zest and the remainder will go to our neighborhood goats. I'm making a Harvey Wallbanger cake with the rest of the fresh OJ and the orange zest. Of course, that means that I'll get to sip a Wallbanger cocktail while the bundt is in the oven (and before and after). Cheers to the good life in Southern California! Mike has seen a steady uphill trend in overall speeds over the course of the last several days.  Conditions have been getting cold, and I have not seen any high winds or evidence of big storms.  The Iditarod dogsled race and associated snow machine traffic might be helping as well.The upshot of all this is that he's caught up to his 2008 pace, which is most definitely a good thing considering how tight his food and fuel margins are.Here is little SPOT replay video I put together showing comparing 2008 and 2010.  You can see how much slower things were in the beginning, and even though 2008 stays in McGrath for some time, it isn't enough to catch up.  The "Endless Innoko" stretch of 2008 is where Mike really started gaining ground, whether from better conditions or avoiding the mental fog / demoralization that plagued him that year.  He then continues to gain or hold ground throughout the Yukon river stretch.Reviewing some of Mike's older posts, I came across this post talking about the dangers of the 'sledneck' traffic and how he has festooned his bike all sorts of reflective tape and fabric.  In 2008 he recounts some interesting encounters with locals on snow machines, mostly out watching the dogsled race come by.  One person he met even claimed to have run over and killed an entire pack of wolves.  His post is well worth reading and can be found here.He ends the post,The night passes as a series of brief, anxious 'sleep' episodes, each abruptly ended by the imagined scream I am listening as I type to my favorite CD. It is Susan Boyle¡¯s singing like an angel. I love her voice and her choice of songs is varied and done well. When I first heard her on U Tube, I cried for her success and for the beauty of her rendition of ¡°I Dreamed a Dream¡±. And the reaction of the judges and the audience thrilled me. I¡¯ll bet I played that spot from U Tube over 100 times.Not only do I love the story of her success, but the fact that here was this gal staying at home taking care of her mother all of her life and the emerging like a butterfly from its chrysalis to becoming the most beautiful songstress of all. You go, gal. And she has went!!!! I know my grammar!I recently read several books. I have read Julie and Julia by Julie Powell and seen the movie. Any resemblance of one to the other is purely coincidental. The movie was all about Julia Childs and the book had very little about her and was about the life of the writer. I do not recommend it.I have also read again for the umpteenth time The Day before Winter which is about the Bennett families who live on this island near Nova Scotia and are lobster fishermen. I love these books for Elizabeth Ogilvie has written about the same families in a trilogy and then about other citizens of the island in other books but I feel as if I have lived there and that I know all of them personally. And I am a fisherman and I love the water. Pridddddddy! Abc I know I could of had the easier obvious options, Isle of Man, island, Irish Sea but now I have the laptop back a chance to plunder( Viking style of course) the older images. One Harley Davidson being admired by locals and tourists on "Ramsey Day" ( yes we do have our own special day) when the TT Road Races take a a break. I am leaving this post tonight short and sweet, and just leave you to enjoy the image. I know I do. Reminds me soon the motorbikes are back, and so will some of you who will see this image tonight. I did wonder who owned it. I mean take a look at that number plate. Could this belong to an American tourist who liked certain TV show from the '70s or one of our more hazardous Ramsey residents? Leave you to ponder that one. For more abc's see here Reality check Anyone who knows me knows I have a thing about Henri Cartier Bresson. Well he was French( I am a Francophile too) and his photography is most definitely the single biggest inspiration of mine. Even before I knew the images I actually wanted to captured reflected his way of seeing the world. Considered the Godfather of modern street photography and photo journalism that is he captured the image as it was. No cropping, no desaturation, no tweaking in Photoshop. If it was blurry so be it. If someone wasn't quite in the best posed position does it really matter? In the real world, people are sitting around waiting for you to capture their image airbrushed, the sunset doesn't always looks beautiful and slush from that beautiful snowfall can make an equally interesting real image. Does every image have to be perfect, beautiful, geometrically balanced. The world is slightly askew, shoot it that way. You can always hold the camera at at different angle to capture the relatively dull scene to add your own creative twist. As he said he trapped life. Each image, especially the people I capture, traps that specific moment in time. The lone walker in the scene, unawares, whoever they were, braving what I can tell you now was a bitterly cold day midweek trapped through the lens. A moment never to be repeated. The pretty colours of Parliament Street reflected in the slush pools, the grim reality that when snow melts it's really quite miserable and horrible captured as it was. The way Bresson did....... ......Of course we all know that I am also barking mad. Throw in that element of quirkiness then all the above goes out the window and I can show you my very none Bresson images. Pics when I have specifically coaxed people to play the fool for the camera, or purposely shot the same inanimate object from quirky angles, waiting for sunlight to hit the bridge, because it seemed like a good idea at the time. 100 times, that being the abridged version of a very long story! For more My World posts, Click here after 8pm. Praise be to Eric Tenin 5 th Year celebration of Paris Daily Photo Many of us over the years have probably had what we thought was a unique brainwave, a daily photo of the place we live. Sorry folks, myself included, and I am a brainwave kind of a lass, Eric had the conception, is the Godfather of the original Daily Photo. What better city too in my absolute favourite country in the whole wide world but a Daily Photo of Paris, France. Today we in the City Daily Photo community are honouring the founder in his trademark style " from the ground up" genre of image with one taken from where we reside. From the rank amateur to the more accomplished professional all are welcome in the community, from one horse town to the biggest cities in the world and it is Eric we have to thank for bringing us all together under the umbrella of a website community to show our place to the world. Congratulations Eric, and long may you reign so long as you understand I am still Queen B of my island. Click here to view thumbnails for all participants . Highlights on the high seas I'm beginning to feel like Ross from Friends talking to Rachael. I never deserted the blog. I WAS ON A BREAK. Can I please add not by choice. My psycho laptop, the one with suicidal tendencies had a breakdown and fell into a coma. The nut job laptop is back, motherboard images intact and whatever therapy it needed to cope with me constantly abusing it by uploading soooooooooooooooooo many images we have reached an understanding. So here's the first one to get us back into the groove before I go off at a complete tangent as usual and into a mega rant about island life not being all it should be. A sweet little finish the day off after the rugby on the way home shot of the harbour. Gotta say, it's been all doom and gloom weather wise, but just as the laptop arrived home the glorious light returned to our shores and the wonderful sky blue appeared on the high( ok harbour inlet but let me manipulate the truth as always for purple prose effect and slip in another H) just waiting for me to capture. The vessel moored too nicely weathered and hell I've even got people in there walking to the lighthouse, just to prove I ain't the only one residing here. Just the only one in hiding. Those privy to my FB real persona can vouch for the fact I actually do have a cunning highway woman outfit. Another h, though on reflection not perhaps the most inconspicuous of outfits to wear taking photos. Well I'm hopefully back, but I'm not a slave to the blog and this is not a to be taken too seriously look at the world I live in. Photography yes, words no. This isn't a travelogue but you will learn more about true island life and quirks than any book/site/or I love the island so much I won't have a word said against it types. It's a love hate relationship after all. For more abc's see here Or three's a crowd Well of course I could have gone for the obvious title of Swan Lake, but that would have been a bit of a lie. I'm not averse to bending the truth, well blatantly lying on this blog to illustrate an image with the text when I'm bored, or feeling mischievous but today, play it straight. The three little swan gliding into view are the real part not stuffed but the water is the swizz. It's not the lake but the Harbour inlet. If you look closely at the top half of the image you can see darker contrasting lines reflecting upon the lighter coloured water of the sail masts of the moored boats. Swans always look beautiful to photograph, but don't get two close. For such elegant creatures they have a nasty hiss and can break your arm if they don't want their photo taken. One for the zoom lens and run. Still on a borrowed laptop, so posts as and when. For other My World images, click here . Why photograph anything else Still laptop less at the moment and without access to my older images which the defunct (possibly but it's certainly comatosed) suicidal laptop is holding to ransom I have dipped yet again into the recent archives. Slowly we are going to walk along the whole of this river walk each Skywatch unless I get out there with camera and offer you something new. Why bother. I can dine out on these tranquil reflections for the rest of the year. After all we all know I'm the world's laziest photographer, so anything that makes life easier. Had to take my own image from another site I have stashed images away for when laptops throw themselves off tall building when they have had enough, so not the best size and little small, but you get the general idea. Short and sweet tonight, bit of a rush job. For for more Skywatch images click here . Reflections on a Skywatch Theme Apologies to any Sci Fi fans who searched Serenity and were hoping to catch a glimpse of the cast of Firefly ( yes I am TV, film buff, uber geek in addition to the music buff bit too) but his particular image above is my own personal slice of serenity. Not your most up to date image, another of those snowy image shots I rattled off within a couple of hours in one day, knowing the next this scene would disappear, probably for another 7 years until we have any kind of snowfall worth mentioning. I did warn you the icy/ snow photos would run linger for a while but I do try and vary them. Blatant lie there. It's the same Sulby river walk as last week, further along the path with a touch of melting ice in the foreground and the stillest of reflections. You'll note reflections play a big part of the blog. Easiest shot in the world on a clear crisp Winter's day with no breeze and they are always a pretty spectacular shot even in a mere novices hand with a simple (no this is the big Nikon) point and shoot. In other words, if in doubt shoot over water. It doubles the amount of available light by bouncing it around and the flatter it is the deeper the depth of the reflection. Short and sweet tonight and I won't be around. Babooshka does not exist but the photographer does and I will be out celebrating my Birthday for the next 3 days. Yes I know it is tomorrow, Friday, but somewhere around the world over the next three day it is Jan 29th. That's my excuse an I'm sticking to it. For more Skywatch images please click here Dontcha wish your snowman was hot like mine B If you are on B's Facebook you will know I'm less B for bewitched and more for bothered and bewildered by the whole island failure to connect properly with the outside world.the last 24 hrs. Maddening. So you get a last minute substitute image as I've being haranguing Facebook all day to no avail about getting the Isle of Man a proper, stand alone server. We are an island, a country apart. Ramsey is not in Manchester, UK. In fact none of the island is. Don't get me started on that one, or I will tell you why we should not be paying for a TV license either! Rant over. The snowman. Not sure if it's a snowman or snow woman. Play safe and shall we say flamboyant? Whatever he/she/it is I'm going with Lola ( you should know my musical references by now) and say that is just the coolest outfit you see on a snow person, of which I can take no credit for dressing, and that outfit surely is a "bold statement." Ambiguous B, yes but Bowring Road would be such a boring obvious B, and I have shown you the Britannia pub before. There is a bonus B in there if you look very closely. Babooshka. As I don't really exist though, only for blog purposes, maybe that reflection of the photographer is in your head. For other ABC' liteteral, lateral or otherwise see here .  Outside, the weather was sunny and a bit chilly. Inside, a sumptuous salad was waiting. My darling Gym treated us to a very cool and delicious lunch yesterday. Our new friend Martin prepared it all and I'm sorry my batteries went kaputt when the homemade smoked salmon made its apparition on the table. I wish I could tell you the recipe, but I'm afraid some details escaped me ! But I can tell you, it was absolutely delicious. We had cheap Spanish cava (the equivalent of champagne) but like we say in France, when the company is merry, champagne is always good even if its cheap. While waiting for the food to be ready, we nibbled on little goat cheese and walnut canap¨¦s under Frieda's benevolent eye. I think sunday lunches with friends are the best. We always part, making the promise that we must do it at least once a month and luckily we almost never fail. It also gives another color to mondays ! My lovelies, I didn't mean to stay away from you for so long but as you might have guessed, life took over and work kept me busy these last few days. I thought I would share my big news with you. Do you remember, I told you last summer some people approached me and ask if I could plan their wedding in Andalusia ? Well at that time, I wasn't too sure and declined the offer. But then the idea of being a wedding planner in the region I fell in love with, became really attractive to me, although it can be quite a daunting task. I started another blog Un mariage au soleil (a wedding in the sun) - which some of you already know - while still working on the website. With the precious help of Monch¨¦ri, I gathered zillions information about suppliers, religious ceremonies, musicians and what not in our area. Having already worked for wedding planners in Paris as a designer, I knew more or less what the job implied. But I still spent numerous hours on Internet reading blogs of American wedding planners which honestly are the best to me and learning from them. And then, it happened. Before Christmas, I received an email from a French couple saying they want to get married in Granada. We exchanged regular emails and they flew over from Paris last week and we met. My first professional appointment as a wedding planner ! As you can imagine, I was impossibly nervous. I assailed myself with questions : am I wearing the right clothes ? do I know enough, what if I can't answer a question ? and so on...The day before their arrival, I left a little welcome package at their hotel and on d-day I picked up the couple at their hotel and we went for lunch in one of the most typical restaurants in Granada. The days after, we went visiting venues. They were absolutely charming and now with a big smile I can tell you that it went really well (meaning I think they will trust me to be their wedding planner). It is a bit early to say anything yet because the wedding will be in 2011 but it looks definitely promising. I wanted to share this news with you because in a way I owe it to you. It suddenly dawned on me that in my moments of lack of confidence, before meeting my clients, I remembered some of the lovely and sincerely encouraging comments you wrote on the first post of my wedding blog. It was just a very quick flash or rather something like a misty cloud of love. You, my lovely blogging friends sent me these warm and precious waves of love and support. In those moments of doubt, your encouraging words were suspended in the air like little bubbles of love. For this, I want to thank you and I want to hug you all in my arms !! I especially want to thank my faithful blogging friends who always make me smile and always inspire me : M¨¦lanie , Catherine , Melissa , Linda , Cherry Blossom Girl , Joyful , Susanna , Christina , Judith , Michael , David , Agneta , Vicki , Sarah , Elizabeth , Constance , Nathalie , Relyn , Se'lah , Lynne , Yoli , Cynthia , Gillian , Dutchbaby , Caroline , Maria Cecilia , Ry , Linda at lime in the coconut , Des . I also take this opportunity to welcome my new followers. Thank you for being part of My Castle in Spain ! I wish you all a wonderful week end ! The Gourmet shop of El Corte Ingl¨¨s in Granada is always filled with little temptations for me. I find this crisps packaging delightfully girly. Now I can match my crisps bag with my lilac handbag and necklace. That's what I call eating crisps in style.... San Nicasio is a Spanish company specialized in snacks and established in the province of Cordoba. Its manager Rafael del Rosal won two consecutive gold medals in the Brussels World Selection of Quality in 2008 and 2009. Not only these crisps are made with Spanish non-transgenic potatoes but they are also fried in one of the best Andalusian olive oils (with the Priego de Cordoba's guarantee of origin and quality) and are salted with Himalayan pink salt. And last but not least, a slow frying method is used at a low temperature to prevent the formation of undesirable substances. Cool crisps, I tell you ! Have a wonderful week end ! Tailors are rare nowadays, except may be on Savile Row in London. A decade ago, sastres (tailors) could still be found in Granada and sadly there are only two left today. Every time, I pass by their shop, I so want to push the door and ask them if they would let me take some pictures of their workshop and talk about their trade. In the meantime, let me introduce you to Martin the tailor, whom we met last saturday at my dear friend Gym's birthday dinner party. Martin is Dutch and lives on the coast in Salobre?a where he established his workshop a little while ago. We had a very interesting conversation about bespoke tailoring and what it can mean to a person. Martin has a blog and here is what he says about his work in a post humorously titled Consummate professionalism or professional idiot ? ..... No matter how much money you make, no matter how famous your clients may be, when you're in a line of work such as tailoring, inevitably people will tell you that the world has changed, and people no longer are willing to pay such amounts for a suit. Some are a bit less straightforward and ask how can one survive as an independent and slightly eccentric tailor: I wish I could tell them but I can't: All I know is that it works, there are actually people left on this planet, who value beauty and quality, and who are willing to pay for it .... (to read more go here ) Well...Monch¨¦ri is dreaming of a redingote and me of the suit and coat worn by Kim Novak in Vertigo...Hum....now the question is : dear Martin, can we pay you by installments ? pic from Martin's blog This is the place I would like to live in, at least a few months to fill my days with such inspiring beauty. Alas, the parador is not a cheap hotel but believe me, just one night would suffice for me. Last saturday, I could only take photos of the patios and the gardens, as I need to meet the manager of the hotel during the week so that he can show me the dining room and lounges. I'm sure it will be a wonderful venue for small celebrations. This former convent built in the XVth century is actually very romantic. It was a promise made by Catholic King Fernando and Queen Isabel to build a convent for the Franciscan order once they put an end to nearly seven centuries of Moorish domination in Spain in january 1492. The convent was built on the site of a former Nazari palace, with gardens and baths, surely the property of a Nazari prince. The Franciscans settled there in 1495 and a chapel was placed in what had been the center of the Moorish house. You can have a drink at the hotel's caf¨¦ and stroll in its splendid gardens facing the refreshing scenery of the Alhambra. Blissful isn't it ? Tomorrow, if it doesn't rain, I will hop again to the gardens of the Alhambra and take some pictures of the charming former XVth century convent which was built amidst the gardens. Today, it is the Parador de Granada , a luxury hotel which I would love to experience one day... Could you imagine what was life like in the Alhambra in bygone days ? Surely, one was inclined to be more courteous, romantic and flirtatious... Have a wonderful week end ! pic : lithography of L¨¦on Auguste Asselineau Sala de las dos hermanas en el Alhambra (c.1830) Women in Granada like to dress pretty. I often pass by elegant women and feel too shy to stop them and ask if I can take a picture of them. This beautiful granadina had her back turned to me so I did a quick shot. I was fully concentrated on her woolen frilly dress, which I totally love and before I could think of something not too stupid to tell her, she was quickly rejoined by another young woman, with the same hair color, and dressed in similar style like her little sister...Cute... Some of my favorite words in Spanish are terraza al sol , a terrace under the sun. This is the best gift Granada has to offer on a lazy saturday morning. We were lucky enough to have one sunny day before the rain poured again on sunday. This is plaza Carlos Cano which comes alive when the sun is out. Wouldn't it be wonderful to organize a brunch party there ? The building on the side needs a bit refreshing . It seems obviously not in use, I wonder what will be done with it. I find its fa?ade so romantic with the little orange trees and the wrought iron balconies.  and sick.I am passed feaco-orally.I am also carried in food, especially seafood like oysters.I am busiest during the winter.I love places like schools, nursing homes and hospitals. Hi, I'm Swine.Or pig flu.Or H1N1 Flu.I'm an H1N1 Type A Influenza virus.I was first found in humans in MexicoI started in April.I am in almost every country now.I can pass between people.I am in the news all the time now.I'm very famous. Hi, I'm Bird or Avian flu,But I'm not the only bird flu!People called me that when they found me in people.I was first noticed in 2003, around Thailand.Many birds were killed to try to stop my spread.So far, I have been found in about 400 people. I killed over 200 of them.I don't usually move from person to person.Some people think I have started to.I used to be in the news a lot.People don't about me as much anymore. Hi, I'm Hong Kong flu.I started out as my 1957 friend.In 1968 I went through antigen shift,I then became H3N2 and spread.I moved from China to Hong Kong.I lasted for 2 years.I was milder than my earlier flu friend.Not as many people died.I also came from mixing of human and bird strains. Hi, I'm the H2N2 'Asian Flu'.I am an Influenza A strain.I started in Guizhou, China in early 1957.I moved to Singapore, Hong Kong, and then to the rest of the world.I hit the US and UK by the end of the year.I lasted to 1958.My first wave hit school kids.My second wave hit the elderly.I was milder than my 1918 friend,But I still managed to kill over a million people. Yes, yes, soon the fourway bonding attempt with begin. Harriet gets her staples out on Tuesday, her incision looks like it healed nicely as there was no redness or swelling and she was a good girl and didn't lick it. She has seemed a bit depressed, probably a result of the surgery and no being let out of her pen. Harriet in her willow tent and all matching floor towels. I tried putting the Snoozy pad in the tent but it was pushed out. Once arranged near the food bowls she often stretches out on it. Harriet has some definite ideas about BunShui. Her appetite has not been as sharp as her pre-surgery self (or as the other rabbits who seem to think they are being starved). However in the last day or so appetite is seeming better and she was skittering around her pen and working hard at pulling a towel through the bars. There were two meetings without bars, one inadvertent and one planned, between Amelia and Harriet. The first was when, in an attempt to let Harriet have more room I barricaded off half the back room. Amelia was engaged with a nap in her lean-to. Harriet was quite stimulated by the whole arrangement and within a few minutes had broken down the barricade and was nose to nose with Amelia, who did absolutely nothing. This seemed like a good sign so later I opened the outside annex (AKA the Bunnex ) and let Amelia out. She immediately found the pumpkin I'd put out because it was molding on one side and began to help herself, not to the moldy part which was really very small. I let Harriet out for some room exploration, but she was more interested in finding Amelia. Play the video to see what happened. This event happened twice, each time ending in a light scuffle. Now I have an idea of what to expect. If I can bond all four rabbits I think it will be a pretty busy place here at the Rabboratory. Just this morning all the rabbits were in the back room. Harriet was tossing her dish around, Amelia was being groomed by Tyler and Sydney was in the small box house. Minutes later Harriet was messing with her fence and pulling a towel through it, Amelia was rolling the snack ball around and Tyler and Sydney were shacked up in the box house, which is very, very cosy for two rabbits. Tyler (L) and Sydney (R), Spots got to stick together, mostly...... Tyler thinks that if we are going to have ANOTHER free range bun about the house that the door needs to be just a wee bit bigger..... Have a great week everybun........ Tyler considers our new art photo...... It has a been a rather busy week both in and out of BlogLandia. First we WON the signed calendar page from Alice at Potentially Nervous / Crazy . The page was so GORGEOUS, I had to frame it. For some reason 17 x 11 is not a frame size where I live unless you do a custom frame and buy the glass separately and such and such. However after more thought than seemed necessary, I realized if I bought the 16 x 12 frame I'd only have to trim an inch from the length and I could fill in the gap at the bottom with the Angora fur that Alice so kindly sent along in the package. It looks pretty good! it's fun to have some new art. I am going to hang it low so the rabbits can continue to admire it and commune with the image of their friend, FATS. Amelia, especially, considers him her special friend..... Amelia thinks about Fats and wonders what a Winter Wonderland would be like.... Harriet got spayed last Tuesday, it was a little scary when the vet said she was having trouble waking up and that sometimes happened. She was slow to eat and pee and poop and I had to give her a couple of doses of Medicam. She seems to have fully recovered judging for appetite poops and boxing matches with the other rabbits through the fencing and gets her staples removed on Friday or next Monday Bunday. Then we shall see about the bonding...... H arriet watched her favorite Potentially Crazy screen saver as part of her recovery therapy. And then we got an award from Crafty Green Poet : the Kreativ Blogger Award. In order to accept this accolade I have to list 7 (!) things about myself that you don't know and list SEVEN fellow bloggers to pass this on to...... 7 Things you DON'T know ABOUT me, but soon you will..... 1. I was born in New Jersey, but only stayed for two months. 2. I was once mistaken for a dog. 3. In High School I received a special art award for creating the most Rhinoceroses as prints, drawings and ceramic pieces. 4. I dropped out and returned to college 4 times. 5. Sydney does not like bananas. 6. I don't like coconut anything. 7. In a small notebook I kept throughout the 7th grade I wrote that I wanted to write and illustrate stories and train horses when I grew up..... To carry on this award, it was very hard to pick, I choose the following Kreativ bloggers: 1- BunnyGirl because she is a writer too. 2- RoadBunner because she takes great pics of Mario and knitted a rabbit. 3- Silver and/or Ankles because she is also a fabric/batik artist. 4- Friend of Animals because she makes really charming handmade cards. 5- Pensacola Paula because of her excellent photos. 6- Fez and the Gang because of funny caring posts and some super pics. 7- Raspberry Rabbits because she just is very creative, no matter how you spell it. I apologize if anyone mentioned already got this award, these things tend to travel round and round repeating their appearances........ A break in the weather allows for Harriet to go out into the garden and Amelia to go out onto her deck, which has been enlarged by a few more fencing panels. We realize that some of our friends are in snow storms and what passes for a storm on the central California Coast would constitute a break for them, we do realize that........ Amelia wonders what Harriet has found to do on the other side of the fence. Investigation reveals a major project underway. Harriet asks what how we li ke her earthwork. Epilogue: the bench under which Harriet chose to place her art project was moved and the hole filled in. It was explained to Harriet that this was for her own safety because the tunnel construction was unstable and could collapse. She took this in stride and stretched out luxuriously in the soft damp earth. Later she had to get her white mittens washed..... Amelia is quite, quite, quite fond of being petted. If Tyler is getting his pets she will dash over and insert her head as close to his as she can. In this little movie you can see what is a usual occurrence around here. This short also features Sydney jumping over her brother! Since Harriet is in a pen I try to let her out into the garden everyday for awhile if weather permits. She is pretty good about coming in and hasn't tried to get away. But don't think I'm not constantly checking on her. She has started a digging project that may have to be curtailed before she gets under the deck. Her paws got so muddy from her last last work detail that I had to wash and dry them, much to her dismay. In the next short she is checking our our fallow garden beds where I dump the rabbits poops. Don't miss the very end part where she flicks her butt and sprays urine! Harriet is wondering when she will get out of jail. In true Harriet fashion her spay date has been changed three times. The good news is we have a certificate to pay for more than half AND our favorite vet, Dr. H., with whom we have a long relationship, will do the surgery. She is so good with the anesthesia and makes very small low incisions, so we hope for a quick recovery. Additionally Dr. H. wants a rabbit print as payment for Harriet's exam, OK, I think I can manage that.... And when Harriet has recovered we can try some four way bonding. Harriet shadows the spotted Syd. Nobody has called about Harriet. It seems that she is, if we can integrate her, one of the gang here at the Rabboratory. She'll go in for her spay next week and then after an as yet undetermined recovery time, I'll try to bond the four of them....I'm thinking I should try introducing them, without fencing, one at a time; preferably in a neutral spot like the bathtub or a pen outside. Tyler and Harriet lounge while Amelia shows concern for the difficulties of photographing a very dark rabbit. Since she has been here Harriet has been in a pen where everybun can see her and interact with her through the bars. There has been a little boxing and and the only time there was much upset was when she was in the kitchen and Tyler was in the Rabboratory; everything was wrong and they each blamed the other. There has been lots and lots of pooping and peeing on both sides of the fence. When she first arrived it had seemed like Harriet would be the queen of box habits, but now that she feels she needs to demarcate her space, she's got both barrels blazing and the other rabbits aren't much better. Harriet on a bun-errand..... Often all rabbits are quite relaxed and I have them close while eating. There has been flopping on both sides, a good sign! Harriet gets to go out in the yard with supervision. Here she seems to have a set pattern of places she needs to go and things to chin, so far she has not deviated from it. When I need to get her in I herd her into the kitchen and pick her up there, she'd rather not be picked up outside, it's humiliating. Amelia loves to go out on the deck and thinks she ought to be allowed into the garden too.... Have a good week! Harriet can be a bit of the trickster, she is so dark that sometimes I can't see her in her pen and I am sure she was done a Houdini. She is able to scramble over the three foot Xpen, so I have to pin a sheet over the top. There were some exciting night time escapes and forays into the living room, stronghold of the Spots, before this technological innovation was in place. Hopping when she can. Today there were some mix-ups involving Harriet. When I brought her to the vet last week Dr. H . was concerned, and rightly so, about performing a spay on a rabbit that might be someone else's. She asked that Harriet be registered as found with County Animal Control for a waiting period of two weeks. I dutifully did this the very same day. On Friday Dr. H's office called and left a message asking to schedule her spay. So today I called and spoke with C. and told her the story. When C. relayed the story to Dr. H. she left out enough for Dr. H. to think I'd surrendered Harriet to Animal Control. "Diana would never, never do that!" she said and had B. call me back for clarification; A little mix-up; we were all relieved to find I wasn't behaving out of character. Harriet chooses a book to take back to her pen. Because Harriet is in a pen I try to bring her out often to stretch her legs. The kitchen has a good straight run in it and I've rabbit proofed the back yard enough that with supervision she can go out there. Today it was a particularly fine morning so I took Harriet out in the yard while I pruned a rose tree. I followed her around a while and saw she was going to all the places she went the day before. Everything seemed quite stable, I kept my eye on her. I turned my back to do something or other and she was gone. Vanished into thin air. I looked everywhere. I could just imagine what the BF would say because I had been saying I thought she wasn't going to make a break for it and would stick around. Thinking she might have breached the side barrier and gone out front I went into the kitchen on my way through the house. Who comes racing out of the back room with Amelia on her tail, yes, it was the run away rabbit. Harriet had hopped up the steps and into the kitchen, which she knew well and returned to her room to "visit" with Amelia......... With a whole kitchen to explore the most interesting thing is still of the other side of the door . Tyler was complaining that he hasn't had adequate face time on the blog and that we finally had some light so couldn't I take some pictures of him? After he saw them he thought he ought to go get a job as a male model, apparently he has forgotten how devastatingly handsome he is. Look me in the eye and deny me anything, I dare you! One of his many soft sides..... Which is my best side? That would be which ever one you are lucky enough to see. On another front it was reported to me last week that there was a loose rabbit around the neighborhood. Although I looked here and there, I decided to let karma have her way in this situation. On Saturday morning this rabbit hopped down the driveway and into the backyard. I had a little chat with her, she let me pet and pick her up. It was raining, so she got a towel dry and has been living in a fenced in bathroom. She says her name is Harriet, she a dark agouti, very soft, very tame. The other rabbits have been pretty emotional since her arrival with a lot of chasing and such like. Interestingly there is less of an interest in her than there was in Amelia and there is not so much marking (not yet at any rate). I'm not sure if I'm up for having FOUR rabbits, but for the time being I think I can take it; one bun at a time. She's a little darker than this photo shows and her fur is in really good condition, not patchy like it looks here. Guess a week of rainwater rinses does something.... Have a really interesting week. It has started to rain heavily, some reports say it may be like this for a week. The reports are always changing. Sydney tried to amuse Amelia by telling her a ghost story about a rabbit who got it's ears removed by aliens who took them to a quite distant planet in another galaxy beyond the moon for further study of the miraculous properties of rabbit ears. Then Amelia made up her own story........  My 13 year old son has bad phone karma. This year he has dropped his cell phone in the toilet...and in a storm drain. The most recent folly was the storm drain last weekend. His cell phone was in his pocket...and as he got into the car, it slipped out and fell onto the street and into the storm drain. The look on his face was tragic. Then the desperation kicked in.&nbsp; We attempted to retrieve the phone with a golf-ball grabber thingy, a rake, and we even considered holding my 8 yr old upside down and lowering him into the sewer... but, no phone was retrieved. The last act of desperation was a call to the City of McKinney the next morning. And lo and behold, the city send out...Storm Drain Sal. A petite man who slid into the storm drain man hole and saved the phone...which still worked, amazingly. Wonder what else he's saved out of our city sewers? My 13 yr old son plays in the middle school band. And we rent his trombone from a local music store, Music &amp; Arts . I realized this week I'd skipped a payment. Accidently. As I hurried to make the phone call in order to get caught up on payments...it occurred to me that there might be a musical mafia.&nbsp; I didn't want to have to get a loan from a shylock...or get iced. Maybe, if there is a musical mafia, they put the hit out on my son...they outsource...and use bullies from the local middle school to collect. I'd feel so guilty. We're paid up though. Donny can play his trombone safely.&nbsp; I know, sometimes I think too much. And follow too many rabbit trails.&nbsp; I'm weird like that. When I was younger, we read a book at school about a man who paints houses for a living but dreams of far away places.&nbsp; When he sees a movie about Antarctica, he is so fascinated that he writes to Admiral Drake, an explorer there. Instead of answering the letter, the Admiral sends a large wooden box with holes punched in the sides. When Mr. Popper removes the outer boards, out jumps a full grown penguin. From then on, his days are filled with one adventure after another. This book began my love affair with penguins . I had a stuffed penguin that I slept with for years, and I named him Captain Ork.&nbsp; (Ork being the sound a penguin makes) Tonight, watching the Olympics women's ice dancing short programs, I was reminded of one of my favorite animals once again. And by a little known fact I recently discovered about them. The King Penguins have an organ above their eyes that convert salt water to fresh water. So, they can drink salt water. How amazing is that?! All the answers we're looking for in science...are in the animal kingdom. Seriously.&nbsp; This kid is so cool. He has every NERF gun possible. He's smart and sweet. He's super athletic, but also loves video games. He's a little tightly wound at times, but he's my sweet Remy. Next up: Donny got his braces off! Woohoo!! My take on the Oylmpics Opening Ceremony : The most vivid image I was left with after Friday night was a guy flying over wheat fields and flannel-wearing, tattoo-covered, grunge fiddling tap dancers . Canada, you are strange, but in a friendly-dorky kind of way. I was kind of disappointed Celine Dion didn't end up naked in a maple syrup fountain. The indigenous dancers had to dance for an hour straight. Because we haven't done enough to them by taking their land and such. And slam poetry? Wow. That was unique!! Overall, it was a bizarre event, and really, really long. Canadians are either really deep...or really high . Not sure which. and all that money (30-40 Million!)&nbsp; spent on the opening ceremony could have gone to something more impressive...like helping Haiti or some other third-world country. That would have said a lot more, in my book. But, I love the Olympics ! And I love reading all the twitter commentary on it. I'm taking my Valentines to get haircuts...because I can no longer see their eyes. And then we're going to see a movie. Probably the new Percy Jackson movie Lightning Thief . Because my older son and I have read all the books and LOVE the series. What are your plans? They aren't sure where Mozart's body is buried. Polar Bears are left-handed. Butterflies taste with their feet. Cows have four stomachs. Horses cannot vomit. A crocodile cannot stick out its tongue. Most people cannot lick their elbow. Which of those statements astonishes you the most? An aptly named abandoned boat!! Actually, that's not my attitude at all. I always care. Perhaps too much. I care about the now homeless people in Haiti. I care about my family. I care about the people I work with and our clients . I care about what I want to do with my life and that it matters somehow. Caring makes things harder. and more challenging. But totally worthwhile.  i see a lot of eclipses in this painting by wassily kandinsky, although he called it several circles.i think it would be cool to have a first name like "wassily." his work reminds me of my grandmother's paintings.  i like the bold geometric forms and colors.he manages to express the romance of a circle.  i went to the lenbauchaus in munich, germany one time and was mesmerized by the shapes in this massive painting...... and the colors of this one.  I loved Juno. It left me feeling really happy, and that's all you can really ask from a movie, right? I thought it was loads better than Little Miss Sunshine, which it has oft-been compared to, and I actually thought, as unplanned pregnancy movies go, it was much better than Knocked Up (which I enjoyed). I don't want to say too much since this is still in limited release and a lot of people probably haven't seen it yet, but some stuff I really liked:-the music, I thought it was perfect. I rarely ever buy movie soundtracks and I want to get the soundtrack.-it was structured around a school year and there were little subtitles for spring, summer, fall, and winter. This worked really well in my opinion--when you're in high school, so much hinges around the changing of the seasons. -Michael Cera's character didn't have much to do, and his head-in-the-sand behavior regarding the pregnancy bugged me.-there was one scene, that I don't want to describe because it was a pivotal plot point (and one I didn't see coming), that was so emotionally awkward and visceral that it made me uncomfortable. In a good way.-I liked Ellen Page in Hard Candy and I like her even more now.-Yes, some of the slang was awkward and felt forced--particularly one line "honest to blog?" that made me cringe--but I think that died down as the movie went on.-Loved Alison Janney as the stepmom. Loved when the dad said "I'm gonna hit that Paulie Bleecker kid in the wiener"-There was a slag against ultrasound techs! My fiance, currently in school for medical imaging, was very defensive. Hah.-Jennifer Garner always seemed kinda blah to me in a Sandra Bullock way, but she was very good here.-Funny that Juno learned that babies have fingernails when they are born, cause I just learned thatHere's the link! http://www.nmnathletics.com/newMediaPlayer/console.htm?DB_OEM_ID=23020&amp;type=live&amp;oemid=23020&amp;id=44428 Day 1 was duet free and thematic we swam 7th and 8th Day 2 was free team we swam 3rd Day 3 was combo we swam 2nd Enjoy! Nous revenons tout juste du 3e World Trophy en Espagne ¨¤ Madrid. La comp¨¦tition avait lieu sur 3 jours soit du 5 au 7 d¨¦cembre. Notre premier entra?nement avait lieu le 2 d¨¦cembre. Apr¨¨s une journ¨¦e de voyagement, il n¡¯est jamais facile de retourner dans l¡¯eau. Cependant, notre premi¨¨re pratique a tr¨¨s bien ¨¦t¨¦. Notre horaire ¨¦tait super charg¨¦, nous avions un entra?nement avec musique le matin, ensuite un retour ¨¤ l¡¯h?tel rapide pour d?ner, et un autre entra?nement dans l¡¯apr¨¨s-midi. Au retour, nous faisions du vid¨¦o afin de corriger le plus d¡¯erreurs possibles pour le lendemain. La comp¨¦tition a commenc¨¦ avec l¡¯¨¦preuve de duo libre avec Marie-Pier et Chlo¨¦, elles ont tr¨¨s bien nag¨¦! Une heure plus tard, c¡¯¨¦tait ¨¤ Tracy et moi de comp¨¦titionner dans l¡¯¨¦preuve de duo th¨¦matique. Notre maillot avait des pantalons et un chapeau qui repr¨¦sentait la Diva de Salvador Dali. Tous les duos th¨¦matiques devaient absolument avoir une th¨¦matique espagnole et nous avions aussi droit ¨¤ un accessoire. Nous passions derni¨¨re et nous avons donn¨¦ notre meilleure performance jusqu¡¯¨¤ maintenant. (Cela fait juste 2 mois que nous pratiquons ensemble.) Le lendemain, c¡¯¨¦tait l¡¯¨¦quipe libre. Nous avons d? travailler beaucoup sur nos highlights et vu de cette comp¨¦tition et ils ont tous fonctionn¨¦s! Nous nagions le m¨ºme programme libre qu¡¯aux Olympiques, mais avec plus de la moiti¨¦ de nouvelles nageuses. Le dimanche c¡¯¨¦tait le combo. Le public a ador¨¦ notre routine! Nous sommes maintenant en cong¨¦ pour quelques semaines! En janvier, nous effectuerons quelques changements dans les programmes afin de les pr¨¦parer le mieux possible pour les Championnats du Monde de 2009, ¨¤ Rome. After the Olympic Games, half of the team retire, which is totally normal! I'm still swimming and this year, I'm swimming team, combo and duet. The combo is a mix of 5 minutes of everyroutine. It's really visual! It's like a show. We are leaving for our first competition on Sunday. It's the World Trophee in Madrid, Spain. This competition is really different from the World Championships or the Olympics. There will be only 5 judges (there is 10 usually) and their marks will be only artistic. We are going to swim the same free team as at the Olympics, the combo is a brand new routine, the duet free is the same routine as the Olympic and the duet I'm swimming is a thematic duet. Every country has to swim on a spanish music for minutes and we are allow to have an acessory. I'll post some pictures later, I have to keep the secret for now! The duet competition is next Friday, the free team is on Saturday and the Combo is on Sunday. We had an amazing swim!!! We cam 4th!! Japan got a penalty from touching the bottom and we beat US!!!! We are really proud!! Closing today!!! I'm a little early on schedule so I've got a little bit of time to write... After a night of counting and reviewing my routine, we got up ate breakfast and did our hair, make up (which we had a class for Cirque du Soleil) and we put our hat on... The schedule today looks a lot like yesterday... And I might not have time to say how it goes before a day or 2.... But, here is the draw... US goes first, which is really good for us, then 2nd Australia, 3rd Egypt, 4th Canada, 5th China, 6th Japan, 7th Spain and 8th Russia. After our performance, we have a dinner at the Canada house with our friends and families. That's about it for now.... I can't wait to perform...!! And be done... hihi!!! Today was a really good day! Not even we finally tied with the US team, but we also got one of the best performance of our tech team program which was . It contains 11 different elements. We had a little music pratice this morning for 15 minutes and we shared with Japan. The practice went really well! Our coaches almost didn't know what to say after each part of our training! We also did a runthrough to make sure we were ready physically and mentally before we competed. After that, we had a little time to do make up, relax, watch video of our music practice and then we were getting ready for the big event!!! Imagine what goes in your mind while you're sitting there, an hour before you go... You think about thousands corrections that you have, and then you think of how many people are going to watch you on tv, that your family is in the stands for the BIG competition, you also think about how many hours, weeks, years that you work to be able to swim there...! It was almost 3.... then you put your cap and googles back on, and you get ready to do the last warm up before the competition. I did my laps of the routine with the I-pod that goes underwater with a teammate, then got out and walk to the call room. There, we had our focus group, where the captain says what to think about in certain places of the routine, and she told us that whenever we were feeling distracted because it was the Olympics Games, just count louder in your head!! Then, I took a few breath, a sip of water and the doors opened in front of us. It was OUR turn now! So we walked on... as cool as we could be and we did our routine, trying to convince everyone that we ROCK!! The swim felt really good! And the coaches were really happy at the end! We were swimming 3rd and US 8th... (they are our big competitor) So we went to watch them live... and when we saw that we were tied with them we were just so HAPPY!!! We had a few minutes after that to go see our families! So I ran up to them and talked to them for a little while...! That was really cool to have them with me at that moment! We had a short practice for the Free team around 4h30.... We were so excited to go back in the pool and just fight!! So we can be ahead of them and go up in the world ranking. We are now back in the Village and we can't wait to compete tomorrow!! I got up not a long time ago... I'm competing today! Finally, after all that training! It's tech team. I have a thousands things to think about. My hair are up already and half of my make up is done! We are swimming around 3 this afternoon! For the one that wants to watch it live go on ! http://www.cbc.ca/olympics/ Can't wait to swim!!! This morning I had the chance to enjoy our last sleep in before the competition started. I really took the time to rest. My family also had a chance to have special tickets to come and visit the Olympic Village. It was really cool to have them here! At lunch time, I got them Mc Donalds from the cafeteria, while I was eating my little plate of couscous beside them. Oh well, I can't wait t0 treat myself and have some Mcnuggets at the end of my competitions! After they left, we had our daily video session where we focus on what to imprive for the upcoming practice. The spirit was really good and we were really productive. We, then, left all together for the Water Cube to watch the duet final competition. It was really exciting to see the top 12 duets in the World performing back to back and being able to compare them. Right after that, we jumped into our suits for a pratice of an our in the cold pool. It was good the have Marie-Pier (one of the duet girl that also swim in the team) back in the patterns, because she was focusing on duet the 2 days before. We were swimming with only 7 in the patterns. 10 minutes later, we were sitting in special Canada cars to go to the further training pool. The goal today was to do quality on the first time. It took a little while at first, but we got in pretty good by the end. It is now 9 o'clock and we are in a bus going back in the Village, I'm also really looking forward to swim in the competition pool tomorrow and show everyone else what we are made of!!!  Here is a roundup of some post by members of the Chicago Gardeners blogroll. Look over the archives of each of the blog's linked to find their other posts on the show. Chicago Garden Garden Hits and Misses at Chicago Flower and Garden Show . Garden Girl Sun &amp; Moon at Chicago Flower and Garden Show . Sweet Home and Garden Chicago Sneak Preview: Chicago Flower &amp; Garden Show . K-Town Homestead I'd Rather be Gardening . Welcome... The newest members of the Chicago Gardeners blogroll are The Worm Girl News and The Garden at Liberty . If you'd like to become a member of the blogroll simply add http://chicagogardeners.blogspot.com to your blogroll on your blog and send an Email to let us know and we'll add your feed along with the rest of our blogs. With our numbers growing perhaps this year we can have some kind of local garden blog gathering at some point. Save the Date If the Chicago Flower and Garden Show has you searching for more greenery and blooms, you're in luck. Macy's Flower Show returns March 28-April 11, with the theme "Spring Is In The Air." We'll post more details soon. Workshop Get your tools ready for Spring with this tool sharpening workshop at the Wicker Park Garden Club. Saturday, March 20 - 10am-noon or 1pm-3pm - $15 Held in Wicker Park Home - Address Given to Registered Student Reservations: wpgarden@aol.com (773) 278-9075 (Pay at Door) Tool Sharpening Workshop - Richard Tilley, Jim Angrabright, Larry Clary, www.wpgarden.org Learn how to sharpen your pruners, loppers, shovels, and other hand-held garden tools. Bring your hand-held tools-- go home with sharpened tools. Movie "A Chemical Reaction" will be screened at Columbia College Chicago on March 20 . Welcome the newest members of the Chicago Gardeners Blog/FeedRoll. For those of you using Blogger check out the Table of Contents at www.GardenBloggers.com for some tips if you'd like to experiment with modifying your blog's template. City Diggity Balcony gardening in Chicago. Finding My Green Thumb Culinary trained gardening newbie in Chicago The Yarden Established gardener focusing on growing vegetables in Chicago K-Town Homestead Homesteader on Chicago's West Side. The Suburban Gardener Suburban gardener with an appreciation of flowers. Visit http://chicagogardeners.blogspot.com to see the latest posts of all the local garden blogs we're collecting . If you're a garden blogger in Chicago and would like to join the blog/FeedRoll just add a link to this blog in your blogroll or link list and let us know and we'll add your feed to the list of feeds on the right. News February 6 &amp; 13, 2010: Sweet Saturdays at the Garfield Park Conservatory. March 6-14, 2010: The Chicago Flower &amp; Garden Show . Writer and member of Chicago Gardeners, Beth Botts, writes about the budget cuts facing the University of Illinois Extension . Voting for One Seed Chicago is now open. If you live in the Chicagoland area you can visit www.OneSeedChicag o to vote for either Bee Balm, Nodding Onion or Purple Coneflower. The winning seed will then be distributed to all who voted so you can plant them in your garden or in a community garden in your neighborhood. You don't have to be an experienced gardener or even currently own a garden, you just have to have a desire to grow a garden and beautify your surroundings. If you have a blog or website in the Chicagoland area consider writing about One Seed Chicago and tell your readers about who you voted for, why and suggest that they vote too and get free seeds for their garden. You can get a graphic like this one in this post and images for the sidebars of your blog here . If you don't have a blog or website you can share One Seed Chicago with you friends on sites like Facebook and Twitter. Voting closes April 1 2010. For more information visit www.OneSeedChicago.com and Grow Together. Do you live in the Chicagoland area and looking to volunteer with some cool projects? Re-Thinking Soup and the Community Farm (both on the UIC campus) need volunteers. You can see more pictures of the community farm here . About Re-Thinking Soup: Every Tuesday from 12:00-1:00pm, the Hull-House Museum hosts a modern day soup kitchen that is a public and communal event where we gather together and eat delicious, healthy, soup and have fresh, organic conversation about many of the urgent social, cultural, economic and environmental food issues that we should be addressing. Jane Addams was the first American woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize and worked on many issues in her life to create the conditions of peace to flourish. We meet in the historic Residents' Dining Hall, where Upton Sinclair, Ida B. Wells, W.E.B. Du Bois, Gertrude Stein and other important social reformers met to share meals and ideas, debate one another, and conspire to change the world. Activists, farmers, doctors, economists, artists, and guest chefs join us each week to present their knowledge, ideas and projects and foster a space where we can move toward solutions. The mission for the farm reflects our belief that monocultures are undesirable and dangerous for the environment and that promoting a pluralistic society is essential for a healthy democracy. The Heirloom Farm at the Hull-House Museum affirms the link between a healthy, diverse bio-culture that is sustained by varieties of heirloom fruits and vegetables, and a vibrant and diverse culture in society, promoted by artisans, farmers, ethnic restaurants and markets and by the people who support these spaces. YES WE CAN! For information about volunteer opportunities for Re-Thinking Soup or the Community Farm and Garden project, please contact Kelly Saulsberry at ksuzanne@uic.edu or 312.355.4683 Last weekend was the dedication ceremony of the Organic Rooftop Farm at Uncommon Ground on Devon. Four Chicago Gardeners were there to document the event. Chicago Garden Mayor Daley Didn't Answer My Question Garden Girl An Uncommon Rooftop Farm Growing in Chicago The Nation's First Rooftop Organic Farm, in Edgewater My Skinny Garden First Certified Organic Rooftop Farm The Independent Garden Center Show will be in Chicago at Navy Pier August 18-20. We've been in contact with the show and if you are a garden blogger in the area and would like to cover the show send us an Email with your contact info to get registered for a press pass. Include the following info, Name Company name Address City/state/zip Phone Email Web address in an Email to ChicagoGardeners@Gmail.com and we'll pass it on for you. This information will only be used to get you press credentials to the show. Something funny that should be documented occurred on garden blogs across Chicagoland. It was a moment of garden blogger synchronicity This week there was a moment of Chicago gardener synchronicity that occurred across a few Chicago garden bloggers that should be documented. Mr Brown Thumb started the week inside the Garfield Park Conservatory and The Garden of Live Flowers ended the week with a post that started inside the same location. Maybe the rainy weather made them think of drier climates. Chicago Garden looked up and was mesmerized by Northern Catalpa tree blooms and Garden Girl looked up and saw the same flowers and possibilities. Chicago Gardener's Journal harvested garlic scapes and so did My Skinny Garden , maybe they're planning a dinner garden party to surprise us with. In the winter and spring of 2009 an organizing committee consisting of five Chicagoland garden bloggers was formed and organized an event called Chicago Spring Fling. It was a gathering of garden bloggers from across the country. The archive for the event can be found here . For several of us this was the first time we had met in person. After the event we decided we wanted to keep in touch with each other and meet more of our Chicagoland garden bloggers. The Chicago Gardeners blog, right now, serves as a collection of RSS feeds &amp; links to make finding others like us a little bit easier. If you have a garden blog in the Chicagoland area and you want your feed added to the feed pool, simply add the Chicago Gardeners link to your blogroll or blog list and your feed will be added. The RSS pool is not limited just to garden bloggers, garden clubs, Foodies and other groups who publish a feed are welcomed as long as gardening is a large portion of your content. There is also a Flickr pool if you share photos on Flickr. We've set up a Google Group for discussing gardening, blogging issues or pass on information. Note: For some reason the followers through Blogger accounts don't show up on the Google Friend Connect badge. If you've added Chicago Gardeners to your blog list or sidebar and your feed wasn't added leave a comment below or send an Email and you'll be added. Click the title of a particular blog post to read the comments. Yesterday morning I was annoyingly awoken by the changing of the guards, which made me think - maybe I spoke too soon about this normal thing.  When I say changing of the guards, I don't mean the fancy speal they do at Arlington National Cemetery (how great would that be though?).   What I do mean, is that at around 4am-ish the lovely gentleman who so kindly have watched over the house all night and patrolled now go home to their families and taking their place are more nice gentleman.  Really, I am not being facetious, they are very kind.  As the new guards come in, they are instructed to check their guns to ensure they are locked and loaded (ahh, I learn the meaning of locked and loaded! - but shouldn't it be loaded and then locked?).  Well,  we are in The Ghanny, so not everything is in tip top condition, so if you don't spiffy up that gun, you can imagine how many times you might have to ensure it is properly loaded, or locked - heck, I am not even going to pretend I know what they are doing.  All, I know is that they are making that 'chich-chich' noise over and over and over again at 4 FREAKING AM.  It was like a literally wake up call - no, Anna, your life is not normal.  Better yet, the neighbor guards thought this was going to be a musscle fest, so they started flexing too.   Hello, we are sleeping. As several of you know . . . our older cat Jersey passed away in January. Jersey was 16 years old and had used up many of her 9 lives over the years. Liver problems, eating issues, a Hyperthyroid and old age to name a few of her challenges. Her kidneys decided to retire at the end of January. As sad as it was to put her down . . . we new it was time. She was a good girl and I miss her. ~~~~ This left our much younger cat Holly without a feline friend. We were informed by the local Humane Society that her brother was in foster care and would likely be available for adoption at the end of February. Last week we brought home Sidney. . . . Yes, as in "Sidney Crosby" for all you Canadian hockey fans :D. Sid the Kid scored the winning overtime goal for the Canadian Olympic Hockey Team. This active little guy will try his best to live up to his name sake. Looks a lot like his sister ~ don't you think? Double Trouble I guess :D He is 6 months younger though ~ same mother, different litter. ~~~~ Their mother is available at the Ottawa Humane Society if anyone is interested in adopting her. She prefers a family without dogs . . . so we chose the brother instead. As for my wonder pup Cider . . . she can't keep up with all this feline change. Big yawn! Just let me know when everyone is settled in she says. ~~~~ Many beautiful Lace and Linen Bridal Hankies are available in my Etsy Shop . I just love when vintage hankies retain their original stickers ~ Pure Linen ~ Made in Austria. It doesn't get much better than that! I also have the most beautiful Net Lace child's gown. It has a tiny separation at the shoulder that I need to mend before I list it . . . but just look at that lace! Absolutely Gorgeous! I have some Victorian Bloomers to list as well ~ pintucks and lace all around. Irish Crochet is a personal favourite! These hankies are just too pretty to use ~ perfect for your wedding day. I also listed this lovely tablecloth and napkin set recently. My new supervisor . . . she is very quiet and doesn't touch a thing :D She has learned to "stay" and watch while I photograph my work. How good is that ! Well, the meet and greet (existing dog ~ new cat) has been going quite slowly. Sweet little kitty has very sharp claws . . . . and Cider is not used to young cats that run at turbo speed. "Who me?" says Holly. My ability to trim those tiny little claws is also a work in progress. Holly is doing well using her scratching post, but it doesn't really trim her nails. So far the meetings have involved me holding Cider's collar and the cat keeping a respectful distance. We have progressed beyond the peeking door technique . . . but I can't hold the dog and use my camera, lol. I admitted to my daughter this week that I am indeed a bit nervous about the first unrestrained meeting. . . with no leash or collar involved. She assumed I was worried about the kitten (ha!) and recently realized I am actually more worried about the dog. Cider only has experience with declawed, geriatric cats. I think Cider is in for a shock when she discovers that cats do have claws. "OMG!" My daughter exclaimed. . . . "you're more worried about the dog!" Well . . . maybe, I replied. I have seen an upset cat jump on a dog's back before, with all four sets of claws digging in. Not so fun for our canine friends. So . . . slow and steady it goes. In the mean time Cider likes the new food bowls, new plush and feathery cat toys and bouncing balls with bells : ) I have had several requests recently for vintage hats . . . so I added several to my Etsy shop Rhinestones and Feathers . . . White Millinery . . . an Easter Bonnet perhaps. Pretty in Pink ~ Any Time of Year! Some wonderful Flapper shoes from the 1920s ~ Love those beaded Buckles And more velvet with embroidered detail. ~~~ Have a great weekend ~~~~ Thanks for visiting ~~~ ~~~ I have some lovely winter accents and pretty hats for sale in my Etsy Shop . There are still a few months of winter remaining in Canada. Maybe Ottawa should send some snow out West to help with the Winter Olympics. I hear the Apple trees are in blossom in Vancouver. Not so good for winter sports however. So . . . think snow . . . a few more months of winter yet : ) I have some very pretty Wool Scarves. Neutrals and pretty colours. Several nice shawls ~ handmade Crochet and Cashmere . . . Handmade sweaters from Scotland too! Warm and Pretty. ~ A few more months of Winter Woolies in Canada ~ Well . . . our new cat was keen to explore today . . . so what's a pet owner to do? "Do you want to meet the dog?" I asked her. I know you know there IS a dog. Likewise the dog knows there is a new cat. They most certainly know ~ even if they haven't met. So into the cat crate Holly went. I put her up high so she had a good view and would still feel safe. Cider and I have been reviewing our obedience training for the last few days to make sure she has that sit/stay in good form. Can you see Holly peeking out the side of the cat crate? I wish I could see Holly's face in this photo . . . .Wowza ~ what big ears you have! What a good sit-stay, Cider. Let's go back to playing with the 7 pounder for today. Much more relaxing. Jersey seems to have found her inner youth. So far so good : ) Holly's feline kennel cough is gone now so we have been working on introductions for the last few days. All the info I have read online about introducing new pets says to focus on one pet introduction at a time. We have a cat and a dog. Cider is our 80 pound dog. We decided to start small ~ with our little 7 pound cat. She's 15 years old and the living room is one of her favorite places to hang out . It is quiet and has lots of sunbeams from 9:00am to 3:00pm. This information was quickly shared with the new arrival. Today they made some progress. I'll let you sit on my chair with "my pillow" . . . . If I get first choice of any sunbeam I want. OK . . . . I'm easy to get along with. Relaxing in the proximity of the new pet is considered a very good sign. Jersey is right below this chair ~ so they are very close together. ~~~~ Now tell me about that dog that lives here . . . . (Oh . . . that's next week's lesson I think!) Back to work after the holidays ~ All the decorations are down and put away. It was nice to get back to work. I listed six coats today in my Ciderantiques Etsy Shop . I also paid a visit to the Background Fairy after seeing all her pretty backgrounds in blogland. I am having fun playing around with all the pretty options. Thank you Background Fairy! The coats and capes have all passed local inspection :D I have wool coats, capes and faux prints. Several different sizes to choose from. Mostly from the 1960s. Yep . . . definitely faux fur . . . says my helper. Hope you are warm and cozy ~ it was certainly cold here today. HeyheyMy name is Astrovirus.Astroviridae is my family.I have star-like points that gave me my astronomical name. I move around through fecal-oral transmission.I love kids, daycare workers and soldiers.I also like the elderly and people with poor immune systems.  I cause gastroenteritis with diarrhoea, pain and vomiting. I am milder than my friends Norovirus and Rotavirus. I won't dehydrate you as much. Hey, I'm Adenovirus.I'm from the Adenoviridae family.I have many special talents.In the lungs I cause Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome.I hang with infants and soldiers.In the eyes I give you a contagious conjunctivitis.You can also get 'swimming pool conjunctivitis' from me.I can cause gastroenteritis, especially in kids.They have fever, vomiting and diarrhoea.I also like the urinary tract.I can cause acute haemorrhagic cystitis in boys.I may play a role in coeliac disease and intersusseption.Plus I am sometimes seen in myocarditis.Phew! I'm very busy. HiMy name is RotavirusI'm from the Reoviridae family.I am the most common cause of gastroenteritis in kids.I love children under 4 four year old.I am biggest in the colder seasons.I cause diarrhoea.I also give the kids fever, nausea and vomiting.I'm very common, but don't let that fool you.My diarrhoea can be severe.I can kill if I'm not looked after. Hi there.My name is NorovirusI'm a caliciviridea family virus.I used to be called Norfolk virus, after visiting the city of Norfolk.I cause gastroenteritis.I make people nauseous The pots of giant amaryllis bulbs are lined up in a row in front of the eastern windows. All year long I wait, water and watch. It starts sometime in January when the first little green nub starts to push up through the dark soil. I wait more and check the other pots to see if there are any more tentative green shoots. Within the next month they all start to push upward in various stages. Usually the giant crimson flowers are first with the lightly blushing pink ones last. The display goes on in the eastern light for weeks filling my home with various shades of crimson, scarlet, white, and pink until finally the last bloom fades and they all rest once again. First Kiss The first tender color of blushing red emerges from an amaryllis bud. click here for purchase information on this photo Deep Kiss A brilliant red amaryllis is deeply revealed in intimate detail. click here for purchase information on this photo Flaming Bud An amaryllis bud in flaming colors of red, orange and yellow emerges into the spring light. click here for purchase information on this photo Red Flower Photo Set -8x10 Set of Three Photographs click here for purchase information on this set of photos Etsy Buy Handmade JulieMagersSoulen "Mad as a March Hare " was a common phrase in Lewis Carroll's time and thus was born the character in his famous book, Alice in Wonderland . I have always loved this book as well as the companion book, Through the Looking Glass , since I was a child. So naturally I had to see the recent Alice in Wonderland movie starring Johnny Depp and Helena Bonham Carter. I was charmed by Tim Burton's original approach to the characters of Wonderland. So in honor of March and the irrepressible hare, here are a few of my favorites from the handmade artisans of Etsy. Blackberry Blackberry is a sensitive, serious rabbit. He is concerned about global warming and endangered species. click here for purchase information on this print amberalexander hold me original 5x7 black and white photograph click here for purchase information on this photo allieart4children Bunny Foo Foo Locket This adorable locket features a hand finished antique brass / bronze vintage bunny rabbit on a vintage basket weave brass locket. click here for purchase information on this locket envisage Bunny Beanie This sweet bunny beanie is here just in time for Easter! It comes in either white or brown for boys and girls! click here for purchase information on this infant hat SweetLoveCreates Etsy Buy Handmade JulieMagersSoulen It was a gentle walk along the beginnings of the Colorado River. Dad was with us and at 70 was not up for climbing a mountain, but he was beaming from ear to ear to be in the mountains. We stopped often, looking at a small flower, commenting on the clear mountain water in the small stream that would turn into a mighty river. The clouds rolled in just as we reached a beaver pond. The mound of branches in the middle of the pond looked fresh and evidence surrounded us of this little animal's industriousness. Then it happened. Gentle drops began to fall. They left their beautiful mark on the still water and then disappeared. It was a moment I will always cherish. Summer Rain A summer walk along the Colorado River in Rocky Mountain National Park started out warm and sunny. A small isolated rain shower started at the same time we reached a beaver pond giving me this photographic opportunity. click here for purchase information on this photo Etsy Buy Handmade JulieMagersSoulen Spring is coming. Can you smell it in the air? I can. It puts a bounce in my step and anticipation in my heart. The spring wildflowers in the Rocky Mountains are spectacular when the winter snows are deep. This should be a very good year. One of my favorites, Indian Paintbrush or sometimes called Prairie Fire, grows at high elevations and low. Spring will come and new paintbrush will sprout. I can't wait! Ruby Jewel This bright and cheery photo of Indian Paintbrush was taken in Colorado's remote high country near Ruby Jewel Lake at an elevation of 11,000 feet. click here for purchase information on this photo Paintbrush Cliff A brilliant red patch of Indian paintbrush grows between the rocks in a cliff at Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado. click here for purchase information on this photo Rocky Paintbrush Indian paintbrush grows on a rocky slope in northern Colorado. Paintbrush Log Indian paintbrush springs up beside and old log. Etsy Buy Handmade JulieMagersSoulen It is time for Friday Features and I wanted to share some of my favorite artisans on Etsy . Each of these skilled technicians is an expert at their craft. There are many more fabulous items in their shops so be sure to have fun browsing by clicking on their links. Solid 18k Yellow Gold Hammered Hoop Earrings Hoops are a staple in everyone's wardrobe and a classic that goes with everything. click here for purchase information on these earrings msbelle Etsy Shop Ford Vintage Classic Car Archer Radiator Cap Ford Archer Classic Car is a 5 x 7 photograph matted to 8 x 10, almost a Black &amp; White, comes in a clear plastic sleeve ready to frame. click here for purchase information on this photo Celticcatphotos Etsy Shop Coffee Cup Cozy Make your coffee or tea not only taste good, but also look and feel good. Forget those nasty standard paper sleeves and try something soft, natural and truly unique. click here for purchase information on this cup cozy natalya1905 Etsy Shop Drizzle Earrings Sterling silver and carnelians. This piece is part of the Circles and Knots line. click here for purchase information on these earrings aroluna Etsy Shop ACEO Venetian Carnival Mask This is an ACEO photo art collecting card of an exquisite white and gold mask from Venice. This is the second in my series of Mask photos from Venice. click here for purchase information on this photograph LDphotography Etsy Shop Etsy Buy Handmade JulieMagersSoulen According to astrology some of us are ruled by the sun and some by the moon, not to mention many other planets. The sun is hot, dry and masculine in nature; whereas the moon is associated with the feminine and dark energies. There are sun worshipers and folk that like to howl at the moon. We have early risers and night owls. Whichever group you prefer I hope that my photographs bring light to your day or your night. Tell me which of our celestial bodies brings out the best in you. Sunrise A brilliant red sunrise is an abstract explosion of bright red with a silhouette of the horizon and will look perfect as an accent piece in your decor. click here for purchase information on this photo Moonrise A glowing blue moonrise is an abstract explosion of color with a silhouette of the horizon and will look perfect as an accent piece in your decor. click here for purchase information on this photo Sunrise Moonrise Photo Set Two different presentations of a rising glowing sun or moon against a dark horizon. One brilliant red the other illuminating blue. click here for purchase information on this photo set Etsy Buy Handmade JulieMagersSoulen Grandmother Pine stands where the cold winter wind blows the strongest. The gale is channeled up a steep narrow canyon and breaks over the ridge exactly where she stands. Her trunk is thick and twisted. Her branches are short and sturdy. She barely notices the brutal blast that pushes me about like the fragile being that I am. She offers sanctuary to every creature under her thick boughs where the air is quiet and the light dim. She stands protectively over all who accept her embrace. Thank you for your shelter, Grandmother Pine. Thank you for your patience regarding my computer difficulties. I am up and running smoothly again, although a bit behind. So my return is a little slow, but I will catch up and have many new photographs as the week progresses. Check back often. Grandmother Pine An ancient and twisted ponderosa pine has withstood time and the severe weather on a mountaintop in Colorado. click here for purchase information on this photo Etsy Buy Handmade JulieMagersSoulen It finally happened. I'm having computer difficulties. Please accept my apologies! I hope you enjoy this earlier published post on some of my water photography. SPLASH! (February 2009) I am an earth mama with a water spirit heart. Living in the Colorado Rocky Mountains gives me sustenance for my earth side. Their solid permanence gives me strength. But once in awhile my water spirit thirsts for salty oceans, serene lakes, and rivers wet and wild. I have not had my ocean fix recently but instead have found untamed waters and calm shores right here in Colorado. The first two photos were taken in Rocky Mountain National Park on a summer hike next to the St. Vrain River. It has been my favorite river in the park since I first discovered it in 1975. And as the surrounding terrain changes from fires and natural selection, the river still rages down the steep mountainside careening over the same rocks. I find timeless energy there. The last photo is of Horsetooth Reservoir just west of Fort Collins, Colorado. It is about four miles east of my mountain home and I can see it out my windows with the morning sun reflecting golden off its surface or a full moon making it a pool of pale light. High Country Cascades The day was warm and sunny on our hike along the St. Vrain River in Rocky Mountain NP. The water was cascading and spraying when I spotted a small plant, moss, and lichen clinging to a boulder. click here for purchase information on this photo Rushing Water Swirling and turbulent frigid mountain water careens by a large boulder in the St. Vrain River in Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado. click here for purchase information on this photo April Terns - ON SALE! LIMITED ONE TIME OFFER OF A FREE OFF WHITE DOUBLE MATTE WITH THIS PURCHASE. THIS IS A $20.00 VALUE! FRAME SIZE 16X20. click here for purchase information on this photo Etsy Buy Handmade JulieMagersSoulen g ready to head out, we recieved an invite to preview an art gallery that was getting ready for 'Dia de los Muertos'. Besides it presented me with an opportunity to take more pics! Dia de los Muertos also known as The Day of the Dead, is a holiday celebrated in Mexico and by Latin Americans living in the United States and Canada. The holiday focuses on gatherings of family and friends to pray for and remember friends and family members who have died. The celebration occurs on November 1st, and 2nd in connection with the Catholic holiday of All Saints' Day which occurs on November 1st and All Souls' Day which occurs on November 2nd. Traditions include building private altars honoring the deceased, using sugar skulls, marigolds, and the favorite foods and beverages of the departed, and visiting graves with these gifts.   We actually enjoyed our visit at the art gallery as well as the rest of our ride. I still have alot to learn about my camera and hope to post more often. Thanks for stopping by! Remember my post back in April, about The Cherylann of the Hotel Jeffrey Benefit? Well Cherylann posted this comment to me October 14th and I decided to post it.Sheila &amp; Friends,What a pleasure running across your site!Thank-you sooo much for being a part of the benefit run that my friends put on in April. What an amazing day filled with soooo many familiar faces and...some new ones. Guests who have frequented our saloon &amp; grill and stayed in our hotel since we bought it in 2003 Iris sent in this photo of a beautiful Basil Mung Bean Salad she made. "It's simple to make, but tastes delicious!" Find the recipe at The Daily Dietribe . Ishita writes, "This beautiful stir fry is the base for my special Thai curry whose recipe I make up every time I cook! "Just look at the colors! What's not to like? Cooking with color is the best part of creating my own meals, and it keeps my diet well balanced and me happy!" Ventures With Veggies made this colorful tabouleh-inspired salad with leftover quinoa, diced carrots, cucumber, peppers, and some diced apple and raisins for sweetness. "The result was tasty, delicious, healthy, and filling!" Check out the recipe, called Hippie Tabouleh! More oven roasted goodness! Molly Lee writes, "I made these oven-roasted brussels sprouts for dinner tonight. They were incredible! I think even people who think they don't like brussels sprouts would enjoy these... "To make them, cut off the brown ends of your fresh sprouts and any old-looking leaves. Drop them into boiling water and cover. After 3 minutes, drain them quickly and replace the water with cold water to stop them from overcooking. "Cut in half and toss with some olive oil and salt. Lay them out in a single layer on a baking sheet and put in a hot, 425 degree oven, for about 30 minutes, stirring them around occasionally. "Remove when they're gorgeously brown. They're incredible!" Hi Jennifer, Iris at The Daily Diettribe writes, "I've been making Roasted Acorn Squash and Brussels Sprouts a lot lately. Adding just a drizzle of olive oil, salt, and pepper, and allowing it to roast until it begins to caramelize creates a sweet and delicious snack. And the brussel sprouts taste great cold the next day!" Follow the link above to the recipe! Selene writes, "Oven roasted vegetables are one of my favourite dishes to make, because it's such an easy and tasty way to get tons of veggies. Here I've paired it with a creamy garlic-y cashew sauce." Recipe at Veganlicious ! Amy wrote in to share another one with us: "I just made this and felt that someone who appreciates food and health combined should see it! I call it the SULTAN. I wrapped it up and it was unbelievably delicious, and RAW! It was made with soaked buckwheat, and lemon, coriander, sea salt, golden curry powder, tomato, cumin, and some reverse osmosis water to make it easier to blend." Jaylyn from Lipstick & Granola writes, "This was my yummy dinner the other night: white potatoes and garlic, fresh from the farmers market (yes, we have one in the winter)! I simply roasted the potatoes and garlic in the oven with pine nuts, olive oil, salt, and pepper, and served them on top of steamed Swiss chard. The flavors went perfectly together!" This man made-do with whatever was handy. The poor guy was splashed repeatedly by passing traffic. Well, that's how a friend of mine refers to The Captain's Arms, a local pub that's jumping once the weather turns cooler in Abu Dhabi. Like almost all liquor-serving establishments, it's located in a hotel (private clubs can serve, as well). These photos, taken with my camera phone after a few tasty pints, are of a 3 man band that starts in the Italian restaurant directly beside the Captain's Arms (Papagallo's) and eventually wanders over to pub's customers playing pretty much any song you request. Give them a 20 or 30 dirhams, and they'll hang around your table for a few extra songs. Oh, how the 'kids' love these! They zip, they zoom, and they generally annoy...especially if you're in the desert and trying to keep your activity of duning a safe one. I posted a cooler dune buggy shot here. I felt it worthy of a post. These photos were taken by my mother in Ohio. If you haven't seen the stories, the east coast of the US (all the way down to Florida) has been hit with record-breaking lows, while up north they've been dumped on with snow. My parents live in what Great Lakes folks like to call the snow belt. These photos are evidence of the snow belt.Those are deck chairs and table covered in snow.   Format: Trade Paperback, 208 pages Publisher: Other Press ISBN : 978-1-59051-326-2 (1-59051-326-6) Pub Date: June 30, 2009 Price: $18.95 In recent years, there has been no shortage of expat-written nonfiction books set in Beijing, but fiction in the same category is hard to come by. That is why Jonathan Tel's new story collection, The Beijing of Possibilities , caught my eye the moment I saw it on the Commonwealth Writers' Prize 2010 short list (thanks, Leela Soma and Rob) . It's a slim little volume with a most intriguing cover art of a pretty Chinese lady with what appears to be sightless eyes. When friends and I first saw the cover design we had a nice discussion of what that might signify...was she looking "inside" herself or was she deliberately refusing to "see" that which is obvious to everyone else? Don't you just love cover art that intrigues? I did some research on the art and found out it has been taken from the Reed Darmon collection. Reed Darmon is the person responsible for the "Made in China" graphics book and you can learn more about it here . To come back to the stories...all twelve invoke Beijing in some way or the other even if the stories themselves vary widely in time period and location. The most notable aspect of Tel's storytelling is how he recounts modern facts about China but interwoven with Chinese folk tales (and superstitions). The Monkey Legend seems to be his favorite one and the first story of the collection "Year of the Gorilla" begins with the sentence, "It's been a while since the Monkey King set out on his Journey to the West" , with "A Journey to the West" being the title of this much-loved legend and folk tale. Another trait I noticed is his ability to blend old China with the new and no story illustrates that better than " The Most Beautiful Woman In China.¡± which links together two thousand years of Chinese history, while being set in Beijing today! One generic character that makes his or her appearance in many of the stories is the 'Chinese migrant' and after reading a lot of topical articles on China I have come to the realization that Beijing, even more than Shanghai, is a mecca for the Chinese people...it is the land of opportunity, the land where dreams come true or as Tel himself describes in the title, it is the land full of possibilities. "Beijing is the center of the universe. Ask anybody who lives there. ¡°The true Beijinger secretly believes that people living anywhere else have to be, in some sense, kidding.¡± ¡ªin a foreword by Helan Xiao One of my favorite migrant characters in this collection is from the title story. Miss Xu is a fisherman's daughter but "foster" mother to the child of a young couple in Beijing. The couple have hired Miss Xu to look after their as-yet-unborn child because they are too busy to care for the child themselves..in ten or twelve years time they'll be ready to take the child to live with them. Unfortunately the child dies before they could hand it over to Miss Xu but because she had been registered in Bejing as a "foster mother" Miss Xu lands herself an unexpected ticket to residency in Beijing which is to most Chinese what an American green card is to refugees! Ofcourse, being a "hick" from Hainan (a sleepy little fishing village) she was treated as an outcast in Beijing which makes for a very moving story. Tel also has this ability to infuse his stories with playful plots and language. Amusing, but a little sad too, is "The Book of Auspicious and Inauspicious Dreams" where a young, modern couple, during renovations to their 1960's home, chance upon a rusty tin of souvenirs buried in a wall of their suburban Beijing house. Realizing it must belong to the previous owner they do everything to try to return the tin, only to be met with exclamations of protests from the previous owner who insisted she had never laid eyes on the tin before and that she "loved Chairman Mao more than her own mother and father" which reminds the reader of a turbulent time in China's history where to be a lover of the arts or to have "western" things meant having a "bourgeois" background which in turn meant being sent to the villages for "reeducation"...something that was a tough and humiliating experience for most intellectuals. I found a couple of the stories had the overall effect of looking at a subtly distorted mirror but for the most part Tel's prose and plots are smart, entertaining, observant and insightful. It's most definitely a collection to cherish . Oh, and before I go...I haven't been able to explain the girl on the cover. My best guess is that she is "Little Yu" from the heart warmingly sad story, "The Three Lives of Little Yu" about a childless couple who adopt a little girl whom they call "Yu" only to have her snatched away by the god of death. They adopt a second girl and call her "Yu" too, but the same fate awaits her. When the third girl, again called "Yu" enters their family it is implied that she is a reincarnation of the previous little girls. So could the girl on the cover have been Yu between her lives on earth? I guess I am getting carried away. I'll bet you not even Jonathan Tel thought about his cover as much as I have! :) Oh and whatever you do, don't miss the last story....there's a nice twist in the tale there, a brilliant narrative coup! Two insightful reviews that might interest you are: L. Dean Murphy at The Book Reporter and Happy Reader at Book Closet And finally, some entertainment! A clip from the pop opera, "Monkey: Journey to the West" (Coming soon: 08 April in the UK and 29June in the US) For a polygamist like Baba Segi , his collection of wives and a gaggle of children are the symbol of prosperity, success and validation of his manhood. Everything runs reasonably smoothly in the patriarchal home, until wife number four intrudes on this family romance. Bolanle , a graduate amongst the semi-literate wives, is hated from the start. Baba Segi's glee at bagging a graduate doesn't help matters. Worse, Bolanle's arrival threatens to do more than simply ruffle feathers. She's unwittingly set to expose a secret that her co-wives intend to protect, at all costs. Lola Shoneyin's light and ironic touch exposes not only the rotten innards of Baba Segi's polygamous household in this cleverly plotted story; it also shows how women no educated or semi-literate, women in contemporary Nigeria can be as restricted, controlled and damaged by men - be they fathers, husbands, uncles, rapists - as they've never been. Harper Collins Canada Downtown Mogadishu today is beat-up and bone-white from the sun and a coating of dust. It is overlaid with a deceptive grid of empty streets. Most buildings are ransacked shells frozen in time or have simply vanished. Today, when we think of Somalia we think civil war, Somali pirates, Islamic fundamentalism, so how very refreshing to chance upon "Black Mamba Boy" which takes us back to a thriving Somalia of yesteryear, and not just Somalia, but Djibouti, Sudan, Eritrea, Egypt...a veritable tour of North-East Africa in the mid-30's. Let me explain: "Black Mamba Boy"by Somali-British author Nadifa Mohamed is based on the true story of the author¡¯s father¡¯s life. Opening in 1930's Aden we are introduced to Jama, a ten year-old Somali boy, a street kid, whose mother dies unexpectedly thus leaving him alone in this world. " Jama is forced home to his native Somalia, the land of his nomadic ancestors. War is on the horizon and the fascist Italian forces who control parts of east Africa are preparing for battle. Yet Jama cannot rest until he discovers whether his father, who has been absent from his life since he was a baby, is alive somewhere. And so begins an epic journey which will take Jama north through Djibouti, war-torn Eritrea and Sudan, to Egypt. And from there, aboard a ship transporting Jewish refugees just released from German concentration camp, across the seas to Britain and freedom." OK, my challenge here as a "reviewer" is how to give you my impressions without gushing or using a great many superlatives, so I'll just say this: if you choose to read the book, you're in for an amazing ride through the dusty, noisy but bustling streets of the some of the most important cities of North East Africa in the '30's. From the vast sandy deserts of Sudan to narrow busy alleys in Somalia, from the tree-lined manicured boulevards of Djibouti to the emerald-green landscape with juicy mango trees of Abyssinia, you will see it all! Mohamed's prose zings with the vibrancy of North African life, an unfamiliar landscape of strange tribes and tongues, bizarre rituals, superstitions and tribal kinship. The sensitive way in which she handles Jama's relationships with his family and kinsmen, tugs at one's heartstrings. In a historical context I cannot vouch for Mohamed's accuracy because I know so little about that area and in that time period, but it is told so well, you get completely swept up by the events and happenings. But central to the story is suffering...the suffering of the African people at the hands of their colonizers. Mohamed's acute and unsparing descriptive powers render vivid everything from Aden street chaos to traditional Palestinian wedding in Khan Younis, but her clipped depiction of the death by torture of a young Somalian man at the hands of two drunk Italians made me gasp out loud and pushed me way out of my comfort zone into a place I wasn't sure I wanted to be. And that's not a bad thing because when I read I want to be astonished, I want to be moved, I want to be shaken to the core and Mohamed succeeds in doing this. Having said all this though, for me, the most moving part of the account is when Jama finds employment as a deck hand on board the "Runnymede Park" at Haifa, Palestine. "Runnymede Park" was a British prison ship carrying thousands of Jewish refugees originally from Auschwitz, Bergen-Belsen and Treblinka who were denied permission to disembark in Palestine (their Promised Land) but instead taken back to Europe to be made an example out of (thereby deterring other would-be Jewish immigrants from making the trip to Palestine). Her descriptions of the agony (physical and mental) that the poor refugees suffered are so vivid, I could literally hear the crash of broken dreams and feel the dejection in my own chest. If you enjoy Africa, history, travel (the story weaves its way through a labyrinth of countries), stories of exile and survival...this one is definitely for you! Hardcover: 368 pages Publisher: Little, Brown and Company; 1 edition (Jun 9 2008) Language : English "Luxurious Hearses" is this ( "Say You're One of Them") collection's fourth and longest story but perhaps its most important. I see it as important because more than any other story I have read here so far, it is this one that brings to life the political, economic and religious strife we read so much about in Africa. The story, set in Nigeria , illuminates the political situation of Nigeria, the poverty of the people in the Nigerian Delta, the tension between the Muslims in the North and the Christians in the south and what happens when innocent people get caught in between. After you read this longish nouvella you come away, seeing with new eyes why every now and again Nigeria plunges into Muslim-Christian riots and why, despite all the oil that Nigeria possesses, its people are so poor. Our protagonist in this story is a 16-year old boy called Jubril who is forced to head south (towards the Christian part of Nigeria) after riots broke out in his very-Muslim city of Khamfa which is in the north. Ordinarily Jubril may not have had to run away, but when his own Muslim friends turned against him for having a Christian father (whom he had never seen or known) he decided that if he was interested in saving his life it would be prudent for him to leave his town and Muslim mother (and her family) and head south to be reunited with his Christian dad. The story of his journey from the North to South in the midst of some of the worst religious riots Nigeria has ever seen with a host of wonderfully- colourful characters that are his bus companions; his fears and insecurities about heading to a part of the country that is so alien to him and his perpetual fear of being found out as a Muslim in bus full of Christian refugees is riveting, suspenseful and unputdownable! The reader is as tense as Jubril who is forced to try and blend in with the other people on the bus, a task made much more difficult because his right hand was lopped off when he was arrested for stealing a goat months before. As always, Akpan's writing holds you spellbound. Most of the story takes place on the bus with occasional flashbacks to Jubrail's life in Khamfa before he had to flee. As a reader you are privy to all the conversations that place on the bus...the fears, egos, anger and other emotions that the passengers bring with them; power dynamics between the well off and the not so well off,the sick and the healthy. Many a time, like Oprah, I got so claustrophobic from being on that bus I had this strong urge to jump off and yet, the writing and the thought of what might happen next kept me glued to the pages. "An Ex-Mas Feast" was audacious, "The Fattening of Gabon" was downright sad, but "Luxurious Hearses" is gruesome. You're going to need a strong stomach to endure the second half of the novel. Gruesome it might be but at no point do you get the feeling the author is aiming for sensationalism, instead, you come away feeling deeply for the characters, the victims and the persecutors alike, for you come to understand that each man is simply doing all he can to survive. Since each of the five stories in this book are set in different countries in Africa, you might want to use Howard French's "A Continent for the Taking" or even Richard Dowden's "Africa: Altered States, Ordinary Miracles" as a companion read. I found both very helpful in explaining Africa to me. "Fattening for Gabon" is Uwem Akpan's second story (nouvella length at 130 pages) in the collection, "Say You're One of Them" . It starts off innocently enough with a young (10-year old) boy narrating how his maternal uncle offers to take him and his 5-year old sister to live with him on the border of Benin and Gabon because the boy's parents are dying of AIDS and too poor and sick to look after the children, but the story very gradually starts to take on a sinister tone which gets completely brutal towards the end. ¡°Selling your child or nephew could be more difficult than selling other kids¡± : that is the blunt line with which ¡°Fattening for Gabon¡± begins. I wish so much Akpan hadn't used that opening line because it really does give it all away. The story is so beautifully written that had Akpan waited to reveal this, say about halfway through the story, I think the reader would have been shaken to the core (and which reader doesn't mind being shaken?) Anyway, what's done is done and this other child-narrated story succeeds in provoking the whole gamut of emotions, from incredulity to disgust and from confusion to absolute fear in the reader. For me, the biggest issue here was child manipulation, I could have screamed at all of the adults in this story and cheerfully lined up against a wall to be shot. I know, I know some of you might think I am over reacting but you know, when Uwem Akpan was interviewed he stated that all these stories were drawn from real people he met and counselled in his years as a Jesuit Priest. Just to know that there are adults like this makes my blood boil. Again, as in the previous story, one of Akpan's strengths is in how he slips into the skins of his characters no matter what gender or age they might be. He also has such a gift for description and narration. There are several scenes that stand out for me in this story, the main one being the Thanksgiving service at church that Fofo Kpee(the uncle) organizes in order to give thanks for his (ill-begotten) gain. Akpan describes the procession, the dancing, the characters, their clothes, the gifts, the priest's invocations, the offertory to god and the elation the family feels to be given so much importance on that day, so vividly it is literally like watching the service unfold on a cinematic screen. What a writer this man is! Something I liked very much (and that's probably because I listened to this on audio as well as read it in print) is Akpan's frequent use of the local dialect in the dialogue. Four colloquial languages were used in this particular story...English, French Idaatcha and Egun sometimes in the same paragraph. I have spoken to people who found that distracting...not me!!! I guess knowing a little French does help speed the read along. Last, but not least...the title is very conversation-worthy...but that, I'm afraid, will be a whole different post! If you would like to read an excerpt from "Fattening of Gabon"..please go here Or you might want to watch the Oprah Book Club interview and book discussion with the author here Hardcover: 368 pages Publisher: Little, Brown and Company; 1 edition (Jun 9 2008) Language : English "Say You Are One of Them " by Uwem Akpan (a former Jesuit Priest) is a short story collection (picked by Oprah for her book club) that pays tribute to the wisdom and resilience of children, even in the face of the most agonizing circumstances. All the stories in this collection can be read as stand-alone stories and because they are all so stunning, revealing and heartbreaking I feel like they deserve to be written about individually rather than together, so I here I go with a few thoughts on the first story and a link to where you can read the story for yourself: "An Ex-Mas Feast" , about a very young child prostitute and set in a slum in Nairobi, can be a tough story to read and if you're feeling particularly fragile it is, perhaps, not a story you will want to read. It's about tough situations and people just trying to do their best with the rotten cards they've been dealt. Although the lives of these protagonists and their stories will leave you shaking your head, Akpan makes no judgement on his characters and neither must you. Although this is a short story, Akpan manages to bring up several important issues like the importance of education in finding a way out of poverty, hunger, survival, family bonds and the importance of family especially at festival time. To read the full story in the New Yorker, please go here For an indepth review of this particular story please go here Paperback: 272 pages Publisher: You Write On (8 Dec 2008) Language English Oft late, there has been a surge of books that claim to strike at the heart of the Indian immigrant experience and many of them do, like Jhumpa Lahiri's "Unaccustomed Earth" , Manju Kapur's "The Immigrant" , Bharati Mukherjee's "Desirable Daughters" etc. But most of these novels are set either in the US or in England, so when I heard about Indo-Scot writer Leela Soma's novel set both in Glasgow and Chennai (Madras), I knew it was going to be unusual and different because I don't think I've ever read the experiences of an Indian immigrant in Glasgow before! The central characters, Ram and Sita, are brought together by their families in what is commonly known as an "arranged marriage" in India. Although Sita is a well educated, independent young woman who longs to fall in love, she allows herself to be talked into marriage with Ram a young medic based in Glasgow because she knows that is what is expected of her. I thought Soma captured very well the painful familial expectations that all of us growing up in India have experienced. Unfortunately for the couple they have nothing in common. Ram is a fastidious and earnest young man who has a hard time showing his emotions. Sita is a vivacious, intelligent, chatty and emotional young lady who simply cannot understand why Ram cannot be more demonstrative, caring or expressive. Unlike some of the other books with immigration as a theme, Sita doesn't have major problems adjusting to her new life in Glasgow. After all, she is a convent-educated young girl steeped in an English education that was primed and prepared for Cambridge".. .an Indian in every outward way, but with the thoughts and aspirations of a liberally-educated middle class westerner. " What she cannot come to terms with is having a marriage devoid of romance. Sita and Ram soon get caught up in their separate lives but continue to be bound together by duty, familial and societal expectations, their daughter Uma and other cultural trappings. Soma carefully unravels the story of this stifling, but moving marriage. She does so without melodrama and with careful attention to the couple¡¯s mundane moments of tenderness. Both characters are extremely likable but both have their flaws and I found it impossible to take sides. The two are ably supported by a chorus of other great characters like BB , the resident old gossip; Lata , Sita's best friend and confidante; Eileen , a wee Scottish lass who marries a Muslim doctor only to regret it and Neil , Sita's paramour. Beyond the marriage and family, this novel deals with the momentous themes of love and belonging, it is also an examination of immigration, identity, walking the tightrope between two distinct cultures and so on. Most immigrants inhabit an in-between space that is a little difficult to describe, but Leela, being an immigrant herself has ably captured and given life to that space when she says (and I paraphrase), An immigrant's affection for his or her adopted country and its people ranges from highs to lows. On days when homesickness prevails nothing seems right with the city...on the other hand, the sheer freedom of being able to live life away from the watchful eyes of society and family back home can be exhilarating! I thought Soma very ably introduces her readers to Glasgow, a city many of us are not so familiar with and I thought her idea of introducing colloquial Scottish phrases through the book helped steep the narrative in local flavour. The history and anthropological buffs amongst us will be quite impressed at how the Scots and the people of Madras influenced each other. Much of the story is set against the political landscape of Sccotland from the 1970's to the present day and that makes for interesting reading too. This is a story of immigration in the late '70's (1979) to be precise and having emigrated from India to Canada in 2001 I found it very interesting to compare Sita's immigration experience with mine. I think it's so much easier today...for one thing, staying in touch with the home country is a cinch because of the internet, also, one never has to crave for home food or cooking supplies as almost every neighborhood has its own ethnic stores, not to mention cable television companies that beam programmes from India right into your living room. Sita had to wait weeks to make a "trunk-call" when she wanted to speak to her parents...however, I think it made for a more determined assimilation into one's adopted culture. Today, many immigrants continue to live exactly as they did at home. They don't feel the need to assimilate and many are not encouraged to. Good thing? Bad thing? I guess only time will tell. Do pick up a copy (available from Amazon and Book Depository) and treat yourself to this delightful read! To read an interview with Leela Soma, please go here Category: Fiction Format: Hardcover, 288 pages Publisher: Bond Street Books ISBN: 978-0-385-66530-8 (0-385-66530-X) Pub Date: February 10, 2009 Price: $29.95 The Bible tells us Jesus Christ gave up his life for humankind and indeed, being prepared to give up one's life has become the greatest expression of love between lovers, a parent and child and sometimes even best friends. Having said that, however, I'd like to ask you this: what is the biggest sacrifice you would make, not for a friend, a lover or even a family member, but for a stranger, someone you don't know, someone you will gain nothing from? Now that's a tough one, isn't it? Some people are driven to altruistic lengths to help a stranger in need. Many will donate money and time, or both. Some will make radical donations of a healthy kidney or liver to to people in need. Buddhists are well known for a ritual where they take on other people's sufferings, but all these actions, wonderful as they are, are usually premeditated and the giver has had time for prepare himself or herself for this sacrificial gift. Would we be as giving if we're taken by surprise and with an urgency that leaves no room for thinking or planning? "Little Bee" is the story of two such strangers and how their fates intertwine one fateful summer's day in Nigeria. The central theme of the story examines how despite deep-seated convictions, life unfairly places a disproportionate emphasis on the decisions we make in split seconds. Other prominent themes in the book include asylum seekers, the state of detention centers in the UK and issues a challenge to its readers to ponder why the word "refugee" has become such an ugly word in today's parlance. For instance, why is it that in late 60's and even early '70's defectors from the then USSR, or other European communists state were cheered on and even celebrated as heroes, but today we balk at having to share our resources with their countrymen. Why do we treat refugees as criminals, locking them away until their cases can be heard? Why do their cases take so long to hear? The novel is a bittersweet one and told in two voices (the two main female protagonists that we spoke of earlier in the review). This works well because the two women are from opposite sides of the great class divide and by hearing both their voices the reader gets a dual perspective instead of just one. About the characters, I am not sure I could be friends with any of them in real life, but they made for great character studies! So, to summarize, this is a novel that is sad and yet funny; serious and yet light-hearted; heavy and yet it's only a wisp of a novel...overall a lovely reading experience! This novel is called "The Other Hand" in the UK and in India and the rest of the sub-continent. Anyone know why novels are sometimes given different titles in different parts of the world? The last week was all over the board for me. Every time I thought I had it under control again, it wriggled free, kicked me in the shins and ran away laughing. I hate weeks like that, but they offer perspective too. At one point, today, after feeling particularly "Monday" in attitude, it occurred to me how much better this Monday is than the last one. It was while I was playing (eternal) catch-up on some blog reading. I was reading Cass Just Curious . Her blog is special. Something about the way she writes--and the photos, oh the photos!--just...speaks to me. I felt lighter. Perspective is a funny thing. We're so entrenched in what's happening Right Now, that sometimes we forget how much and how often things can change. A bad day today doesn't -have- to mean a bad day tomorrow. Or a bad week as the case may be. Last week is in the books. This week, I'm going back to being sunshiny. 1. First movie quote to pop into your head right now: Reporter at Spring Training: Where do the Sox rank in terms of importance in your life? Ben: I say the Red Sox... sex... and breathing. (Fever Pitch) 2. What was your fourth grade teacher's name? Mrs. Raap. 3. Have you ever been to Denver? Only if being in the airport counts. And that was also one pain-in-the-rear airport. It's one long strip, which means if your gate numbers are far apart, they are -really- far apart. 4. What is your favorite movie whose title begins with the letter C? Maybe "Coyote Ugly"? 5. What do you think is one of the worst television shows ever created? Not counting reality shows... (I'm sure I will be crucified for this) LOST. I hate tv shows that hurt my brain to watch them. 6. What do you recommend? Not catching the Norovirus. And if someone does catch it, bleach everything you own. If you can't bleach it, Lysol III it. Take my word for it. And if you don't take mine, take Troy's. 7. What is your favorite kind of nut to snack on? Cashews. Unless I'm at a ball game, then peanuts. -In- the shell. (But not boiled peanuts. Yuck.) 8. What kind of wedding did you have--or if you've never been married, what kind of wedding do you dream of having? I used to want the fairy tale. Now? ::shrugs:: I want the one that means it's real. I guess that means I grew up...? 9. What is the most beautiful place you have ever seen? The Catskill Mountains in the Autumn. Or Fenway Park. 10. What color are your toenails painted? ::hangs head in shame:: They aren't. It's not sandal weather for me quite yet. I promise they are properly groomed though! 11. What's the last thing you ordered online? Daniel's birthday gift. I got him a "official" Belichick hoodie. 12. By noon, I¡¯m usually: Half-starved. I eat breakfast early so I am always very ready for lunch. 13. What is your favorite kind of gum? Extra Wintergreen. 14. What color "grass" in the Easter basket? Green! Preferably made of pale green paper. That plastic stuff is maddening. And I have always hated all the random colors. Who ever heard of bright pink grass?? 15. What's for dinner tonight? I had some pasta & some broccoli. I didn't feel much like cooking, so I went easy. 16. What is the last spice you used when cooking? Ummm... I didn't cook much last week, what with the getting over The Ick & all. And what I did make wasn't very spicy. I'm going to guess it was Montreal Steak Seasoning some time the week before last. 17. How many varieties of mustard are in your refrigerator right now? Just one. Grey Poupon Dijon. There will likely be a second coarse grain variety in there later this week. I need that one specifically for a recipe on the menu. 18. Zoo or museum? I love a good museum...but I get to feed giraffes at the zoo! I can't choose. It's just too hard. You're going to have to pick for me. 19. Favorite cracker? Anything wheat really. I like the flavor of it with cheese. 20. Which item from your wardrobe do you wear most often? My jeans. I wear a pair almost every day. yeah. so. ahem. first, i had some...stuff going on. then, i was at WDW with K . and again, adding Brandi . -then-, i had The Ick. (i'll spare you the details. i'm nice like that.) (sorry, if you "really" know me, because you didn't end up so lucky on the sparing of the details.) somehow that took over a little better than a week (??) and... ...now, i'm playing catch up. and apparently neglecting the blog in the process. i'm going to get my act together soon. cross my heart. photo of me courtesy of Brandi . we fed giraffes at the Lowry Park Zoo! yay zoo! 1) candle scents i burned this month: Sparkling Pine. Balsam &amp; Cedar. Mistletoe. Creme Brulee. Mountain Pine. Sparkling Cinnamon. Red Apple Wreath. Sparkling Angel. Hazelnut Coffee. Lakeside Birch. 2) what i am reading this month: i've had to put my other books on hold for the moment, while i focus on this whole " Bible in 90 Days " project. i am determined to succeed and i have to be honest, sometimes it takes a lot of brain power to get through twelve pages. (hello, books of Numbers, Deuteronomy and Leviticus!) i'm on track though! 3) top three songs i was drawn to: "Edge of Desire," John Mayer. "I'd Rather Be With You," Joshua Radin. "Some People," LeAnn Rimes. 4) movies i saw: Edge of Darkness. (not to be confused with "Edge of Desire" from number three. NOT.EVEN.CLOSE.) 5) favorite tv moments of the month: hearing The Star Spangled Banner play every time the U.S. won a gold medal. watching Evan Lysacek skate in the Men's Figure Skating competition with the same passion i love to see in my favorite baseball &amp; football athletes. the " Jacksonville " episode of Fringe: holy jaw-dropping wow. " Valentine's Day Massacre " (Grey's Anatomy): i'm loving the MerDer storyline this season. 6) something yummy i made: i've been baking fresh muffins for my mid-morning snack at work. apple spice. triple chocolate chunk . blueberry streusel. -yummy-. 7) restaurants where i ate: Rainforest Cafe. Longhorn Steakhouse. Macaroni Grill. Wine Exchange. 8) something that made me cry: that Canadian figure skater, Joannie Rochette, when she skated her short program a few days after her mother's sudden death. so much emotion and strength. i'm pretty sure it was impossible to watch her skate that program & not at least blink hard a couple of times. 9) a goal i had for this month: to start walking again after work. the weather has not cooperated with this goal. i -want- to walk, but i refuse to do so in the cold rain, so it didn't happen consistently. 10) this month i looked forward to: pitchers &amp; catchers reporting to Ft Myers. it's a long cold lonely three weeks between the Super Bowl and the start of Spring Training. 11) something that made me laugh: giraffe tongues. seriously. feed a giraffe some time & you'll see what i mean! 12) a photo i took this month: and a bonus photo, because i just couldn't choose! I am thinking... that this week is going to take forever. I am thankful for... flannel sheets. From the kitchen... will come roasted red potatoes and green beans with a rosemary butter sauce. the chicken will be from the grill. ;-) I am wearing... jeans and a navy blue button-down shirt. and my brown heeled boots. I am creating... a plan for the Disney parks this weekend! I am going... to meet K in FOUR DAYS!! I am reading... the Bible. in 90 days. it's challenging! I am hoping... i'm right. (sorry. no elaboration.) I am hearing... snickers from the office behind me. working with boys makes me shake my head. a lot. Around the house... is a big empty spot where Brandi 's Christmas gift was hanging out until Sunday when i saw her. i had to DUST.IT.OFF before i put it in my car. that's just sad. and really funny. One of my favorite things... is chatting with a wonderful friend &amp; being completely baffled how long you've actually been friends, because even though it feels like you always have been, you know that isn't the case! (this doesn't count for Heather because we've known each other since we were three, which is easy to remember because we met in nursery school. i really have known her forever!) i think it's a sign you truly click with another person when it just feels like you've always been friends. A few plans for the rest of the week... going out to dinner for Troy's birthday on Friday. and then WDW! with K all weekend (and Brandi too on Sunday)!!! A picture to share... Brandi and i went to the zoo on Sunday. we fed giraffes. giraffes have -really- long tongues. they can chase you with them if you have a cracker that they want! this leads to laughter. a LOT of laughter. they also don't like to take turns. they will try to swipe the cracker you are attempting to feed to another giraffe. and they can be sneaky about it since their tongue allows them to do this from like a half mile away! we also watched some storks of some sort bullying some pelicans. pelicans make this really loud honking sound. it's startling if you don't know this in advance! and the storks click their beaks really loudly. you wouldn't think this was terribly intimidating, but the pelicans would disagree with you. then again, i'm pretty sure i wouldn't hang around if a stork was clicking at me either. that beak is pointy! ;-) animals entertain me a great deal, in case this was not obvious to you. yay zoo! ----------------------------------- adding some photos from the zoo post-stream-of-consciousness. this orangutan was so funny. he was trying to nap but the sun was too bright! this little series goes hand in hand with my stream of consciousness! i had to share this one just to ask what the HECK is going on with my hair here?? i couldn't catch it in action, but these sting rays were actually coming up out of the water, begging for food! (it's an interactive tank.) 1. What current tv comedy is your favorite? The Big Bang Theory . it makes me laugh so.freaking hard. 2. Who is the fourth person on your cell phone's "missed calls" list? BrightHouse, calling to sell my faster internet. they were promptly ignored because at the time, they couldn't get the internet i was already paying for to work. i had less than zero intentions of spending more money for faster internet that still wouldn't work. 3. What kind of weather do you enjoy the most? March in Florida weather, which is much like Autumn in New England, minus the foliage: warm days. cool nights. gentle breezes. minimal humidity. sunny skies. and down here, March also brings orange blossoms. i'm pretty sure if heaven has a scent, it's orange blossoms. 4. I want something to drink. What's in your refrigerator right now? pineapple juice. cranberry juice (the pure unsweetened kind. none of this sissy, watered-down, sugared-up cranberry "juice" cocktail nonsense!). water. Pepsi. 2% milk. 5. You're planning a trip--money is not a concern--do you opt to travel by plane or take a road trip instead? road trip!! as long as i don't have to do the driving. ;-) 6. What is your favorite movie whose title begins with the letter H? it's a photo finish between "Hitch" and "Home Alone." 7. Do you enjoy cookouts? i do. sometimes nothing is more tasty than a burger or a hot dog right from the grill. 8. What was your sixth grade teacher's name? Mr Ryskowski. 9. Where did you live in 1987? Bristol, Connecicut. 10. What's the "right way" to read a magazine? flip through it once quickly, making note of any articles you want to read more carefully later. then go back & read said articles. then remove anything you wish to save for later reference (recipes, decorating inspiration, gift ideas). then recycle! 11. What would make today a better day? knowing it would be followed by Monday off. i would also settle for whatever it is i am allergic to being done blooming. 12. What was the last song to get stuck in your head? hmmm... it's been a while. long enough that i cannot recall. this is NOT an open invitation for you to implant yours in my head!! 13. Did you inherit your eye color from a family member? both of my parents, as well as my paternal grandfather, all have (or had, in the case of my Gramp) blue eyes. 14. Do you like fireworks? i do. i especially like the ones that "sparkle" at the tips. (man, i wish i could describe them better than that!) 15. What is your preferred outdoor temperature? 75 degrees. (but without the humidity!) 16. What three professions would you like to try for a day? See's Candies quality control test sampler. assistant to a wedding or infant photographer. Christmas elf (what?? sounds like fun!). 17. What do you do when you're stuck in traffic? turn up the music & sing along. not much else you -can- do. 18. Who was the last person you know who got married? Alison. July 2009. 19. Name three things that are overdue right now. sending Alison the photos i took at her wedding. a birthday card for my father's wife. the arrival of Spring weather in Florida. 20. If your mood were a weather forecast, today would be: bright blue clear skies & a lot of sunshine. it actually looks like Winter (well, like November in Connecticut anyway) down here this year! --------------------------- i saw the coolest post on the blog, "your wishcake," and thought it would be a lot of fun to incorporate it into my weekly Slice of Life posts. it's up to you, readers! what slice of my life would -you- like to see photographed &amp; shared here in the future?  The fading patina of the paint and the old looking school bus drew my attention to this billboard. If you enlarge the image you can see that is stenciled on plank boards which leads me to believe it has been there quite awhile. They just don't make them this way anymore. For more Ruby Tuesday join Mary here . Goldie and Spot The cold temps and snow and ice have been gone for a little over a week now and look who surfaced in the pond. This little pair came up from the bottom but they don't look like they're quite ready to stick their heads out yet. Or perhaps they're asking 'does this rock make our butts look big.' As I walked by yesterday I didn't see but heard a little frog plop into the water so the pond is indeed coming out of its long winter slumber. These sights and sounds are a wonderful prelude for what's to come and I can hardly wait! For more Camera Critters join Misty here . (enlarge for best detail) These were taken last week. We actually had 72 degree weather yesterday so the snow is long gone. Yeah!! I liked how the cattails were reflected in the water along the shoreline. This was a much closer shot and when I downloaded the photos of that day I was totally surprised. It looks like I was looking through glass. It reminds me of looking through a glass shower door, you know, the kind that you can never seem to get clean. :) For more Weekend Reflections join James here . I'm combining this week's Sepia Scenes with Mary's new Yard Art on Thursday meme. Last week my dear Hubs had a checkup with his doctor and as he was driving I spotted this 'outhouse' along the way. This was in someones side yard right along the highway. I have seen this done before but not as eloquently as this one. It sits in the center of a large flower bed with lights and plants and small shrubs arranged around the exterior. Hanging plants left from the last growing season adorned one side. I thought the moon and star cutouts the defining touch. I converted the color image that's below to sepia and added some texture to make the image look like an old postcard. Last week my yard art was a huge concrete cactus that my good friend Thom thought "why do I think that is so odd in your neck of the woods." I just KNOW he will think this much more appropriate. However, should anyone think the outhouse is only indicative of American Appalachia the country of Australia for example was largely unsewered until the early 1970s with many suburbs having outhouses or 'dunnys' behind each house. That was a mere 40 years ago. For more Sepia Scenes join Mary here . For more Yard Art join her here . (click to enlarge) "Moody and withdrawn, the lake unites a haunting loveliness to a raw desolateness." ~ Dale Morgan This scene was from last Thursday. Today is it sunny and sixty-six degrees!!! For more Watery Wednesday click here . (enlarge for best detail) Gracious as sunshine, sweet as dew Shut in a lily's golden core. ~Margaret Junkin Preston For more Mellow Yellow click here . This past Monday the sky was trying so hard to peek out from behind the clouds. Hubs and I had been gone all day and when we arrived home I noticed all the melted puddles of snow in the driveway. The first shot above is looking in a puddle on the sidewalk with the nearby woods reflected and a hint of light blue sky. The second shot is the sun and sky reflected in a puddle on the driveway. For more Weekend Reflections join James here . You can see a full shot of the sky on my photoblog here . My first entry for Mary's Yard Art Thursday is this huge cactus. Hubs and I have passed this yard a few times in the past couple of years and it always struck me as a funny piece of yard art. It wasn't until Mary mentioned a new meme that I decided it was time to take a photo when we passed it on Monday. It is along a main road with no place to pull off so I took this through the windshield. The cactus itself is made of concrete and surrounded by a landscaped flowerbed made of stone. Even without enlarging the photo you can probably see it is outlined with large Christmas bulbs. We have never been past it in the dark but I imagine it is something to see. Should you happen to go ahead and enlarge the photo you can see that on one side it is bordered with a chainlink fence that surrounds a cemetery. For more Yard Art join Mary here .  The world is full of some beautiful souls, and it surely seems that Olivier Dupon from Dossier37 is one of them. He is known to many Sydneysiders for his gorgeous shop Lola Et Moi, which he ran&nbsp;for about three years,&nbsp;and now the rest of the world is getting to know&nbsp;his quirky, colourful and inspired ways through his blog&nbsp; Dossier37 . Olivier kindly shared these pics with Daily Imprint of his home in Pyrmont. As he describes it, "Great views, great light... We use the flat as a white blank canvas for our collections of antique and modern artworks&nbsp;and designer pieces." Which five words best describe you? Perseverance, reliability, compassion, flair, hard work. What was your first job and what path have you taken since then? I worked for Christian Dior as a production assistant (in the ready-to-wear department). This led to another contract as senior production assistant. From then, I expanded my experience by working for the extreme opposite of luxury fashion, that is mass market fashion. I spent about 6 years as a fashion buyer for a big French retailer. I then moved to London for&nbsp;4 years as a product manager for a fashion house. I then relocated to Australia, and this big move was a trigger for my current career. I decided to open my own shop [Lola Et Moi] and to work closely with independent designers. Back to the hand-made, unique and creative scene, which is my true passion . What¡¯s your proudest career achievement? Opening a successful shop on my own, out of no experience in this particular field, in a foreign country. What¡¯s been your best decision? Pursuing the person, who has now been making me happy for the past 6 years. Who inspires you? Whistleblowers and scientists (not the sceptic ones). What are you passionate about? Common sense, environmental issues and creativity. What¡¯s the best lesson you¡¯ve learnt? Patience is a virtue. Which person, living or dead, would you most like to meet? Any billionaire that has no idea how he can make a positive difference in this world. What dream do you still want to fulfil? I will have to get back to you in 5 years' time for that one. What are you reading? La D¨¦licatesse by David Foenkinos. A french fiction novel (a quirky love story) and probably one of the best books I have read. images courtesy of dossier37 There are some stores that I enjoy visiting just for a pick-me-up. One of these is the Fleur Wood shops in Paddington and The Strand. Instantly I'm transplanted to a world where beauty reigns supreme and femininity is the order of the day. Not only do I covet everything I see, but the decor is sublime. Meet the ever-so stylish woman behind the designs. Which five words best describe you? Busy, sometimes cranky, and always trying to look at bright side. (sorry more than five words). How did you get your start in fashion and what path have you taken since? &nbsp;I started out as a VM and on the retail floor selling, I never really intended on being a fashion designer. What advice would you give to aspiring designers? Don't! Just kidding. Work hard and don't worry about what every body else is doing. What's your proudest career achievement? I am always delighted when I&nbsp;&nbsp;see someone walking down the street in one of my designs. What has been your best decision? To listen to people with more&nbsp;&nbsp;experience and take good advise when offered. Who inspires you? My husband. What are you passionate about? Human rights. Which person, living or&nbsp;dead, would you most like to meet? Mary Magdeline. What dream do you&nbsp;still want to fulfil? World peace. What are you reading? The beautiful fall , by Alicia Drake. The story of&nbsp;the friendship of Karl Lagerfield and Yves Saint Laurent. images courtesy of fleur wood You might have seen Stephen Ormandy 's artworks on a recent cover of Vogue Living - his home with fellow Dinosaur Design 's founder Louise Olsen was featured inside. Or you might have seen his recent exhibition at the Tim Olsen Gallery - I still have the flyer pinned to my board at work (he used the most beautiful yellow, grey and blue combinations). Alternatively, you might just know him as part of the triumvirate - Liane Rossler is the third partner - that established Dinosaur Designs. Which five words best describe you? Lover, optimist, enthusiast, dedicated, inquisitive. What was your first career job and what path have you taken since? I have never worked for anyone but myself and don't consider working at Dinosaur Designs or painting as a job, It feels more like living a creative life. I first dreamed about being a painter in kindergarten, which is all about play and creativity, how much fun is that, no wonder I was hooked early. What¡¯s the best advice you¡¯ve been given? Travel. What¡¯s your proudest career achievement? A solo show at Tim Olsen Gallery. What has been your best decision? Applying to study at COFA. Who inspires you? Matisse, Picasso, William Scott, Victor Pasmore, Miro, Arp, Tapio Wirkkala, John Olsen, John Coburn, Dale Frank, Anish Kapoor, Urs Fischer, Wolfgang Laib..... What are you passionate about? Family. Painting. Designing. Surfing. Food. Which person, living or dead, would you most like to meet? Matisse. What dream do you still want to fulfil? I have so much to be thankful for already. What are you reading? The $12 million&nbsp;stuffed shark by Don Thompson. Glimmer by Warren Berger. images courtesy of stephen ormandy and tim olsen gallery It had been a while since I'd visited&nbsp; Davidmetnicole . But I knew they'd be a great place to get&nbsp;props and those special little touches that set off a shot for a recent shoot. After one failed mission there - closed for a refurbishment -&nbsp;I returned a few weeks later. Oh, what a cornucopia of rubber stamps they have! And not mass-produced ones from China. No, these were old-fashioned stamps used in&nbsp;offices when filing cabinets were made of wood and phone calls were made via&nbsp;a switchboard.&nbsp;Then I came across&nbsp;images of their home shot for Vogue Living, and realised that I actually have the photo&nbsp;of the flowers in a glass lantern tucked into my&nbsp;reference book. It seems David and Nicole have always held a special place in my heart. Which words best describe you? Eclectic, organised, disorganised. What was your first job and what path have you taken since? Difficult, never been big on a "career" did mainly whatever was interested in. Worked in everything from set design, through to horticulture and forestry, to retail. Loved them all, but retail is where my heart lies! What's the best lesson you've learnt? Double check everything, even if it sounds simple and everyone understands and it all looks fine, run through it again just to be sure. What's your proudest achievement? The store (davidmetnicole) it?s our own company. Not working all hours for someone else's dream and that's always the best! What's been your best decision?&nbsp; To stop moving around, place to place, job to job etc and settle down. You can only truly achieve something once you stay in one spot for a while! Who inspires you? &nbsp;I must say the modern "man/humanity" does not often inspire me. The world is too caught up in making money, celebrity and the next big thing to be truly interesting . I always naturally seem to be inspired by past humanity in general and the amazing things that were achieved in a time before computers, the internet, the highly mechanised world we live in today! These people were truly amazing and we owe them a lot. What are you passionate about? Well made (anything) very rare now. The throw away society is destroying our planet and it's for all of us to step up, demand quality products that last and can be repaired and importantly ...be prepared to pay for them. Which person, living or dead, would you most like to meet? Listening and talking to my Great Great Nana. I was too young to properly have a conversation with her while she was alive and she lived through the most interesting period in human history from late Victorian through to the 60s. She died in the early nighties. She was one of Queen Victoria's official knitters and knitted all of the Queen's&nbsp;tea-cosies and met her several times. She survived a Zeplin attack in London during the First World War, and was an air field medic serving with a hurricane squad during the Second World War... amazing! What are you reading?&nbsp; Brave new world. shop images davidmetnicole and others&nbsp;via moodboard I never EVER thought I would ever do anything crafty. You see, I'm the girl who had to get a boy to finish my sewing project at school because I was doing such a terrible job. Me and sewing machines just didn't mix... then. NOW, well it all seems a different story, but I still haven't actually used a machine. Just lots of cutting, stitching and fumbling my way through. But somehow I'm really getting into the vibe of making things. It really is much more satisfying than I ever thought possible. On the office shoot that I styled for the March issue of real living (on sale until Monday, when the next issue comes out) I went crazy in the "Crafty Industrial" space. Hope you like these little ideas that were shot on the day. images real living and chris warnes Just&nbsp;before the summer&nbsp;break I went to the book launch of The Crafty Minx . I always try to get along to these events because I'm fascinated to learn the process that goes into creating a book. It's also an interesting insight into what authors are actually like. I enjoyed&nbsp;hearing&nbsp;publisher Kay Scarlett speak about the "Minx" herself, Kelly Doust . She described the first time they met. Kelly was dressed in customised vintage clothes and looked divine. Right then Kay knew that this was no ordinary woman. Since then Kelly has gone on to not only publish her collection of craft projects but has also written a follow-up book The Crafty Kid , which will be published&nbsp;mid-year. And a memoir is in the works too. All this and Kelly is&nbsp;mum to an 18-month-old&nbsp;girl.&nbsp; Which five words best describe you? Creative, happy, passionate, hardworking and flawed. What was your first career job and what path have you taken since? My first job out of university was in an investment bank, believe it or not. It made me realise how important it is to be surrounded by like-minded people every day you possibly can ... so I left. Shortly afterwards, I went on to study book editing and publishing before moving into the industry, and worked there up until recently as a book publicist. I also ventured into journalism, agency publicity and advertising along the way, but always kept coming back to books. Publishing folk are my kin. What¡¯s the best lesson you¡¯ve learnt along the way? Confucius said it first: find a job you'll love and you'll never work a day in your life . What¡¯s your proudest career achievement? Having my first book published. What¡¯s been your best decision? Leaving my job when I was five months' pregnant to work on the proposal for The Crafty Minx. I honestly haven't regretted it for a second, although those first few weeks were nerve-wracking . It took a while to get into the rhythm of working from home. Who inspires you? Barack Obama for his social conscience, passion and dignity, and my friend Maggie Hamilton - a social researcher and writer. What are you passionate about? My husband and daughter, friends, home, food, fashion, travel, and treading lightly upon this earth of ours... plus a whole list of other things too long to mention. Which person, living or dead, would you most like to meet? I'm not much for meet and greets, but I'd very much like to have a decent conversation with Emily Dickinson about her poetry, which resonates still after so many years . What dream do you still want to fulfil? To write a good novel. What are you reading? I've just finished reading Sarah Waters' The Little Stranger, which I thought was gripping and masterfully told, and have AM Homes' This Book Will Save Your Life, a biography of Muriel Spark by Martin Stannard and a quirkly little book called Important Artifacts and Personal Property from the Collection of Lenore Doolan and Harold Morris by Leanne Shapton on the go. images courtesy of kelly doust It's always interesting what stands the test of time when it comes to design. Looking over images of Romaine Alwill 's styling&nbsp;from when she worked at Belle magazine, I'm impressed by how stunning and thoughtful the images are - still. Now, she's gone full circle and returned more to her area of study&nbsp;- interior architecture&nbsp;- with her company Alwill , a&nbsp;business she runs with her sister Nadine. Which five words best describe you? Ooh - this is hard... curious, motivated (or workaholic), energetic, easy going (I hope!), efficient. What was your first career job and what path have you taken since? After graduating from&nbsp;university the first job I really enjoyed was as interior design editor at Belle magazine, which I did for&nbsp;five years. It exposed me to so many aspects of the industry. It wasn't a conventional role to take after studying interior architecture but it was creatively very satisfying . What¡¯s the best lesson you¡¯ve learnt along the way? Trust your instincts and stand your ground. What¡¯s your proudest career achievement? I feel like there is still so much to learn, so I hope that it is still ahead! What¡¯s been your best decision? Starting my own business and having a family. There are challenges but they are worth it! Who inspires you? People who are open to allowing new creativity and ideas to flourish + fine craftsmen. What are you passionate about? Travelling and seeing other cultures. Which person, living or dead, would you most like to meet? Anastasia, daughter of the Tsar of Russia. I'm fascinated by that story. What dream do you still want to fulfil? To have "alwill" as a total lifestyle company. What are you reading? I just had a baby so there isn't much time for reading so I have a short book called The Uncommon Reader by Alan Bennet. images courtesy of romaine alwill christina with her miniature poodle, walter Now, I know this is going to sound a little strange - but there are a lot of similarities between baby and pet products. Just because you adore your little one doesn't mean you want them bedecked in garish colours or cheap-quality merchandise. That's why Best in Park is already a huge hit with dog lovers. It's quality all the way, which is not surprising given the designer and brains behind the business is Christina Teresinski, who has learnt on the job&nbsp;with some of Australia's biggest and most well-loved brands. Which five words best describe you? Passionate, organised, engaging, sensitive and dog-loving! What was your first career job and what path have you taken since? After completing an arts degree at Melbourne University, I landed my dream marketing assistant job at Esprit. It was the heady, early nineties and the stores back then were designed by Ettore Sottsass, Shigeru Uchida &amp; Antonio Citterio . This led to some time at an advertising agency and then a marketing communications role at Country Road. The role presented some great opportunities . The beauty industry beckoned, and marketing combined with my love of the creative process led me to product development ? more recently Mecca Cosmetica &amp; Kit. What¡¯s the best lesson you¡¯ve learnt along the way? Be true to your own vision and values, never be afraid to express yourself and surround yourself with inspiring, positive individuals . What¡¯s your proudest career achievement? The opportunity to travel the world in various roles and to start Best in Park, which combines my&nbsp;experience with my love of dogs! Also, one of the highlights&nbsp;was my first international 'Best in Park' order from Atelier Abigail Ahern, an inspiration, who I know you have profiled on Daily Imprint! [Yes, LOVE her - read the interview here .] What¡¯s been your best decision? Leaving the security and benefits of a demanding full-time career to re-group and start something for myself. Who inspires you? Individualists. My very clever &amp; understanding husband Sebastian, my mum and my free-thinking, creative friends. The inhabitants of my neighborhood (Fitzroy &amp; Collingwood). What are you passionate about? Embracing life, travelling to cities near and far, collecting experiences, culture, visual arts, loved ones &amp; my dog Walter and his friends (my muses). Which person, living or dead, would you most like to meet? Artist Ricky Swallow , the late Sunday Reed , Sonia Rykiel and Valentino ¡¯s five pugs (if only they could speak!) What dream do you still want to fulfill? Too many to list so here is a sample; to experience the northern lights in Norway, see dogs around the world wearing Best in Park, build a beach house, spend a year in New York ÿ What are you reading? Seven Types of Ambiguity by Elliot Perlman, Flowing Like the River by Paulo Coelho (always on my bedside table), lifestyle blogs/e-zines and shelter publications from around the world &nbsp; images courtesy of best in park  The new addiction was... 1&nbsp;peeled grapefruit 1&nbsp;cucumber 2 apples 2 carrots 2 bunches parsley Juiced But now that I see this photo, the new addiction is officially... Learning&nbsp;how&nbsp;to focus this (old, but still new and unused)&nbsp;lens I never bothered (to learn how) to use.&nbsp; Why, oh why?&nbsp; Because I'm so&nbsp;afraid of such technology...until my default&nbsp;technology dies on me I see the colors. Oh my.&nbsp; The colors. Lovely Donkey reminds me to tell you (while he spies,&nbsp;so far away,&nbsp;from his field) that on Tuesday, I saw a special someone, who smiles as wide as I do. :o) This is the church... where masked bandits go. {To steal more food.} I'd like to introduce you to my masked bandits.&nbsp; They're siblings.&nbsp; In action. Moments before, they were standing&nbsp;very tall on tippy toe hind feet, poking their heads in my window and demanding food.&nbsp; I screamed. Then I told them to warn me next time, so I can&nbsp;make sure the correct lens is&nbsp;in the camera.&nbsp; {I like to document said thievery.} They said, "Hey, we're just sniffing out those amazing raw sunflower seed burgers you're fixin' up.&nbsp; Hand&nbsp;'em over, please.&nbsp; Now."&nbsp; {Those vegan burgers do&nbsp;rock.} Then I pulled out the camera. That's when they said, "Hey, that's not fair...some of you people shoot us with things like that."&nbsp; Which is true, and why you see them&nbsp;scurrying&nbsp;down&nbsp;to make some ruckus under the safety of the cabin. This is what happens when you don't have pets.&nbsp; Because when you have pets, the sweet baby raccoons don't give a hoot about the humans.&nbsp;&nbsp;They just want to wrangle with the pets.&nbsp;&nbsp;And climb the house. But I live in a cabin.&nbsp; Without pets.&nbsp; So they try to wrangle with me, instead.&nbsp; Of course,&nbsp;they don't get fed. And I like it. {Let's just hope they keep coming back for more.} My brand new medical doctor is the best medical doctor in the whole entire world. And I don't say this lightly. Especially since I&nbsp;usually prefer a ND ( Naturopathic Physician ) as my primary care (insurance covered) physician. But due to circumstance, this is not an easy (insurance covered) option, on the island.&nbsp;Yet I'm a very, very, very&nbsp;lucky girl, anyway.&nbsp; Because&nbsp;(since I last saw my pediatrician, back in the seventies...or was that the eighties?),&nbsp;I've finally found my&nbsp; forever doctor.&nbsp;&nbsp;It's a long wait,&nbsp;sometimes, for a really good thing.&nbsp;&nbsp;And&nbsp;I'll&nbsp;still&nbsp;wait patiently for&nbsp;local (insurance covered) ND care.&nbsp; After all, I need them both.&nbsp; Like&nbsp;a&nbsp;Mom and a Dad. This is&nbsp;why I think&nbsp;my brand new medical doctor is the best medical doctor in the whole entire world (and of course, I know there are more of them out there!)... -He is&nbsp;genuinely kind. -He is genuinely welcoming. -He let's me know that&nbsp;he appreciates that I'm there. -He believes me. -He spends an hour with me. -He listens patiently, when I remember what I forgot to share. -He is&nbsp;kind in a way that tells me I needn't worry about how I talk (so much, but I still panic and try to fix this). -He is extra thankful for the really old (expensive) hospital test results I&nbsp;found...'cause they really help. -He draws diagrams to help me understand what he suspects might be going wrong now. -He wants to find out for sure...what's behind this. -He orders more blood testing, without hesitation, to&nbsp;check and see where we're at. -He orders more hospital testing, without hesitation, to check and see how things are functioning. -He asks me&nbsp;how I'd next like to proceed. -He is totally okay with the fact that I have no idea how I'd next like to proceed. -He lets me know that he'll handle things and get back to me, soon. -He tries not to notice the entire office saying what a kind, thoughtful and thorough doctor he is. -He works really, really, really&nbsp;hard and to make personal family time for his sweet loved ones, too. May all humans be blessed with such goodness. Forever and ever , Amen. It's Sunday.&nbsp; So I'm confessing. I'd like to think I'm doing this on my own accord, but a Blackhawk&nbsp;has been&nbsp;circling&nbsp;the cabin for hours now, so here we are.&nbsp; I'm giving up. February was not my month.&nbsp; I didn't realize it until yesterday.&nbsp; It didn't sink in until today. And boy, howdy, it's time for me to&nbsp;make some changes. First,&nbsp;I didn't see the need to worry about&nbsp;Valentine's Day this year.&nbsp; Because as much as I love learning about love, I&nbsp;never really worry about&nbsp;Valentine's Day.&nbsp;&nbsp;I like to think everyday is Valentine's Day. While recently&nbsp;discussing this&nbsp;thing called February and&nbsp;love,&nbsp;I had no idea I'd&nbsp;discover a month filled with my very own emotional triggers.&nbsp; Where should I begin?&nbsp; Oh, I know... Once upon a time,&nbsp;I was engaged.&nbsp; On Valentine's Day.&nbsp; (Sort of.) It wasn't really a surprise engagement and it wasn't really emotionally connective.&nbsp; Meaning...maybe you could say...it wasn't romantic.&nbsp; But slightly uncomfortable and embarrassing.&nbsp; Dutiful.&nbsp; Obligatory.&nbsp; The next expected step in that thing called relationship.&nbsp; It was&nbsp;a&nbsp;decision that was jointly made, two weeks prior, while rings were browsed. And then I was married. But&nbsp;I didn't want to walk down that aisle.&nbsp;&nbsp;I didn't want to be there.&nbsp;&nbsp;I didn't want to spend all that money or invite lots of people.&nbsp; I didn't want to be stared at.&nbsp; I really didn't want to do all those obligatory wedding things.&nbsp; At all. For a girly girl who's extra mushy about&nbsp;intimate connection&nbsp;and who loves to learn about love, this wedding experience baffled me. I didn't have the words to figure this situation out.&nbsp;&nbsp;I decided&nbsp;I must be experiencing&nbsp;what it feels like&nbsp;when you don't want&nbsp;the big wedding.&nbsp; When you're&nbsp;practical.&nbsp; When&nbsp;you don't want to&nbsp;be the center of the event.&nbsp;&nbsp;So I plugged along.&nbsp; I didn't really&nbsp;think I had a choice.&nbsp; (I thought I was a victim of circumstance...that it was my duty to&nbsp;be good and behave...and to entertain.) Then&nbsp;a&nbsp;confusing&nbsp;thought&nbsp;began to creep up inside of me.&nbsp; The thought...that I did not know...what I did not know. Profound.&nbsp; I did not know what I did not know. I was immediately lost.&nbsp;&nbsp;What was this stuff, anyway?&nbsp; That I supposedly did not know?&nbsp; How could I not know it?&nbsp; How could I find out what it was, if I didn't even know what it was?&nbsp; Why was&nbsp;such a&nbsp;revelation just then camping out&nbsp;on the tip of my tongue?&nbsp; At that pivotal &nbsp;time?&nbsp; Yet I&nbsp;couldn't even find it...to learn it...to know&nbsp;it...and ASAP!&nbsp; How did that happen?&nbsp; To me?!&nbsp; What should one do? How could I possibly hurry and figure&nbsp;it all&nbsp;out, before walking down the isle? Or is that what marriage&nbsp;is for?&nbsp; Figuring such stuff out?&nbsp; Together? A good therapist&nbsp;would have been a proper solution.&nbsp; Religious clergy would have helped, pronto, too. &nbsp;But I didn't know about the importance of&nbsp;such things back then.&nbsp; So I decided it must be anxiety.&nbsp; And that marrige was for figuring&nbsp;such&nbsp;stuff out,&nbsp;together...after the wedding. I was going with that theory, anyway.&nbsp; I really should have asked more questions. Wait.&nbsp; I did.&nbsp; I just didn't&nbsp;hear the answers that were right for me. (My fault.&nbsp; I thought I was supposed to support,&nbsp;believe and believe&nbsp;in another, no matter what.&nbsp; Even if&nbsp;what worked for them was not right for me.) I thankfully mustered up the courage to leave.&nbsp; Years later.&nbsp; In February.&nbsp; Soon after Valentine's Day. Years after that, I still felt like&nbsp;a monkey was clinging to my back and I couldn't shake&nbsp;him off.&nbsp; As if I were still trapped. (And that was after lots of talking.&nbsp; About him.&nbsp; Had I&nbsp;gone straight to talking about me and my issues, things might have progressed more swifty.) There was another long-term&nbsp;relationship,&nbsp;where things appeared&nbsp;and felt very different, but where things&nbsp;turned&nbsp;out to be&nbsp;very much the same. &nbsp;(Don't worry, a good therapist can explain how this happens.&nbsp;&nbsp;Not so tricky, let me tell you.)&nbsp;&nbsp;The month of February, a few years ago, was the last contact. Long(er) story short(er), February is a month&nbsp;that&nbsp;marks my&nbsp;freedom from&nbsp;things not good for me.&nbsp;&nbsp;I just didn't realize it until now.&nbsp; February is also a month which is supposed to be a symbol of&nbsp;love.&nbsp; Place these two&nbsp;together and one can feel confused.&nbsp; Or&nbsp;right on. The big little&nbsp;miracle:&nbsp; This February,&nbsp;I realize, is the very first February I don't&nbsp;feel&nbsp;trapped.&nbsp; Not by&nbsp;memories,&nbsp;feelings or&nbsp;experiences.&nbsp; I'm free.&nbsp; Those monkey's are off my back.&nbsp; Finally. And those changes I need to make?&nbsp; Starting tomorrow, March 1st,&nbsp;I'm solidly committing to these... 1)&nbsp; No more expectations.&nbsp; About anyone or anything.&nbsp;&nbsp;Surprises are much more fun. 2)&nbsp; No more waiting.&nbsp; For others to join in, to&nbsp;proceed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Independent progress is good for me. 3)&nbsp; No discussing others (keep it on&nbsp;the issues, not the people).&nbsp; If&nbsp;I feel pulled in,&nbsp;left or lost, it's time&nbsp;to let others&nbsp;be.&nbsp; No more victim in me. ( #3 is a bit military for me, as I've previously embraced the idea that we should&nbsp;have&nbsp;one private person&nbsp;in our life, with whom we can confidentially and safely&nbsp;discuss anything.&nbsp;&nbsp;But I've since learned that if that private&nbsp;confidant isn't a therapist or if they don't embrace "I" statements, confusion can occur.&nbsp; So I'm streamlining&nbsp;my focus.&nbsp; No discussing others.&nbsp;It'll be issues , instead.) This, for me,&nbsp;is about leaving February's foibles behind. This is about (re)dedicating myself to searching out&nbsp;those who share&nbsp;similar struggles and a similar will to learn, grow and evolve.&nbsp; Healthfully. This is about searching out those who look at you and feel good and strong about themselves, not uncomfortable. Not that any of us are perfect.&nbsp; People fail daily.&nbsp; Especially me. But if the mutual goal is to&nbsp;continually improve...that is where I'll now dutifully be. I'm march ing on.&nbsp; And you are always invited to join me. (Especially since I'll need all the&nbsp;help I can get.&nbsp; :o) We can taste. We can see. We can spend all day turning down an eternity with those we know are not meant to be. Ours. Privately. And then we somehow quickly forget. All of them. We&nbsp;instead fret. About that one special someone. Here or not yet here. Ready or not. And we blindly go forth. Lovingly. -ID ___________________________ Crazy Little Thing Called Love&nbsp; by Queen This thing called love.&nbsp; I just can't handle it.&nbsp; This thing called love.&nbsp; I must get round to it.&nbsp; I ain't ready.&nbsp; Crazy little thing called love.&nbsp; This (this thing).&nbsp; Called love (called love).&nbsp; It cries (like a baby).&nbsp; In a cradle all night.&nbsp; It swings (ooh ooh).&nbsp; It jives (ooh ooh).&nbsp; It shakes all over like a jelly fish.&nbsp; I kinda like it.&nbsp; Crazy little thing called love.&nbsp; There goes my baby.&nbsp; She knows how to rock n roll.&nbsp; She drives me crazy.&nbsp; She gives me hot and cold fever.&nbsp; Then she leaves me in a cool cool sweat.&nbsp; I gotta be cool.&nbsp; Relax.&nbsp; Get hip.&nbsp; Get on my tracks.&nbsp; Take a back seat.&nbsp; Hitch-hike.&nbsp; And take a long ride on my motor bike.&nbsp; Until I'm ready.&nbsp; Crazy little thing called love.&nbsp; Yeah.&nbsp; I gotta be cool.&nbsp; Relax.&nbsp; Get hip.&nbsp; Get on my tracks.&nbsp; Take a back seat (ah hum).&nbsp; Hitch-hike (ah hum).&nbsp; And take a long ride on my motor bike.&nbsp; Until I'm ready (ready Freddie).&nbsp; Crazy little thing called love.&nbsp; This thing called love.&nbsp; I just can't handle it.&nbsp; This thing called love.&nbsp; I must get round to it.&nbsp;&nbsp;I ain't ready (ooh) ooh ooh.&nbsp; Crazy little thing called love.&nbsp; Crazy little thing called love, yeah yeah. A brand new explorer.&nbsp; On an island&nbsp;beach. Is there a greater gift, than to encourage this in one another?&nbsp; Explore.&nbsp; Adventure.&nbsp; Play. A quondam is probably a very difficult mathematical question which you ponder over for hours and still never find the answer, only to discover much later that you missed the point entirely and the answer was staring you in the face. Something like that anyway. Hopefully your invented meanings will carry slightly more weight. Invent away please. A purfle can be a fancy border. So, to purfle is to make something fancy. That's my version of what the dictionary says and it's close enough to the truth, so that's good enough for me. My daughter will be doing a bit of purfling before the school disco tonight, methinks. Well done to the inventors of interesting meanings for purfle. I have placed my favourite three on the poll for the voters to decide. Orotund describes a particular way of speaking which could be described by some as pompous and pretentious. Others may simply say the speaker was particularly dignified in their oratory. Thanks a million for your fabulous invented meanings for orotund. Today's fabulous winner was Bonnie. Great work Bonnie. Hope to see you here again soon. If I have read my dictionary correctly, to nuncupate is to make a declaration of your last will and testament through the spoken word rather than the written word. Presumably that's like when Auntie Nellie tells little Rita that she'll leave her collection of salt and pepper shakers to her when she dies. I really enjoyed coming back from my holiday to find lots of great meanings on the blog for nuncupate. You've all worked very hard while I was scoring cricket games in the sun. Well done to all of you. And a special congrats to Realityjunkie for a winning meaning on the poll. For those who enjoy figuring out the root meaning behind words, menology is related to month. But not in a menstrual way exactly. It's related to month in a calendar way. In fact, a menology is a calendar of the Greek Church which contains biographies of saints. That beats my invented meaning hands down. Thanks for your meanings and the long wait between words. Excuses, excuses, she said. I have none. Pure laziness is my only offering. Well done to new player on the blog (or old player with new name)- Metamatician - for a great win on the poll today. Hope you return soon. A lazaret is a special hospital for the diseased poor. Your meanings for lazaret were well thought out and interesting. Realityjunkie beat the opposition with her meaning. Well done, RJ. I had never heard of the word kickshaw until I found it in the dictionary yesterday. It's meaning could be useful though. My dictionary explains kickshaw as usually a derogatory term for a fancy cooked meal. Too fancy presumably. It then goes on to add the terms toy and trifle. I kind of get it. Your invented meanings were much easier to understand, clever and very enjoyable. Thanks for playing. And well done to silver_flight for a winning meaning on the poll today. Jussive refers to expressing a command. Nothing like as interesting as our invented meanings. Congrats to new player Ruby Rosamund for a first up win on the poll today. Great work Ruby! Keep it up. Sorry I haven't been on the blog daily, by the way. I'm doing my best to update as often as possible, and will try to be more frequent in future.  Suppose you want to buy a cart horse. Of course for most of us, this isn't likely but for a lot of people it is much like buying a used car. You need to look it over to see that there are no dings and scratches and then you need to see how well it accelerates and so on. But how to do that? At some of the horse fairs they tie a wheel of a cart to keep in from rolling and then ask the horse to move it quickly. Every so often I go to get some more dog food for the ridiculous number of dogs who live at my farm. As I sit in the jeep waiting for 10 bags of kibble to be carried to me I look at a shop right next door where they do something to cars, I believe. I've never seen them do it, but they have an interesting array of objects hanging over the sidewalk. I wonder what they are. This young man took me back to my childhood in a flash. The joys of dangling a hook and line into a body of water, no matter how faint the possibilities of catching a fish, had to be some of the greatest in the world. A week ago I was hosting a group of high school students at the farm and their bus managed to run off the dirt road into a ditch. My jeep isn't exactly big enough to drag even a small school bus back to the track, but happily my neighbours happened to have a bulldozer handy. They came over and very, very carefully lifted the bus back onto the road. What would we do without our neighbours? This is a lovely balady Arab mare with her sturdy mule son at her side. He's only two months old now so by the time he's weaned, he will know pretty much everything he needs to know about driving. The horse fair refreshment stand at the horse fair is a tiny bit spare. But it got lots of business from the buyers and sellers of horses, donkeys, and equipment get thirsty bargaining. While on a shopping trip with friends in Old Cairo we saw this man repairing folding chairs with new seats and backs. The sticks to his right are parts of garden umbrellas. Good repairs on things here are not very expensive and most people will repair rather than replace. A lot of work in Egypt is done in the street. There are some big garages that can repair cars inside but on Road 9 there is a well-known mechanic who works in the road outside a small shop containing parts. When business is slow, there's usually a place to sit.  Two LA Landmarks: Pacific Dining Car and Langer's Remember the 80s? We didn't walk; we power walked. We didn't eat breakfast or lunch. We had a power breakfast or a power lunch. And a suit wasn't a suit. That's right. It was a power suit. The whole thing made me want to power vomit. When a friend invited me for breakfast at the venerable Pacific Dining Car in downtown LA, my first thought was, "What should I wear?" I considered wearing a power suit (or at least a power jacket) while we ate our power breakfasts, but settled on a look that was more casual Friday than uptight Tuesday. After all, I figured the ultimate power comes from having a flexible schedule that allows you to take off the morning for a downtown breakfast outing. Sure enough, all of the other diners were dressed in suits and ties and gazed at spreadsheets and pie charts between sips of coffee from a china cup. To fit in, dining companion and I studied Jonathan Gold's list of 99 Things to Eat Before You Die while we developed a strategy for our next take over of a restaurant. I hadn't set foot in the Pacific Dining Car since the 80s, when I worked downtown as a briefcase-lugging corporate drone. I was happy to see that it hasn't changed a bit. Some icons become stodgy over time, but not the Pacific Dining Car. It still looks and feels fresh and elegant, refined and special with its rich colors, linen table cloths and fine china and silver. Butter rosettes and a fresh rose at every table I ordered the breakfast hash, which is made from the left over steaks from the night before. Unlike most hashes, which tend to be at least 50% potato, this one was 85% steak and 15% potato, all swimming in a rich, savory gravy. It came topped with a poached egg and two biscuits on the side. Power breakfast indeed. Dining companion went for the Cajun style eggs benedict, featuring sauteed mushrooms and a crab cake instead of Canadian bacon. After our two-hour breakfast, we realized that it was time for lunch. So we did what any food-loving duo would do: we traveled a few blocks away to Langer's to try one of their legendary pastrami sandwiches. When the sandwiches arrived, the first thing I noticed was the warm bread. Then when I bit into the sandwich, I immediately noticed the crisp, chewy crust. I was enraptured. Apparently, this is what rye bread is all about. Why doesn't everyone do it this way? We packed up our sandwiches to go, and I vowed that I wasn't ever going to eat again. That is until I returned home and that rye bread started calling my name. Of course, I did what any good girl from the 80s does. I powered down the pastrami sandwich and then I took a power nap. Be prepared for a 15-20 minute wait in line and a 15-20 minute wait for "fast" food at The Slaw Dogs. You may assume that you can get a realistic glimpse into my eating habits by reading this blog. You would be wrong. Or half wrong. Or maybe half right. Take the last nine scrumptious days. I've slurped Japanese udon and soba at Sanuki No Sato ; indulged in a friend's home-made cassoulet , ala The Art of French Cooking; sampled more than a half dozen "red wines under $10" at the same friend's home; toasted to good health with a bottle of Veuve Clicquot; shared paella, charcutterie, Spanish potatoes and a bottle of Spanish wine with friends at Three Drunken Goats ; met friends for dinner at Malbec , where my medium rare steak arrived well done (but the staff did an excellent job of correcting the overcook); had a tasteless burger at The Counter in Pasadena; sipped a Manhattan at the decades-old bar at Musso and Frank ; tried the jellied consomme (like gelatin with a bouillon cube), beef tongue, mixed salad and Welsh Rarebit at Musso's ; and couldn't get enough of the fusilli with fresh tomatoes (hangers on from the garden), shallots, garlic, olive oil, splash of balsamic and sea salt I made for dinner on Saturday night. And, even though this rundown sounds like a foodie's fantasy, it's far from my typical week of dining and drinking. And it omits a lot of indulgences, like the half sleeve of Girl Scout Thin Mint Cookies that I gobbled down in the car on the way back from the Scout's home. Or the Cherry Garcia ice cream that I had to have after a friend blogged about the joys of the cherry and chocolate confection . All but one of these meals was blog-worthy, but I'm not tempted to write about a single one of these dining adventures. And why not? Because I want to talk about hot dogs. The Slaw Dogs kicks the classic hot dog up a notch. Specifically, the dogs with attitude at Pasadena's newest specialty restaurant, The Slaw Dogs on North Lake Avenue. The hotdoggery has been open since February, and already lines are snaking out the door, an unusual sight in the City of Roses (especially north of the 210). Today, I chatted with two women who had driven all the way from Camarillo and Torrance to sample the dogs. While other eateries are tumbling faster than dominoes, what is there about The Slaw Dogs that's packing in the crowds from all over Southern California? It's an All-American classic. I know the saying is, "As American as Apple Pie," but we could just as easily substitute "hot dog" for "apple pie." Can you think of a hot dog without visions of family barbecues, fourth of July cookouts, greasy diners and baseball games. It's nostalgia wrapped in a bun. It's a Regional Favorite: Seems like every state puts a different twist on the classic. There's the Chicago-style hotdog. The Coney Island dominates the Northeast. And, of course, the restaurant's namesake, the slaw dog, is a West Virginia classic. The bloggers at West Virginia Hot Dog point out that nobody in West Virginia orders a "slaw dog" because it's a given that your hot dog will come with slaw. (Well, it's a given if you live in one of the southern counties in the state. West Virginians take "regional food" to a whole new level.) The Slaw Dog gives you the chance to order your dog just the way you like it, whether you're from Brooklyn, New York, or Charleston, West Virginia. It Was Ready for a Makeover: Like the humble grilled cheese sandwich, macaroni and cheese and hamburger, the hot dog was ready to benefit from all the best ingredients, including a selection of 11 links offered at The Slaw Dogs. It's Fun to Have Choices: In addition to the choice in links, The Slaw Dogs offers 25 "standard toppings" and 22 "custom toppings." It Lends Itself to Fusion: The Slaw Dogs offers a Thai Slaw Dog with chicken sausage, spicy peanut-cocunut satay dressing, cilantro-carrot slaw, crushed peanuts and siracha aioli. The Green Monster, which appears to be one of the most popular dogs offered, is topped with roasted green chilli (that runs the length of the dog), chipotle mayo, grilled onion, pepperjack, and spicy garlic salsa. For my first visit, I went with "The Original" with chilli, cheese, mustard, onions and cole slaw (but I asked them to hold the cheese). It came served with a knife and fork, but that's almost as much fun as slicing up your pizza before you eat it. Unfortunately, my grilled hot dog bun became unhinged after two bites, but that didn't stop me from using my hands to polish off the classic. Left: "The Original" slaw dog Right: The Green Monster, a crowd favorite How did it compare with the slaw dogs I've devoured in my home state? Unlike the fine shredded cabbage in West Virginia, the slaw is coarse shredded at The Slaw Dogs. And the WV buns are soft and steamy, not dry from the grill. On the other hand, the chilli and the grilled hot dog were superior at The Slaw Dogs. Country roads, take me home to the place I belong, Pasadena. But, next time, can ya' steam the bun? The Slaw Dogs 720 N. Lake Ave., #8 Pasadena, CA 91104 626.808.9777 www.theslawdogs.com Hours: Sunday - Wednesday, 11:00 am - 9:00 pm Thursday - Saturday, 11:00 am - 10:00 pm If you live in the San Gabriel Valley, you may want to check out these upcoming events. March 6: Learn about Access to Impact: Using Open Government to Create Change at the Neighborhood Church (301 N. Orange Grove Blvd., Pasadena) from 8:30 am to noon. Sponsored by the League of Women Voters. Refreshments and free parking. To RSVP for this free event, contact lwvpasocialpolicy@gmail.com or 626.798.0965. March 13 and 14: It's Sukiyaki Saturday and Sunday at the Pasadena Buddhist Church (1993 Glen Ave., Pasadena). Dine in (4:00 to 7:30 pm) or take out (4:00 to 6:00 pm) a flavorful beef sukiyaki dinner for just $10. The sukiyaki sauce simmers for days, creating a deep, rich sauce that's nearly impossible to duplicate at home. To reserve meal tickets for this fund raiser, call 626.398.9987 . March 17: The YWCA's Woman of Excellence program features Judge Kim Wardlaw , the first Latina woman ever to be appointed to the Federal Court of Appeals. She'll be at the Donald R. Wright Auditorium of the Pasadena Central Library, 285 E. Walnut Ave., Pasadena, from 9:30 to 11:00. Tickets are $25 in advance or $35 at the door. Refreshments included. All proceeds go to support programs at the YWCA. Purchase tickets online at www.ywca.org/kimwardlaw or call Ashley at 626.296.8433. March 20: Do you write or read a blog in the San Gabriel Valley? Join us for the second annual Bloggers ' Picnic in Farnsworth Park (corner of Lake Ave. and Mount Curve in Altadena ) from noon to 3:00 pm. Bring a potluck dish to share at this free, fun event. Whenever: Help save the Adams Park Station General Store at Chantry Flats. Read Cafe Pasadena's post about how to give to the non-profit associated with the historic general store. Hope to see you! I know. I know. Food guru Michael Pollan would not approve of eating ramen with a little packet of dried seasoning listing no fewer than 14 ingredients (including MSG). Just the same, legions of college students have escaped starvation and financial ruin by subsisting on the eight for a buck packages of Maruchan or Nissin Top Ramen noodles. My own finicky daughter started school with a hot meal in her belly, thanks to the Cup Noodles that she slurped every morning in the car for an entire year. (That, no doubt, qualifies me for the parenting hall of shame.) But me? The one with the discriminating taste buds? The one with the refined palate? No, I wouldn't stoop to slurping the ramen of starving students or the grab-it-and-go breakfast bunch. Thanks to the influence of my Japanese American neighbor, Carol, I suck down Myojo Chukazanmai ramen. At $1.49 a package, Myojo is the gourmet version of instant ramen. Last Saturday, I pondered the flavor choices on a pilgrimage to Mitsuwa Market in Torrance. I dropped a few packages of soy sauce and soy bean paste flavored ramen packages into my cart. And then came the WTF moment: Oriental flavor ramen. Why would a Japanese company with a Japanese audience market a vague "Oriental" flavor? To avoid confusion with the milder "Occidental" flavor? To evoke memories of a favorite Oriental rug? To appeal to foodies looking for a touch of the exotic? According to this review by NoodleSon, it's the sesame oil and traces of Chinese cabbage that contribute that taste of the Orient. Whatever you call it, instant ramen can be a bowl of comfort on a cold, wet day. But I'll bet that Michael Pollan still wouldn't call it food. I have a friend who truly exemplifies the word "gracious." When I recently threw a small birthday luncheon for her, she gushed repeatedly, "I can't believe all of the effort you made." Of course, she's the type who would be appreciative if I ordered Domino's pizza and mixed up a pitcher of instant tea. "I didn't go to that much effort," I protested, and I wasn't being modest. Here's proof that you can host a lazy luncheon and still make your guests feel pampered. Lazy Appetizer: The pesto torta , which we enjoyed al fresco with a couple bottles of bubbly, is pretty enough to look like you labored, but easy enough to assemble in less than five minutes. If you're feeling too lazy to slice your own baguette, have the bakery department at Von's Market do it for you. Lazy Table Setting: Use what you have. In my case, that meant backyard citrus for the center pieces and personalized grapefruit as the place setting. The gold napkins, purchased from Motif in Pasadena, pulled the look together. Not a Lazy Salad: This Winter Delight Salad is not exactly lazy, but the combination of slightly bitter arugula, sweet sliced pears, sour Granny Smith apples, sweet and salty candied pecans and pungent blue cheese is worth the effort. Lazier Option: Save time slicing fruit and candying pecans. Toss the greens with dried cranberries, slivered almonds and feta cheese. Still beautiful and delicious at a fraction of the effort. But, no matter how lazy you're feeling, please don't use a bottled dressing. Take two minutes and shake up your own balsamic vinaigrette - olive oil, balsamic vinegar, a pinch of salt and a squeeze of lemon. Lazy Entree: It doesn't get easier or more delicious than this. I called Euro Pane and ordered their vegetarian quiche with a potato crust. They even sliced the pie for me and threw in a half dozen crusty currant rolls. Lazier Option : Ask one of your guests to pick up the quiche for you. Lazy Dessert: Add some bling to your table with shimmering oranges and pomegranate seeds. Make it special with a splash of Galliano liquor. Lazier Option: While you're at Euro Pane , pick up some of Sumie's famous lemon bars. So, go ahead and take the kudos for a lovely luncheon. Only you and I know how easy (and lazy) it really was. I first sank my teeth into one of Brent's Deli's Reuben sandwiches about ten years ago. I loved it, but I never went back. After all, Brent's is on the other side of the universe in Northridge . (I think I regard the San Fernando Valley in the same way that many Westsiders view the San Gabriel Valley: a long way to drive for a non-destination.) And I figured that crowded and popular delis like Brent's would be around forever. In spite of my Reuben infatuation, I was in no hurry to return. But that was before my "restaurants might kick the bucket before we do" epiphany. So when my deli-loving friend suggested Brent's as a "half-way" location for a lunch meeting, I bit. I circled around the mini-mall parking lot five times before snagging a space. At 11:30 am, Brent's was already crowded. The bustling deli was filled with families: elderly mothers breaking rye bread with middle-aged sons; grandmothers, mothers and toddlers sharing a table and chocolate cake; doting dads spoon feeding cabbage soup to adoring daughters. Brent's, like a treasured family brisket recipe, is passed from generation to generation. And as I once again sunk my teeth into the Black Pastrami Reuben Sandwich, I could see why. The thick layers of succulent pastrami, melted Swiss cheese, sauerkraut and Russian dressing between grilled rye live up to the menu's promise: the sandwich melts in your mouth. I don't think I'll wait another ten years to return. Brent's Delicatessan and Restaurant 19565 Parthenia St. Northridge CA 91324 818.886.5679 Open daily 6am to 9pm Photo from http://oldschoolla.com Do you have a bucket list? A roster of things that you want to accomplish before you kick the bucket? If you're like me, food plays a big part on the ol' bucket list. There's just one problem with including restaurants on your list of things to do before you die: the restaurant might kick the bucket before you do. Just this week, two Los Angeles resaurant icons bit the dust. I've been to one, Goody's in San Gabriel, perhaps hundreds of times over the last 20 years. I always talked about but never made it to the second, Papadakis Taverna, the Greek restaurant in San Pedro. For years, Goody's was the location for my weekend Breakfast Club with a good friend. The waitresses weren't exactly mean, but they had no patience for special requests. (Half caf, half decaf coffee? Go to Starbuck's, Sweetie.) Well, maybe they were a little mean, but that was part of the charm. My friend Carol and I assumed that we would be eating pancakes and eggs at Goody's forever, or at least until we were as old as the other shriveled little old ladies who frequented the place. But, alas, Goody's served their last cup of bitter coffee last week. There's talk of a new location in El Monte, but it won't be the same without the familiar Googie architecture and crusty waitresses. Papadakis, the Greek restaurant that was as well known for its raucous dancing and breaking plates as its food, will serve its last meal and shatter its last plate on Sunday, February 1. Friends and I always talked about dancing and eating at Papadakis, but we never made it. Now I'm feeling a sense of urgency. What's on my food bucket list? This spring I plan to attend the annual Ramp Festival in Richwood, West Virginia, a daylong celebration of the pungent wild onion that is now a staple at high-end restaurants. How about you? Remember, we won't live forever and neither will even the most iconic restaurants. (For a list of 100 foods to try before you die, check out this just-published, SF-centric list from 7x7 SF. Scroll down for a look at Roadside Diner's pulled pork sandwich. I don't think I can live without this sandwich.) I was 21 when I made the decision to move from South Carolina to Southern California. Granted, it was a teaching contract that lured me out to the Golden State (and a snotty promise to my parents that I would move as far away from home as possible when I finished college). But I have to admit that I had been seduced by watching one too many episodes of The Beverly Hillbillies: swimming pools, movie stars. Throw in the beach and Disneyland, and I was hooked. More than two decades later, I'm now a little jaded at the sight of movie stars. Mickey and Minnie Mouse no longer do it for me. But there's one thing that reminds me that I'm living the golden life in the Golden State: citrus. And if citrus was gold, I'd be a wealthy lady. Our backyard trees are heavy with oranges, grapefruits, Meyer lemons and pomellos. I still can't get over the thrill of going to the back yard to pluck oranges for a glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice. It took 12 oranges to make about 24 ounces of juice. Our grapefruit are a little sour, so I topped one with brown sugar and threw it under the broiler for 10 minutes. Get 'em while they're hot! Just let it cool before digging in. Nothing goes to waste. I use part of the peel to make orange zest and the remainder will go to our neighborhood goats. I'm making a Harvey Wallbanger cake with the rest of the fresh OJ and the orange zest. Of course, that means that I'll get to sip a Wallbanger cocktail while the bundt is in the oven (and before and after). Cheers to the good life in Southern California!  Bonjour ¨¤ tous et bienvenue! Moi, gourmande ? Noooon franchement ? Bon ok j'avoue ! Vous trouverez ici toutes les recettes (enfin certaines) que j'ai soigneusement gard¨¦es depuis quelques ann¨¦es: recettes de famille, experimentations personnelles, recettes approuv¨¦es ... etc. Je suis sure que vous trouverez de quoi r¨¦galer vos papilles et ¨¦pater vos amis ! S¨¦verine .... Bon ... cela fait 2 mois que je n'ai pas mis de recettes .... mais c'¨¦tait pour la bonne cause car je me suis inscrite ¨¤ des cours de cuisine japonaise. Et comme je suis super sympa je vais partager avec vous les recettes que j'ai apprises dans les cours mais aussi d'autres recettes que j'ai prises ¨¤ droite et ¨¤ gauche. Cette recette par exemple, je l'ai prise d'un livre australien d¨¦di¨¦ ¨¤ la cuisine japonaise. J'ai fait cette recette deux fois .. et a chaque fois cela a ¨¦t¨¦ un grand succ¨¨s !! Ingr¨¦dients : - 300g de filet de boeuf coup¨¦ en environ 12 tranches fines. - 2 carottes moyennes (240 g) - 3 oignons frais - 6 queues d'asperges coup¨¦es en deux dans le sens de la longueur - 2 cuill¨¨res ¨¤ soupe de maizena - 1 cuill¨¨re ¨¤ soupe d'huile v¨¦g¨¦tale - 1 cuill¨¨re ¨¤ soupe de sucre - 60 mL de mirin. Le mirin se trouve dans les supermarch¨¦s asiatiques ...cela ressemble a une bouteille d'huile. En g¨¦n¨¦ral la bouteille est assez chere .... mais elle vous durera longtemps ! - 2 cuill¨¨res ¨¤ caf¨¦ de sake (le japonais, pas le super fort qu'on vous sert ¨¤ la fin du repas dans les restaurants chinois) - 60 mL de sauce soja japonaise. Je vous recommande fortement la Kikkoman ... c'est vraiment la meilleure. Et faites bien attention de ne pas prendre une sauce soja d un autre pays car la saveur est totalement differente! Instructions: - Pelez les carottes et ¨¤ l'aide de l'¨¦plucheur faites des bandes fines de carottes (env. 1.5 cm de largeur ...enfin cela d¨¦pend de votre carotte :-P). Coupez les bandes de carottes de fa?on ¨¤ ce qu'elles soient de la m¨ºme longueur que les tranches de boeuf. - Dans un bol resistant ¨¤ la chaleur, mettre les asperges coup¨¦es et couvrir avec de l'eau bouillante. Laissez reposer 2 min puis rincez sous l'eau froide. - Coupez les asperges et les oignons&nbsp; de fa?on ¨¤ ce qu'ils soient de la m¨ºme largueur que les tranches de boeuf. (Si ca d¨¦passe un peu ce n'est pas tr¨¨s grave ;-) ) - Etalez les tranches de boeuf et saupoudrez d' 1 cuill¨¨re ¨¤ soupe de maizena. - Mettre sur chaque tranche (cot¨¦ maizena): 2 morceaux de carottes, 2 morceaux d'oignon, 1 morceau d'asperge. - Roulez les filets et s¨¦curisez avec un cure dent. - Saupoudrez les rouleaux de maizena. - Dans une po¨ºle anti-adh¨¦rente, chauffez l'huile ¨¤ feu moyen. - Ajoutez les rouleaux et les faire cuire jusqu'¨¤ ce qu'ils soient l¨¦g¨¨rement dor¨¦s de tous les cot¨¦s. - Retirez les rouleaux et enlevez l'huile de la po¨ºle en utilisant du papier absorbant. - Remettre la po¨ºle sur le feu. Ajoutez le sucre, le sak¨¦, le mirin et la sauce soja et cuire jusqu'¨¤ ¨¦bullition. - Baissez le feu et ajoutez les rouleaux. Mijotez en retournant les rouleaux r¨¦guli¨¨rement jusqu'¨¤ ce que la viande soit cuite. - Si vous voulez une sauce plus ¨¦paisse, retirez les rouleaux et faites r¨¦duire la sauce. - Laissez reposer les rouleaux 2 minutes puis retirez les cure dents et coupez chaque rouleaux en deux. - Servir avec la sauce. Le Saviez-Vous?&nbsp; Vous pouvez trouver dans les supermarch¨¦s asiatiques de fines tranches de boeuf vendues sous le nom de "yakiniku" ou "sukiyaki" .... elles sont souvent surgel¨¦es et tr¨¨s pratiques pour cette recette !! Voici un recette de flautas vertes au poulet tr¨¨s facile ¨¤ r¨¦aliser. Attention la salsa verde est tr¨¨s picante donc pas trop conseill¨¦e pour les enfants ! Ingr¨¦dients: (pour environ 10 flautas) - 2 blancs de poulet (env. 450 - 500g) - 2 cubes de bouillon de poulet - 10 tortillas - 1 ou 2 avocats m?r - De la "salsa verde" que vous trouverez dans les ¨¦piceries proposant des produits d'am¨¦rique latine - Lait - Coriandre - Sel - Huile pour la friture Pr¨¦paration de la sauce ¨¤ l'avocat: - Coupez les avocats en deux puis retirez les noyaux (en "plantant" un couteau dans le noyau, vous devriez pouvoir le sortir facilement si vos avocats sont assez murs...) - Retirez la chair de l'avocat et mettez la dans un mixeur (ou dans un saladier si vous n'avez pas de mixeur). - Ajoutez de la coriandre (quantit¨¦ suivant votre go?t), un peu de lait et du sel. - Mixez (ou ¨¦crasez avec une fourchette) enti¨¨rement, il ne doit pas rester de morceaux d'avocat. - Ajouter si besoin du lait. Vous devez obtenir une sauce cr¨¦meuse mais pas liquide! - Rectifiez l'assaisonnement. Pr¨¦paration des flautas: - Mettre une assez grande quantit¨¦ d'eau ¨¤ bouillir dans une casserole avec les 2 cubes de poulet. - Ajoutez les blancs de poulet et laissez cuire 20-30 min - Une fois les blancs de poulet cuits, sortez les de la casserole et posez les sur une plaque ¨¤ d¨¦couper. - En utilisant 2 fourchettes, "d¨¦chirez" les blancs de poulet en filaments (voir photo). Encore une fois, cela devrait se d¨¦tacher assez facilement si 1/ vos blancs sont assez cuits 2/vous d¨¦chirez dans le sens de la fibre. - D¨¦posez une tortilla sur votre plan de travail et mettez un peu de poulet sur toute la longueur. - Roulez la flauta en prenant soin de bien serrer et de rabattre les cot¨¦s au fur et ¨¤ mesure que vous enroulez. - S¨¦curisez ¨¤ l'aide de cure dents. Vous devriez pouvoir mettre deux flauta sur un seul cure dent. - Rep¨¦tez l'op¨¦ration "enroulage" jusqu'¨¤ ¨¦puisement du poulet. - Mettre de l'huile a chauffer (environ 1 cm) dans une po¨ºle assez large. - Faites frire les flautas jusqu'¨¤ que les deux cot¨¦s soient bien dor¨¦s. - Retirez et mettre sur du papier absorbant quelques minutes Pour servir: - Mettre 4 flautas (pour les gros ap¨¦tits) dans un assiette sans oublier de retirer les cure dents ! - Badigeonner ¨¤ volont¨¦ de sauce ¨¤ l'avocat et de salsa verde !!! La douceur de l'avocat va contrebalanc¨¦ le piment de la salsa verde. Ne pas h¨¦sitez sur les quantit¨¦ faut vraiment que les flauras baignent dans la sauce !! Voil¨¤, bon ap¨¦tit !!! J'esp¨¨re que cette recette vous plaira ! Le Saviez-Vous ? La salsa verde est une sauce mexicaine faite ¨¤ partir de "tomatillos", de piments, de coriandre et de citron. Bien que les tomatillos ressemblent ¨¤ des tomates vertes, ce ne sont pas des tomates cueillies avant maturit¨¦ mais une vari¨¦t¨¦ de physalis. Cela fait maintenant tr¨¨s longtemps que je n'ai pas ajout¨¦ de recettes ¨¤ me petit blog :( Enfin j avais l'intention de faire un vrai site ... mais au final je n'ai rien fait ... m¨ºme si cette id¨¦e est toujours dans mon esprit, je sais que je ne pourrai pas le faire dans le court terme, j'ai donc juste d¨¦cid¨¦ de reprendre mon blog. Pour cela, je vous propose une petite recette d?¨¦paule d'agneau que j'ai essay¨¦ ce weekend. Malheureusement, je n'ai pas pris de photos ..... J'¨¦tais bien trop press¨¦e de le manger :-P .. ah la la .. la gourmandise ... ca joue des tours. Mais bon tant pis, cela veut dire qu'il faudra que je le refasse pour ensuite vous mettre une jolie photo :) Ou si vous le souhaitez, envoyez vos photos et je les mettrai sur le site ! Cette recette est super facile ¨¤ faire. Elle demande cependant un tr¨¨s long temps de cuisson ... mais vous pourrez vous absenter pendant toute la dur¨¦e de la cuisson. En effet, nous allons utiliser un four ¨¤ temp¨¦rature basse et recouvrir le plat d'aluminium ...donc rien ne risque de cramer en quelques secondes ! Allez c'est parti ! Ingr¨¦dients: - Une ¨¦paule d?agneau - Une t¨ºte d'ail - Une botte de romarin frais - Une botte de menthe fraiche - Des c?pres au vinaigre (moi j adore ca donc j en ai mis pas mal (100g) ..mais vous faites a votre gout) - 1/2 L de bouillon de poulet - 1 cuill¨¨re ¨¤ soupe de farine bien remplie - Un peu d'huile d'olive - Un peu de vinaigre ou vin rouge Pr¨¦paration: - Pr¨¦chauffez votre four au maximum (220 degres par ex) ..on baissera ensuite. - Sur une planche, placez l'¨¦paule d'agneau et avec la pointe d'un couteau , entaillez la l¨¦g¨¨rement. Il faut faire plusieurs lignes sur la largeur tout le long de l'¨¦paule d'agneau. - Salez et poivrez g¨¦n¨¦reusement les deux cot¨¦s de l'¨¦paule d'agneau. - D¨¦tachez toutes les gousses d'ails de la t¨ºte. Vous devez enlever la peau blanche de la t¨ºte d'ail mais vous n'avez pas besoin d'¨¦plucher les gousses. - Dans un plat ¨¤ four mettre les 3/4 des gousses au fond. - Prenez 3-4 branches de romarin, coupez les en 2/3 (ciseaux, mains ...) et placez les ¨¦galement au fond de votre plat. N'h¨¦sitez surtout pas sur les quantit¨¦s de romarin, il en faut beaucoup. - Posez votre ¨¦paule d'agneau dessus et ajoutez dessus les gousses d'ail restantes et encore du romarin. - Mettez quelques filets d'huiles d'olives par dessus. - Couvrez votre plat avec de la feuille d'aluminium et fermez bien. - Et zouuuuu au four pendant 4h ! Baissez votre four a 160 degr¨¦s environ. Pendant toute la dur¨¦e de cuisson, n'ouvrez pas votre four ... Votre ¨¦paule cuit bien gentillement sous l'alu et sera merveilleuse ! ... entre temps.. allez prendre un bain .. allez voir un film .. etc. Comme je l'ai dit plus haut la pr¨¦paration est vraiment super facile et je suis sure que les plus nuls d'entre vous y arriveront .. c'est juste la cuisson qui est un peu longue. Donc au bout de 4h .... neu non, ce n'est pas encore tout ¨¤ fait fini ;) Il faut maintenant faire la sauce .. mais la aussi ne vous inqui¨¦tez pas, c'est super simple. - Cisailler finement une grosse poign¨¦e de feuilles de menthe (juste les feuilles !!) et les c?pres. Je vous conseille de faire ?a quelques minutes avant la fin de la cuisson. - Sortez votre ¨¦paule du four. Normalement la viande devrait se d¨¦tacher toute seule. La viande ¨¤ ce stade doit avoir un aspect assez collant.... si si si je vous assure c'est d¨¦licieux, la viande est super fondante. Mettez aussi les gousses d'ail de cot¨¦ et enlevez les branches de romarin du plat. - Enlevez l'exc¨¨s d'huile du plat ... ne raclez pas il faut garder les "jus" de cuisson pour faire la sauce !!! - Mettre votre plat sur les plaques de cuissons (allum¨¦es sur feux moyen-fort) - Saupoudrez de farine et "grattez" un peu le fond pour d¨¦tacher les jus de cuissons. - Ajoutez la menthe et c?pres et continuez ¨¤ touiller - Ajoutez le bouillon de poulet. - Faites bouillir jusqu'¨¤ ce que la sauce s'¨¦paississe un peu. - Ajoutez une cuill¨¨re ¨¤ soupe de vinaigre ou vin rouge. .... Et voiiiiil¨¤ votre sauce est pr¨ºte.... mettez la dans un bol pour servir. Vous voyez ce n'¨¦tait pas sorcier :) Pour servir donc, il faut la viande, la sauce ... et vous pouvez accompagner ?a de quelques l¨¦gumes tels que ¨¦pinards (cuits simplement a l'eau) ou un m¨¦lange de patates + carottes en semi-pur¨¦e (comprenez par l¨¤ qu'il faut que ce soit ¨¦cras¨¦ mais sans que cela ressemble ¨¤ un pot pour b¨¦b¨¦ :P) Bon app¨¦tit .. et envoyez moi vos photos ! Le Saviez-Vous ? Le romarin est excellent pour activer les fonctions digestives (notamment la v¨¦sicule biliaire) et a une action stimulante sur le syst¨¨me nerveux. Il est aussi utilis¨¦ depuis des si¨¨cles en parfumerie. Mmmm voici une petite recette sympa de truffes au chocolat. Parfait pour les f¨ºtes de No?l. La premi¨¨re fois que je les ai faites toute ma famille les a ador¨¦ ! Cette semaine je les teste sur mes coll¨¨gues de bureau ;-) Ingr¨¦dients pour environ 1 kg de truffes: - 190 g de sucre - 40 g de beurre demi sel - 260 g de cr¨¨me fraiche liquide - 300 g de chocolat noir patissier (j'utilise toujours un chocolat noir ¨¤ 64% de cacao) - 180 g de chocolat au lait - Cacao Van Houten Pr¨¦paration: - Raper le chocolat noir et le chocolat au lait. Mettez le dans un bol r¨¦sistant ¨¤ la chaleur. - Faire fondre le beurre et chauffer la cr¨¨me - En m¨ºme temps, pr¨¦parez un caramel avec le sucre et environ 2 cuill¨¨res ¨¤ soupe d'eau. Surveillez bien votre caramel et ¨¦loignez les enfants! - Une fois votre caramel roux, versez dessus la cr¨¨me, le beurre et m¨¦langez bien. Attention !! La diff¨¦rence de temp¨¦rature va cr¨¦er des ¨¦claboussures, ¨¦loignez vous le plus possible de la casserole. Par ailleurs, la cr¨¨me va "monter" donc je vous conseille de prendre une casserole assez grande. - Versez la pr¨¦paration chaude sur le chocolat. Remuez bien jusqu'¨¤ obtention du p?te lisse. Si vous avez bien r?p¨¦ votre chocolat il fond tr¨¨s rapidement! - Tapissez un moule ou une plaque de papier sulfuris¨¦ et versez y la p?te. Faire reposer quelques heures au r¨¦frig¨¦rateur le temps que cela durcisse. - Ensuite, coupez des petits carr¨¦s de p?te (2-3 cm), roulez les dans la paume de vos mains (oui, vous allez vous en mettre de partout !) puis roulez la truffe dans le cacao. - Conservez vos truffes dans un jolie boite ... de pr¨¦f¨¦rence au frigo car sinon elles ramolliront trop vite. Oui oui je sais ... ce n'est pas du tout di¨¦t¨¦tique ... mais c'est tellement bon !! Le Saviez-Vous? Pour que le caramel reste liquide plus longtemps vous pouvez ajouter ? cuiller ¨¤ caf¨¦ de vinaigre ou un filet de citron pour 100 g de sucre. Encore une petite recette avec du thon.. mais cette fois ci, nous allons utiliser du thon en boite... c'est bien plus pratique! Ce souffl¨¦ est d¨¦licieux servi froid en entr¨¦e avec une petite salade :-) La recette m'a ¨¦t¨¦ transmise par ma marraine :-) Ingr¨¦dients: - 8 Oeufs (s¨¦parez blancs et jaunes) - 30 - 40 g de beurre ramolli - 3 boites de thon ¨¤ l'huile (1 boite = 160g = 112g ¨¦goutt¨¦) - 2 poivrons rouges coup¨¦s en petits d¨¦s - 1 petite boite de concentr¨¦ de tomates - Noix de muscade (option) - Sel et poivre Pr¨¦paration : - Battre les jeunes d'oeufs dans un saladier - Ajoutez le beurre - Ajoutez les 3 boites de thon ¨¦mi¨¦tt¨¦. Attention, il faut mettre une boite de thon enti¨¨re (thon + huile) et ¨¦goutez les deux autres boites en gardant l'huile dans une tasse. - Ajoutez les poivrons et la boite de tomate concentr¨¦e. - Ajoutez de la noix de muscade si vous aimez ca, ainsi que le sel et le poivre. Le thon ¨¦tant d¨¦j¨¤ sal¨¦ faites attention ¨¤ ne pas trop en mettre. - M¨¦langez bient le tout. - Montez les blancs en neige ferme (cela sera plus facile si les blancs sont ¨¤ la temp¨¦rature de la pi¨¨ce et si vous ajoutez just une pinc¨¦e de sel avant de les monter). Ajoutez ensuite les blancs mont¨¦s ¨¤ la pr¨¦paration en m¨¦langeant d¨¦licatement. - Si le m¨¦lange vous semble trop sec, ajoutez un peu d'huile des boites de thon que vous avez gard¨¦e. - Mettre le tout dans un moule huil¨¦ ou beurr¨¦ et faire cuire au four thermosta 6 ou 7 ( 180 ou 210) au moins une 1/2 heure au bain marie. Le dessus doit ¨ºtre bien marron, pour verifier la cuisson piquer le souffl¨¦ avec un couteau. Voila, il ne reste plus qu'¨¤ laisser refroidir tout ca ! Le Saviez-Vous ? Le poivron est tr¨¨s faible en calorie (seulement 27 kcal au 100g !) et est une excellente source vitamines A et C. Le poivron est ¨¦galement appel¨¦ piment doux ou encore poivron d'Am¨¦rique. Donc, en r¨¦sum¨¦ non seulement le poivron est bon pour votre sant¨¦ mais en plus il met de la couleur dans votre assiette ! Voici une recette tr¨¨s facile ¨¤ effectuer ! :-) La cuisson prolong¨¦e rend les aubergines fondantes :-) Ingr¨¦dients: - 4 Aubergines ¨¦pluch¨¦s - 1 Gros oignon - Une tranche de lard - 1 cuillere ¨¤ caf¨¦ de poudre de curry - Sel et huile Pr¨¦paration: - Faire d¨¦gorger les aubergines coup¨¦es en rondelle dans du sel pendant environ 30 min. Ensuite rincez les bien afin d'¨¦liminer le sel et s¨¦chez les bien. - Faites chauffer un peu d'huile dans une po¨ºle et faites-y revenir le lard ¨¦minc¨¦ ainsi que l'oignon qu vous aurez p¨¦alablement hach¨¦. Ne mettez pas trop d'huile car le lard est d¨¦j¨¤ tr¨¨s gras! - Ajoutez le curry puis ajoutez les aubergines. - Lorsque les aubergines sont dor¨¦es, prolongez la cuisson a petit feu pendant environ 45 minutes. Voila c'est pr¨ºt! Servez bien chaud. Vous pouvez utiliser ce curry en acompagnement avec du riz. Le Saviez-Vous ? Les premiers pays producteurs d'aubergine au niveau mondial sont la Chine, l'Inde et la Turquie. L'aubergine doit se choisir bien ferme avec une peau lisse et brillante. Prenez une aubergine d'une belle couleur violette. Cela fait un long moment que je n'ai pas post¨¦ de recettes :-( ... donc pour me rattraper, vous trouverez ci dessous la recette du thon ¨¤ la catalane de Maman... et comme tout le monde le sait les recettes des mamans sont toujours les meilleures ! Ce plat peut se manger chaud ou froid et se conserve tr¨¨s bien quelques jours au frigo :-) Encore une fois je n'ai pas les proportions exactes mais cela n'est pas tres grave, faites selon votre gout et l'app¨¦tit de vos hotes ! Ingr¨¦dients: - Darnes de thon frais - Oignons -Tomates ou 1 boite de tomates pel¨¦es - Poivrons rouges - Ail - Paprika doux - Feuilles de lauriers - Cornichons - Jus des cornichons du pot de cornichon - Un peu de farine Pr¨¦paration: - Fariner et frire les darnes de thon dans de l'huile d'olive ( pas trop). - Mettre le thon de cot¨¦. - Couper les oignons en lamelles , le poivrons en d¨¦s, ail en lamelles. - Faire revenir le tout dans l'huile de friture du thon avec les feuilles de laurier. - Ajouter des tomates fra?ches coup¨¦es en petits d¨¦s....ou a defaut une grosse boite de tomates pel¨¦es. - Ajouter un peu de paprika et laisser cuire le tout quelques instants. - Ajouter cornichons coup¨¦s en deux dans le sens de la longueur et du jus de conserve des cornichons (pas trop sinon ca va ¨ºtre trop vinaigr¨¦) - Laisser mijoter encore quelques instant - Pendant ce temps nettoyer les darnes de thon...enlever peau..ar¨ºtes..et couper le thon en morceaux pas trop gros... mais pas trop petits non plus .. des morceaux de 5 cms environ devraient faire l'affaire! - Mettre le thon dans la sauce laisser mijoter 4 ¨¤ 5 minutes a feu doux. C'est pr¨ºt!! Le Saviez-Vous? Le thon d¨¦signe plusieurs esp¨¨ces de poisson. Il y a les thons rouges; les thons blancs (ou germon), jaune (ou albacore), patudo, listao ... ces trois derni¨¨res esp¨¨ces ¨¦tants des thons tropicaux. Le thon est un tr¨¨s bon aliment car il contient ¨¦norm¨¦ment de prot¨¦ines, peu de cholest¨¦rol et regorge d'¨¦l¨¦ment nutritif !  Everything in the green world here in DC is popping, snapping, opening, rising, jumping out of the ground, from the little casings that hold the tree blooms, from the tips of the branches. It is like a slo-mo explosion of color outside. This is the great crescendo of spring in the American midatlantic. Oh my. I find spring here, by turns, overwhelming, irritating, and unbelievably beautiful. Every year, including this year of course, spring blows me away. There are days when I dance in shamanic alignment with the colors and shapes, when I become more vivid, put on a deep shade of pink lipstick and extra mascara. Other days I just want to run away from it all, go north or head out west past the Rockies, to places less verdant and therefore more peaceful. My respiratory system reacts as if it has been attacked which is the very reason I went forth this morning to buy bucketsfull of allergy meds. This year I'm trying Zyrtec, a more virile 24 hour concoction than the Claritin I usually take. I'm diving into the big antihistamines this year because I have a feeling that after our cold, snowy winter, this spring is going to be extra powerful. Judging by the way everything seems to be blooming all at once, I'm thinking my prediction is spot on. Gird your loins, people. Spring has sprung! Across the bar at Founding Farmers. Oh the rain, it does not stop. We've had three or four days of steady, soft, warm rain. I am not complaining. Those of us who suffer from springtime allergies welcome rain. It gathers the pollen and brings it down to the ground, a Very Good Thing. The rain, along with the mild head cold I'm just recovering from, has provided an excuse to just sit around. I've been watching Carl Sagan videos (of which there are a zillion on the internet) almost obsessively. I am completely fascinated - not so much by the science he describes as by his point of view. Only thirty years ago, we Americans were still dramatically Europe-centric, human-as-supreme-species-centric. To a fault, we believed our culture to be the center of the world. It kind of blows me away, realizing how much of an effect revisionist history has had not only on the humanities, but on the sciences as well. Our Ptolemaic view of what western culture is/was, i.e. the center of the world, has completely changed during the last few decades. How did it happen? When did it happen? How was it that we were finally able to admit that there have been many great, complex and interesting cultures in the history of the world, that many species have great intelligence? When did we open our minds? Did the spirit of Copernicus whisper in our collective ears? What happened to change the paradigm? I have no clue. Do you? On the Metro train, a great common denominator of humanity. Only because I think Brian Cox is the coolest rock star physicist ever, and because he raves about it, I've been watching old episodes of Cosmos with Carl Sagan (on hulu.com). I am so enjoying it. Cosmos is an icon of its time, (as is all art as well as all science). Though Sagan was the grooviest of groovies, seen through the lens of the decades that have passed since the series was made, his point of view is quaint to my modern sensibility. He speaks repeatedly of the "dominating intelligence" of human beings, and disparages the idiocy of nuclear weapons, for instance. I'm not clear that anyone I know actually sees nuclear war as a real possibility anymore. It was so of that time. Also, since the 1970's when Cosmos was made, we've stopped thinking of ourselves as a dominating intelligence, at least within the realm of popular science shows. These days, in most science documentaries, we focus on global warming and the loss of so many species on earth. We endlessly blame ourselves for every damn thing. That's one reason I have come to dislike science museums. It's all about how bad we are these days, rather than about science. Such a gloomy way to look at the marvels of our reality, don't you think? (Not to excuse our wastefulness or mindlessness, should say.) One thing we have now that we didn't have then are incredible special effects. In the 1970's there was no such thing as the Hubbel telescope either, so we didn't have all the stunning pictures of stars and planets, in HD, to work with. I don't get BBC TV on the cable here in the house on Tennessee Avenue, so I'll have to wait until Brian Cox's The Seven Wonders of the Solar System finds its way onto the internet to see full episodes. I'm content in the meantime to walk down memory lane with Carl Sagan and his essentially psychedelic 1970's worldview of science. I wonder how Brian Cox will look thirty years from now? Hmmm... From wikipedia: A virus (from the Latin virus meaning toxin or poison) is a small infectious agent that can replicate only inside the cells of other organisms. Viruses infect all types of organisms, from animals and plants to bacteria and archaea. There are millions of different types. Viruses are found in almost every ecosystem on Earth and these minute structures are the most abundant type of biological entity. So there really is no contest, no point in even trying to fight it. When the nasty cold virus decides it's time to take a bite out of me, I might as well submit, right? Ahhhhh-choooo! But even as I engage in typical down-with-a-cold behaviors: you know, drinking tea and leaving a trail of crumpled kleenexes in my wake, I always wonder WHY? Why did I catch this cold? Did the ghosts get to me in some way I was unaware of? Was it the extra-dynamic acupuncture I had this week? Did some early season allergy thing kick it into gear? The WHY ME thought form is no doubt left over from my years on the west coast where I believe it's a cultural imperative to believe that all illness happens for a reason. (Here on the east coast, we don't believe in minor illness. At the first sign of a cold, we swallow some toxic, over the counter medicine and go back to work. End of story.) Maybe today, while it rains and the virus parties in my sinuses, I should get myself back into what I think of as the midwestern mindset, which is: when you get a cold, get in bed, watch movies, read magazines and sleep a lot. I love the midwestern sensibility. Ahhh ... common sense! Now excuse me while I blow my nose - again! No, this isn't the haunted house, just another beautiful Capitol Hill house. I wanted to take a picture of the haunted house, but as soon as I aimed my camera towards the window where I saw the ghost's face, my trusty camera switched itself off and refused to come back on ... until later, on the Metro train, on my way home. Even though I believe in all kinds of mysteries, incidents like this still surprise me. A minute later the woman who called me about the haunting mentioned that after she and her husband moved in, every one of the kitchen appliances died, one by one, one each day until the whole kitchen was kaput. The night that the last appliance broke down, she heard kitchen cabinets opening and closing all night long. Even her husband heard it, and he is not given to thinking about or believing in psychic phenomena. Poor guy. He is in for one crazy ride. Even after yesterday, I still maintain that the White House is the most haunted house I have ever encountered, but this house in Alexandria? A very close second. There is so much going on there, indoors and out, that it would take several blog posts to describe all the energy. Briefly, surrounding the house are the remains of a Civil War hospital, adjacent to a Civil War battlefield. On the other side of the house is a new housing development. Land spirits really hate housing developments. And now here she is, rebuilding the foundation of the house which is, itself, completely full of what appears to my inner eye to be a family of ghosts. There are several generations of ghosts there, some it seems, from the "old country" wherever that is, some who lived in the house. The energy is so strong that at one point, wandering around, I mentioned that I was very dizzy. The woman said, "I stay away from that corner." I found many areas of dizzy energy in the house which is laid out like a maze. I wonder who designed it. It's like an Escher house with stairs going up and down, landings everywhere. To get from one end of the house to the other involves following a tremendously circuitous route. Crazy. I can see why the movers were reluctant to go inside. Believe me, that house is haunted! So I didn't do anything but ring the Tibetan singing bowl in the dizzy corner. It never hurts to ring the bowl, especially at times when I have no idea where to start. For the time being, the residents of the house are content to sit with the energy. She said things had calmed down during the past week, so maybe the ghost family has welcomed her. When I got back to the Hill I took a very long walk, let the breeze and the light of the setting sun clear away all that energy. There are hauntings and there are hauntings. The place I visited yesterday? All I can say is Wow. Pennsylvania Avenue by the IMF, close to Founding Farmers, my very favorite restaurant in Washington. On my calendar for today is an appointment to go see about a haunting in Alexandria. I'm looking forward to the experience as I have a special affection for ghosts. They remind me of all the stoners I used to hang out with. What am I saying? They remind me of ME when I was a stoner, kind of fuzzy around the edges, unable to focus most of the time. Ghosts get disoriented, they lose track of time, can't quite remember, most of the time, that they're dead. Sometimes they remember their deaths and freak out for awhile - that's when they moan and shriek and groan. But five minutes later they've forgotten all about it again. I swear ghosts are so stoned! They don't really get the living, either. I'm pretty sure they can't tell the difference between when we're awake and asleep, which is why they're always trying to talk to us while we're sleeping. We're quiet, not rushing around, when we're asleep. We switch off the lights, tv, computers, ipods, etc. when we sleep. I think they feel we are more approachable without all the noise and distraction. The people who called me about the haunting just bought a house that's registered with the National Trust for Historic Preservation. It's close to a Civil War battlefield, but not right on top of it, which could be a factor in the haunting, though the woman who contacted me says she thinks it might be a female. Even the movers, burly dudes (as she described them) thought they saw someone looking out a window on the second floor. It won't surprise anyone who has known me for awhile that I plan to bring a small hand mirror with me today. I like to walk around haunted houses looking at a reflection of the space. Sometimes I can "see" things in the mirror I wouldn't notice if I was looking directly at them. I'll bring my Tibetan singing bowl and the purbha that Butternut Squash (of the blog Goddess of the Confluence) gave me. Sometimes the clear tone of the bowl is all a spirit needs to snap out of her dreamstate and move along. Sometimes it takes more than that. I also always take a rattle. Ghosts don't really like rattles, which is one reason it's traditional to give rattles to babies - to keep the ghosts away. But it does get them all stirred up, makes them more visible. It's a small annoyance I always apologize for. And my camera. Of course I'll take my camera. Though dubious that I'll capture the ghost digitally, it's always worth having the camera at the ready, just in case. The next time I complain about my life, I hope someone will remind me that actually my life is SO interesting! Yes? I say yes. While one of my housemates is in Spain, I'm in charge of walking his dog. I tend to walk the dogs anyway, whenever it suits me, but I'll admit that since Jake died, I've been a lot lazier than I used to be, sleeping in, reading blogs until 10 a.m. when I finally boost myself out the door. Tonka is a boisterous, energetic beast, much the way Jake was at the same age (five), so I'm up and out the door early every day, back out midday and once again in the evening. I am becoming reaquainted with the routes I used to take but abandoned after Jake, routes on which there's plenty of grass to provide inspiration, good smells, and easy to scoop locations. I keep seeing people I haven't seen since last summer, out with their dogs. Walking Tonka has provided access to dog society, synched my rhythms with those of many wonderful neighbors. When Jake died a whole culture disappeared before my very eyes. I'm a part of it again for the time being, which is so nice. I'm no longer grieving for Jake so it's not hard to explain to these people that no, Tonka is not my new dog. For a long time after Jake died, I choked up anytime anyone mentioned him. I'm asked every morning, after I explain about Tonka, when I'll get a new dog. All I can do is shrug my shoulders and say I don't know. I have no desire to get a new dog. Is that normal? Jake was the only dog I've ever had, perhaps ever will have. Who knows? One thing I'm re-learning is how much I love to walk around the neighborhood first thing in the morning when the day is fresh, the birds are singing and all seems peaceful and new. I'm grateful for this dog walking gig, I am. The weather has completely turned, and though I'm certain we will see more cold, raw, early spring days, winter is definitely done. Today Brother Sun will bring the thermometer up to 65 F. Ahhhh ... that's almost warm! Naturally I am feeling overambitious, as befits a sparkling early spring day. My to do list goes on and on. And on. According to the cosmology of Reya, springtime overambitiousness is a natural reaction to the upwards surging energy of spring. It is so strong today that I feel kind of superhero-ish. Where did I put my cape and funny mask? Where are my tights?? TODAY I WILL SAVE THE WORLD! Err ... or ... maybe not. But maybe I'll get the laundry done, the groceries purchased, and my room cleaned. Maybe the dogs will get a super-long walk, maybe I'll take some nice pictures, maybe I'll make a spinach salad after I meet my friend for a martini. It's probably enough, isn't it? I mean, if I'm only able to "save" my little corner of the world today? It's OK not to be a superhero, right? Yes? I say yes. .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } A tagine is an absolutely delicious sort of Moroccan stew. This one was made by Ismail's mother. The base is chicken breast to which all sorts of fresh vegetables like zucchini and potato are added. Then spices and olives.....yum. Cooked almost all day, very slowly. To be served with flat bread and salad. This tagine was made in our neighborhood and each tagine is a little different. For excellent Moroccan recipes go here. &nbsp; .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } In Moulay Bouzerktoun some 25 k. north of Essouira, the mosque overlooks the beach and the Atlantic. High on the cliff, there is a little cafe where you can watch the tide encroaching and retreating... and see the traditional fishing boats. The amazing blue &nbsp;is used on the boats and also many of the doors and window frames in this part of Morocco. I don't think it has a particular name but someone may well correct me. One of my favorite Atlantic beaches in the world. .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } It's difficult to try to explain the house to anyone not familiar to Morocco. Unlike most houses in Europe and the US, there are few, if any, exterior windows --everything opens on to a courtyard. This is Mimi on the landing outside our bedroom by the fragrant jasmine bush. This is outside Robert's studio looking down into the courtyard. Pomegranates on the roof. The colors of the fruits are lovely against the traditional tiles. This is the little 'salon,' or sitting room, downstairs. The chair was made by a man on Derb Dabachi, the cushion covers up by the Mellah market. The rug is very old and from the Middle Atlas. It is hard to find black and white rugs --most often the rugs are much more brightly colored. The tiles are new since the old ones were quite worn out. The room is looking pretty neat, so Ghizlain must have tidied it up. There are no windows at all. Laundry in Morocco may be picturesque --see the photos by our daughter Claudia Schmid -- but it is also boring and time consuming. Since we don't have a washing machine I have a trusty blue bucket instead, and a wooden paddle to stir things with. I soak things in the bucket, scrub the grubby bits, rinse things a lot ? since the water is so full of minerals it¡¯s hard to get the scum out, then wring the wretched things by hand and carry them up two long flights of stairs. Dryers exist here, but most people, like us, merely haul everything up to the roof. To be honest, I don¡¯t attempt loads of sheets ? we take them to the laundry proper. Pegs seem to be considered rather a frill -- how much easier it is to just throw things on the wall, where everything, including blue jeans, dries almost at once. Of course, sometimes things float off into one's neighbor's courtyard and they may or may not reappear. All in all, washing machines are very good inventions. .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } Robert's studio on the second floor. You can see the very traditional, hand painted doors and the old tiles. The chair was made just a few hundred yards up the street. The painting on the wall is of people walking across Djemma Elfna. The railing goes round the courtyard and the little plant struggles in the heat. .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } The light casts wonderful shadows on the wall of the blue-painted villa. For lots more pictures and details of this magic garden go here &nbsp; . .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } The donkey waits patiently in the derb. He will eat anything given the chance. His harness made up of all sorts of things. When I asked what the donkey's name was I was told just donkey --not Neddy or Fleur or anything - because he has a job rather than being a pet. Robert made a full size painting of a donkey we saw in Djemma Elfna. .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } Fountain in Derb Djedid , originally uploaded by schmidwix2 . This little fountain in the courtyard is always decorated with flowers. The ivy climbs well and clings on to the tadelakt. Above the fountain is a Berber tent peg that Ira gave us.  Capturing a fun moment with new street art around Kings Cross  Passed by this windowsill the other day.  Who do you suppose lives in this house?  Found these great mugs at Spitalfields Market.How many of you know about the pudding called Spotted Dick?  A steamed suet concoction with currants, generally served with custard.  Seems to have originated around 1850.Think I'll opt for a fairy cake. City cow, suitable for apartment living, raised outdoors, organic, happy.What else needs to go on the label?  Although London has the reputation of the city of grey skies, it isn't actually constantly grey. Sure there are grey days but equally there are blue skies, cloudy skies and magical sunsets. Throw in a river that rises and falls 8 metres with the tide, with history of battles and bridges, intrigue and murder and you start to fell the magic of London.Remember to visit the other skies around the globe.  Today is a special theme day to mark the 5th anniversary of Paris Daily Photo. Eric began the concept of a daily photo of the city you live in. Five years on there are now more than 1100 of us.To mark this occasion we are all posting a picture taken from the ground or at an odd angle. A technique Eric often uses.I chose these cupcakes from the Alice in Wonderland store of Selfridges department store. A cake for Eric to say congratulations and a cake for me as it's my birthday.What a grand day.Now see what everyone else has come up withClick here to view thumbnails for all participan I'm partial to March lion weather. The downpour has been nonstop, the winds are blustery and my toes are darn near frozen together but you can feel the seasons are changing nonetheless. Wore my scratchiest wool sweater today (knit it myself cause I can never find them scratchy enough) while I hunkered down in the shop and watched rain splash down the storefont for hours. Of course Saipua is a delicious slice of spring right now. Lilac, rex begonia, muscari, sweet pea, hellebores, snap dragons, hyacinth, parrot tulips, cherry blossoms. Even a rare canine cutest maximus complete with ivy garland. Appropriate only for a Red Hook rendition of A Midsummer Night's Dream , staring Nea. For those not in possession of feet that can easily walk to the Met on the first spring like day of the year, allow me to personally escort you via dreamland for the next 5 minutes. Playing with Pictures: The Art of Victorian Photocollage really hit me hard. Grace suggested I go and I was completely entranced. I was that girl who devours every inch of written word on the walls and lingers too long with her nose pressed to each and every piece. Behavior which I tend to find s anctimonious in others but don't generally hesitate in doling out myself when the time is right. The show focused on a trend of the mid 19th century- aristocratic women painting vignettes and the pasting photographs of the disembodied heads of their friends and family into the scene. The resulting albums are wildly clever and now my conception of victorian stuffiness is totally skewed. Not to mention these rich ladies were charming painters, in and of themselves. Just another reason why I should have been to born to Victorian aristocracy. Instead, I got yoga doing hippie parents in 1984. Not complaining..... Only a little. Checking my mail always makes me a little anxious. I know that 96% of the time there's going to be nothing good, or even worse, nothing at all. I've been getting a lot of letters addressed to my ex-boyfriend and I that advertise buying joint funeral plots. Depressing on so many levels. And yet I watch my mailbox like a hawk. Every Sunday as I automatically reach for my mail key, my heart sinks a little bit when I realize there's not even the tiniest of hope that something wonderful will be waiting inside. Until something wonderful does turn up. Last week I got a mini surprise sent to Saipua from Christine , a darling kindred spirit who reads An Apple a Day. The envelope had 8 vintage stamps used as postage- in the accompanying letter she explained that each of the stamps was inspired by a post on the blog. Seriously. Some people are so thoughtful, sweet and kind. I'm left in shock, wondering how I've turned into such a self consumed maniac. The inside she stuffed full with beautiful old photos, an old pullman car ticket and more of the same beautiful unused stamps. I have an idea of who I'd like to send them off to, but I think I've lost my nerve. Best to bide my time till I can figure out a good home for them. Old stamps feel like little time capsules, almost too precious to use. Maybe I'm still in the puppy love stage, but I'm not ready to part with them. Especially the fox one, that one's all mine. I've been going as far as to call it my preciousssss , which is the highest compliment I can give to anything, living or otherwise. I am fully aware of the futility of saying things like "Sorry I've been an absent blogger lately" and "I swear I'll be better". Most of the time when I read things that that on other blogs, I'm not even aware that they've been posting any less than usual. As much as it pains me to say, a lack of posting generally means I'm happy and busy with, you know, things not involving a computer . My interest and commitment to internet has been waning. Real life can be so.... enticing? Distracting? Exhausting? Also, a few weeks back I found of that there is a certain subset of grown men who are obsessed with amputee girls (no matter how small the um.. loss ?). The swarming hive found me and it's sort of turned me off blogging for a bit. All's rectified, the point of entry had been taken down, but it still makes me feel a little uncomfortable. Talking about it makes it more bemusing/bizarre and less terrifying. Sorry Dad. Just needed to get that off my chest. We're on to blizzard number 2 in Brooklyn and I've been making soup like it's my job. I finally bought a shovel to dig out my car and I'd probably still be spinning my tires if I hadn't gotten a 20 minute coaching session from a older Russian man who, through my rolled down window, gave me his philosophy on driving in the snow. When a man with a beard and a Russian accent tells you about snow, you listen. My neighborhood is charming. Full of characters- hipsters and grandparents and tony soprano types. We all share one thing in common and one thing only. Vinyl siding. Sometime in the 1960s, everyone got together and decided to cover every house on every block with it. My house is 100 years old and it has it. So does everyone else's. But the snow makes even vinyl siding look delicious. It turns a neighborhood with a face only a mother could love into a John Hughes movie set, but with more cultural diversity and higher rents. Girls with snowflakes and pinks cheeks are helped out by boys wielding shovels. Snow gets pushed into mountains and I get an excuse to sit in bed on a Saturday night. Cynics will be cynics, but I refuse to stop loving the snow. About a month ago, my big sister and I drove 2 hours to Doylestown, Pa. to go to the Mercer Museum for the first time. We got stupidly lost after stopping at Terrain and pulled up 10 minutes after it closed. There may or may not have been tears, foot stamping and devastation all around. On my day off last week (shock! joy! I had a day off!) I made it back to the Mercer and finally got to poke around. It's a history museum devoted tools and products used in early American crafts, trades and occupations. Basketry, meat preservation, coopering, cheese making, leather working, spinning, lumbering, medicine, solar salt harvesting, glass blowing and 45 other unbelievable exhibits- each in its own small alcove. I was really overwhelmed. I've never been to a place like it and was basically floating on air for 2 hours. The museum isn't heated and we could see our breath while inside, otherwise I could have stayed weeks. Months. Years. All of eternity. Bury me inside the hearse and coffin exhibit on the 3rd floor, please. Valentines Day has been all consuming this year. Funny, my first year without a real valentine in, gag, 9 years and I've been up to my neck in beautiful flowers and chocolate and paper hearts made from 1870s wallpaper. Working in the love business will do that. It's actually been very sweet to help boys all over the city give flowers to the girls they love. Luckily I'm not the bitter type, so I've been thoroughly enjoying my small peaks into other's relationships, while secretly feeling relieved to be alone these days. That being said, I did receive my first ever box of beautiful chocolates from a nice boy to whom I'm not related. A chocolate cameo. I blushed. I'm always blushing a little bit, I think. The flowers at the shop this weekend were some of the most beautiful things I've ever seen. For all of my satisfaction with my situation, oh gosh... I did slip off into dreams of receiving some of the arrangements we sent out the door. Sweetest and simplest of all were the antique medicine bottles with a single stem and a rex begonia leaf, tied with a silk ribbon. Hoping your day was as full of beauty and love as mine- borrowed or otherwise. Here is undeniable proof from the 3rd grade, that, indeed, I've always been like this. It's poster sized. I think the hand drawn USA stamp is a nice touch. Dear Laura, I understand you have been very busy for the past 18 years since I first wrote. I was really sad I never heard back from you, but I've gotten over it. Just wanted to let you know what a big impact your books had on me as a child. I remember lying in bed and just reveling in the knowledge that a salted ham wouldn't rot. I also hoarded half and half's from 7-11, shaking them all the way to school and wondering why they never turned to butter. Thanks for that. Love, Amy Little known fact- when it comes to computer stuff, I work exclusively from bed. I have a big old 700 sq foot apartment all to myself, with an eat-in kitchen, living room, office and bedroom but I can't kick the bed habit. Decadent, yes? A week or two ago I got this pillow in the mail from Liane at enhabiten . It's made from an antique crazy quilt and its revolutionized my office . Even as I type this, I'm cozied up to that quilt and that pillow. This is where this (gestures frantically to your open internet browser) happens. You know, the magic and all that.  Drumline ShowcaseýAllison V. Smith Drumline ShowcaseýAllison V. Smith Drumline ShowcaseýAllison V. Smith Scenes from the Drumline Showcase outside Dallas City Hall this morning. Sorry you missed it! walkin the dogs. March 2010. ý Allison V. Smith I'm having some fun with my latest iPhone camera app called the Hipstamatic . Expect to see more of these -- and who knows, maybe even a Zine Five? It's also a good time to mention that I only have 33 copies left of Zine 4 left. You can still Buy here . If you happen to be in Austin during SXSW, Yard Dog will be selling them. Above: Bucks&amp;Daisy on their afternoon walk. Check out the music video that Tom Denolf and I made using 3 IPhones . If you dig the music, come check out the talented Kirk Thurmond tonight . Halloween in April. 2003. Marfa, Texas ý Allison V. Smith Ray's. 2005. Marfa, Texas ý Allison V. Smith I'm big down-under! Check out this link to the newspaper in Perth, Western Australia. Also check out fellow Collect.Give photographer Dave Jordano 's work featured on the same site. Mrs. Baird's Bread. 2003. Dallas, Texas ý Allison V. Smith A new series on Superficial Snapshots, the blog. A few from the files, a.k.a. some of my favorite assignments from my days as a staff photographer at the Dallas Morning News . Above three photos from Mrs. Baird's Bread Factory in Dallas the last month of it's operation. My Favorite Zines. February 2010 ý Allison V. Smith Tonight at Smoke at 7:20 pm, I'll be participating in the very first Pecha Kucha in Dallas. I'll have a little over 6 minutes to show&amp; discuss 20 slides. My topic is ZINES. Above is a photograph of part of my zine collection. I'll talk about the making of Superficial Snapshots Zines one - four . Here is a list of the other presenters.... Catherine Horsey Brian Gibb Cherie Boettcher David Golt l Bang Dang Billie and Stanley Marcus. 1 Nonesuch Road. 1938 photo by Laurence Miller With the recent news that my grandparents home is now an official city landmark , I decided to post this lovely photograph of them standing in the front door of their new home on 1 Nonesuch Road in 1938. Speaking for the sentimental folks in the crowd, thank you Dallas . Kirk Thurmond. February 2010 ý Allison V. Smith Kirk Thurmond. February 2010 ý Allison V. Smith Kirk Thurmond. February 2010 ý Allison V. Smith I spent my Saturday shooting a music video , yes a 1st, for the young &amp; talented Kirk Thurmond on 3 iPhones with director &amp; long time friend, Tom DeNolf . Here are a few behind the scene photos. More details and video to follow. These last two weekends have been full of friends, laughter and general good times. First we had a long-awaited "Malteser" dinner here in Roch, which we thoroughly enjoyed. Last weekend, we spent a lovely couple of days in Reading for the wedding of my friend Kate and her now-husband Tony. We had an absolute blast - I haven't danced that much since my own wedding... and it was a bonus to have some cooperation on the part of my feet this time round!On the way back home, we stopped at Hampton Court and went for a leisurely walk by the river and revelled in the sunshine for a couple of hours. On another note, the job I mentioned a while back unfortunately didn't work out, so I am back home restarting the job hunt once again, but this time making certain to enjoy the free time I have as opposed to resenting it. Fellow blogger Allison over at In a Nutshell wrote these words yesterday, which perfectly sum up the way I feel right now:"Let this post serve as a simple reminder to myself to make the most of each day, and to be utterly thankful for the days that I have here under the sun and the stars. Let it serve as a simple reminder to bask in the beauty of this world and to let its warmth drench my soul."Next week, I'll be painting our bedroom! You know what that means, don't you? More random wall and paint pictures to come, lucky lucky you! *wink* accidentally,  Hello lovelies, spring is in the air! I can smell it, feel it, taste it - it's almost here!And to make things even better A soccer team in England is using the Radiohead model of sales to boost attendance, and it's working.When Radiohead released their last album, they did it without any record label and they did it online, using a pay-what-you-want way of selling records.  It worked very well for them, and apparently it's working well for the English soccer team.Reds fans often use the "it's too expensive" excuse for not attending games, and often attendance is embarrassing.  I wonder if this pay-what-you-want model would work for teams that struggle to draw fans.  There are too many games to make it work all season, but maybe for select days?Then again, the "too expensive" excuse Cincinnatians use is just that - an excuse. It's not too expensive when you can take a family of four to the ballpark for less than $30 (that includes parking.) HAHAHAHAHAH. HAHAHAHAHA. AHAHHAHAHAHAAH!!!!Why am I laughing?  Because it's 65 degrees here and you're all buried under snow!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!I saw a little girl carrying a baseball bat and ball a couple of days ago.  The sight of it reminded me that it's almost time!  Now that the winter distraction that poses for a sporting event is over, focus will turn to baseball!March 5 will be the test run to see if I'll actually be able to watch the games, as it is the first televised Spring Training game.  Is the timezone in Arizona one or two hours different than in Florida? Ok, so it's tougher to update than I thought it would be.  I'm getting sucked into this city and baseball is the furthest thing from my mind right now.  Sorry.  Will update soon... Wow.  It makes the Cabrera deal ok, in my opinion.  Not great, but good, really.  Suddenly, I'm not so sure I should be saying I can't wait for 2011.  This is the same kind of stuff Jocketty did to make the Deadbirds win even when they didn't look so good on paper (aside from one glaring name.)This has been the best off season for the Reds in a long, long time.  It's about time we get something like this.This could be a fun year. Oh, that. Crap.__ What a great day it was today. Yes, I went riding. I was gonna meet some friends for breakfast this morning, but Mom seemed so depressed, I thought to ask her our for breakfast. We then went exploring in her car...I found a cool new road,right here in my home town. Less than a mile from my house, it went on for about 10 miles...twist's and rises...and lots of farm land. Mom perked up. I brought her home, and pulled my bike out. Put on my leathers, my scarves, sunglasses, light gloves...and went for a ride. I checked my gas tank, half full...odd...the odometer says 36 miles. Half a tank should read around 50 miles or a bit more...mmmm ah well...get gas later. I'm in the saddle and I stop at Sycamore Shoals for the encampment going on there. That encampment reflects the 1700's. I left the Fort and headed North. I found SR 400 and headed South for a time. As I twist and turn on this road, I decide to chase a small side road called Piney Flats Road. I've never been on this road, but it is a fine road. I twisted and turned through some wonderful little hamlets and loads of farm land. I was on the Quilt Trail for NE TN. I found a couple of great barns with quilt designs on them... Stopping to photograph them, I also discover this grist mill farmstead. Got some decent pictures... Left the Mill and started to head west on another undiscovered road. I've covered thirty miles now...and forgot to get gas. I realize from the miss I now feel in the engine, I'm running out of gas. I get myself turned around so I can coast downhill toward some buildings off to the North. I got a good enough run before the gas gave out, to get me down to this place. It was some long forgotten "salvage" yard. I called my brother, he came to my rescue with a gallon of gas. I passed the time by taking pictures of the salvage yard! (My reserve don't work, it hasn't worked since 2005.) Mark came with the gallon of gas and I'm ready to go once more. It's already time to go home. I continue to head North toward home. Stopping at Green Hill Cemetary to photograph the headstones there. Most have been there since the Civil War. I'm done...and going home...thanks for coming... I've read Saxon Motorcycles got some big young guy to ride one of their bikes around some planned portion of the country. I hear they filmed it...and showed it on one of the cable channels. I'm wondering, why they don't call me, ask little ole me (5'4") to ride their bike around the country shooting photos and meeting great people who love to ride. I would be a great spokes-person for Saxon...showing how short people, females and the over 50 crowd could easily ride their bikes on long distance rides...Man...I REALLY REALLY LIKE THE SAXON. I really like Saxon Motorcycles. Of all production bikes...these bikes are my favorite! Things like scour the internet to help satisfy my craving for adventure. Things like this help. WOW...the last part...ya gotta watch what these people do! My heart would be in my mouth! I've had it with fricken WINTER.&nbsp; I'm done with snow. I'm done with the damn rain.&nbsp; I'm done with the mud, with the frozen ground...THis sucks. My optimism has dried up.&nbsp; I've nothing to say about riding, except I miss it so much.&nbsp; I've made plans for future rides.&nbsp; And tonight, the Presidents State of Nation Address is going on.&nbsp; So nothing to watch on tv. &nbsp; I swear, I'm dyin here....if not for a challenge made by a friend I would wonder, what's the point?&nbsp; These past couple weeks, I've been taking pictures and posting my pictures to a new blog.&nbsp; It's a blog that posts one picture a day.&nbsp; I am challenged to get out daily and take pictures of mundane stuff...and make it interesting.&nbsp; So I'm gonna post a few of the pictures that didn't make it to my daily blog here, while we wait for better weather.&nbsp; Sorry it's not motorcycle related...I just can't keep up the cool thoughts anymore.&nbsp; I need a long ride. Don't you? My blog is called 365 Degrees, Photos From Each Day http://chessiesphotos.wordpress.com/ Took Shrek to the Vet's office today...the bird was there...and we also went to the doggie store... OK I've also gone and visited the Veterans Admin.&nbsp; It's many acres, with a National Cemetery where our soldiers are buried...&nbsp; I took a picture of a building that boasted this strange "gargoyle" kind of thing.... Don't ya just love this shot of Buffalo Mountain shrouded in clouds? Now this next shot is one that seems to be very popular on my photo blog. I call it "Stairway To Heaven". Now this next shot is of a spring of dried flower...or I guess it's actually weed. I like this one too...it's a piece of honeycomb sitting in a Mason Jar of golden Smoky Mountain Honey. Don't it look like... ohhh ...I could beg for some of this. This building is too cool. It's in Downtown Johnson City. There are more shots of this on my photo blog. All bright and damn nice... Now this isn't going into my photo blog, cuz I took these last year. But I love em so I guess I'll show them off to you. These came from one of my most memorable rides....GOD I WANT TO RIDE NOW The wolf and the masked bandit...cute guys.... This parrot allows me to dream of the Islands...What Islands? I DON'T CARE, JUST BE SURE THEY ARE TROPICAL (Singing) Hail, Hail...the gangs all here...what the hell do we care? What the hell do we care?... Well this is about all for now. Go Check out my photoblog... Harley-Davidson reps announce trike production will be moved from Lehman Trikes, based in Spearfish, S.D., to the Springettsbury Township plant in York County. "Our decision to move trike assembly is based purely on the restructuring of Harley Davidson's York operations, which now provides the opportunity for us to build trikes in house and streamline trike assembly and distribution," says Julie Chichlowski, director of Trike Platform at Harley-Davidson. Production of trikes at the Springettsbury Township plant starts this summer, when work on 2011 models begins. It's been reported on Fox 43 out of Harrisburg PA. that Harley is recruiting about 400 "casual" workers.&nbsp; This announcement was made on the 13th, while the announcement for the in house trike builds was widely reported on January 18th. &nbsp; Harley, rather than calling back and rehiring the hundreds of worker who have been laid off over the past 12 months, invited hand picked ex-workers to come back and interview for the "casual" work slots.&nbsp; The casual worker is not entitled to any employee benefits.&nbsp; So it's not going to be any secret how they are going to save money doing the job in house.&nbsp; The Casual worker will not be able to acquire 40 hours a week, but they will receive $16.75 an hour in compensation. &nbsp; I'm happy for Harley Davidson of York.&nbsp; Some of you maybe aware, I lived in&nbsp; Lancaster County PA for about ten years.&nbsp; I'm proud HD has found a way to stay in business and recall some of the laid off workers...even if only as casual part time workers.&nbsp; I believe the labor union may have something to say about this...depends on how smart HD was in the restructuring of the company. &nbsp; I have a feeling the Union will have a hard time getting their way...most unions are pretty ineffectual these days. It's too dang cold to ride....everyone is in the grip of an arctic blast. This has been going on now for what you guys?????? TWO WEEKS? Come on already! Time to get the heat blast burning...don't you agree? In the mean time, today I took Mom's car out, there is ice on the roads around here...so I took Mom to church...and then went in search of photographs. I really didn't go to far at first...here is Mom's church! I leave the church yard and head for the covered bridge once more. This time, I don't have anybody with me checking his watch...wanting to get back home to his comfies....this time...I'm to myself, and I love it! A couple of days ago...while doing things I sometimes do without my bike, I stop to take pictures of a chrome bumper grave yard. Or perhaps I guess these guys would like to think this is simply a "resting" place until someone in the country who is rehabing an old automobile...calls as says..."Do you have a front AND rear bumper for....???" Well yes my son, we here at Elizabethton Chome have anything you desire....as long as it's a chrome bumper.... I also have been to my favorite cheese section of the grocery store in town: And finally....a brutal ice scene. I've been wondering what to do here for a couple of weeks. I haven't been on any rides that made me want to get off the bike and shoot pictures. I haven't had a camera, or it's just to darn cold/wet/icy/crappy to do any riding. It's 17 degrees outside as I write this. It's almost 1PM. I don't have a heated garage, just a car port. I went outside a bit ago, thinking I wanted to see what it would take to start the old girl up. Forget it she told me. "ARE YOU FREAKING OUT OF YOUR MIND?" I think I should have wrapped her engine in an electric blanket...kept her jugs warm, her oil from turning to sludge, her gears from shrinking, compressing, and seizing up. I should have been more thoughtful toward the old girl. She is out in the elements alone, cold, and almost forgotten. Almost forgotten?I do think of her daily. I just don't baby her. I don't even put a battery tender on her, though perhaps if I did, I wouldn't have to remember to run out and start her on the warmer days here in North East Tennessee. But if I did that, then perhaps I should just put fuel stabilizer in her fuel tank, hook her up to the tender and forget about her till it really warms up, and the rest of the regions riders are out in force? No, I think not...I think my girl will continue to be ridden when possible. I think I will continue to rush out on days when the temps are above 32 degrees shoot some starting fluid into her lungs and crank her alive...push those fluids through her belly, into her heart, her crank case...warm up those piston and gears,move those flywheels around and around, push rods shootin oil into the heads, ...smell the exhaust, revel in her sound, her smell...in the way she always comes alive for me...pleasing me...bringing me smiles and good cheer. I don't do anything really in preparation for spring. To do so would be too much planning for me. The only planning I do in the winter, geared toward my warmer weather riding, is to open the atlas, and try to figure out a route to a major ride I am planning to take. I have good intentions. Unfortunately, or perhaps fortuitously...I often forsake the routes I've chosen for something that appears to promise a better adventure. As long as it takes me in the general direction of my original ending place...and the time is not going to be a large factor, I always tend to take roads I hadn't seen on the big map. Following the smaller State Roads, County Roads, or secondary highways that just didn't make themselves plain to me while I was sitting here at home....planning. Planning? No...I think I'm actually day dreaming...filling the holes in time until I can get back on the bike and be whole again. One thing I do need to do before I spend any time on the bike is buy a tire for the rear. Dang thing is dangerous. So that's it for today...I've rolled the bike out of the carport to take pictures...dang it...I'm so cold, my fingers hurt for a while afterwards... You all be well, stay warm, enjoy your lives...I'll dream of the desert of Mojave...and I'll crank my Little Girl up a couple times a month...ride her to build her cranking power up...and bring her home under the carport to await our next ride...short as they are. &nbsp; Hi everyone, What a year it was!&nbsp; Yes, I started this blog on Jan 10, 2009.&nbsp; No followers...but loads of thoughts, ideas, and my camera. You all know I love motorcycles, writing, and riding.&nbsp; Now it's photography that is catching my attention. It was recently brought to my attention the new decade won't start till next year... so I guess my actions in 2010 will be practice for the new decade.... So here it is folks, for you, I wish for you health better than last year, wealth enough to keep your smile on and the wolves away, but most of all, I wish all of you know and have the best of any love out there.... I guess that it is about time for me to write another post. Heaven knows there has been such an explosion from the last one that I haven't really had time to soak it all in. I cannot understand who or why anyone would choose me for this Google Blog of Note recognition. I have read so many beautiful ones with gorgeous pictures and art work and great discussions that I was very surprised. I think my age intrigued them as it did a lot of you. But I thank whoever the powers that be who did pick me. It has been a great ride.I'd like to give a warm welcome to all you newbies that have read my last post and some of you who have read further into my blog. Your comments have all been appreciated . I thought it was interesting that some of the first responses commented on the books and they each picked different ones! A lot of you share my love of Susan Boyle's story and many of you had read some of the books as well. Some expressed the wish that their mothers and fathers or grandparents would blog. I second that idea. It has been a great blessing to me. I shall try to get back with as many of you as I can. I am interested in reading your blogs as well. Sam Juliano, For Being My Guest As We Counted Down 31 Days To Oscars... ...Here Goes Sam Juliano's Predictions...Compare Sam's Predictions to films that actually won... Congratulation! Sam Juliano, you almost scored 100% percent. Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciencesÿ Nominees &amp; Winners for the 82nd Academy Awards Please Check Out The Winners HereÿThanks, Oscar Night Winners Oscar@ Statues All of Sam Juliano¡¯s Oscars@ Predictionsÿ Picture: The Hurt Locker-- Winner Director: Kathryn Bigelow (The Hurt Locker)-- Winner Actor: Jeff Bridges (Crazy Heart)-- Winner Actress: Sandra Bullock (The Blind Side)-- Winner Supporting Actor: Christoph Waltz (Inglorious Basterds)-- Winner Supporting Actress: Mo¡¯Nique (Precious)-- Winner Original Screenplay: The Hurt Locker-- Winner Adapted Screenplay: Up in the Air Editing: The Hurt Locker-- Winner Cinematography: The White Ribbon Foreign Film: The Secret in Their Eyes (Argentina)-- Winner Animated Film: Up-- Winner Documentary Feature: The Cove-- Winner Original Score: Up-- Winner Original Song: The Weary Kind (Crazy Heart)-- Winner Art Direction: Avatar-- Winner Visual Effects: Avatar-- Winner Costumes: The Young Victoria-- Winner Make-up: Star Trek-- Winner Sound Editing: Avatar-- Winner Sound Mixing: The Hurt Locker-- Winner Animated Short: The Lady and the Reaper-- Live Action Short: Instead of Abracadabra Documentary Short: China¡¯s Unnatural Disaster: The Tears of Sichuan-- Winner By the way, readers, If all go according to plan I hope to... Interview Sam Juliano, on Friday or Saturday. But, in the meantime, I plan to feature all the nominees and nominated film on the slideroll [below]...Please Enjoy! Once again, my "special" thanks, to Sam Juliano, Allan Fish, Tony D'Ambra, from over there at Filmsnoir.net and Joel Bocko, from over there at The Sun Not Yellow and all the readers, over there at Wonders in the Dark For your time and patience. Thanks, ... I plan to post the following Oscar @ categories...from Art Direction to... Writing ( Original Screenplay ) categories here at NoirishCity... (Every time I change a category... the previous category will be posted on the sidebar...) ...and post a roundup of all of Sam Juliano's predictions over there at Wonders in the Dark on March 06 and 07 2010...and hopefully, if all goes according to plan I hope to interview Sam Juliano , after the Oscar @ telecast...Therefore, stay tune! Saturday 27, 2010...I Plan to Post The Following Categories and Sam Juliano's predictions for each category too...From Art Direction to...Writing (Original Screenplay) Art Direction View All Categories Avatar Rick Carter and Robert Stromberg (Art Direction); Kim Sinclair (Set Decoration) ============================================================ The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus Dave Warren and Anastasia Masaro (Art Direction); Caroline Smith Academy Awards History These are the first Academy Award nominations for Dave Warren, Anastasia Masaro and Caroline Smith. ============================================================== Nine John Myhre (Art Direction); Gordon Sim (Set Decoration) ============================================================== Sherlock Holmes Sarah Greenwood (Art Direction); Katie Spencer (Set Decoration) ============================================================== The Young Victoria Patrice Vermette (Art Direction); Maggie Gray (Set Decoration) NEXT: Cinematography Cinematography and Costume Design Costume Design Documentary Feature Documentary Feature Documentary Short Film Editing Foreign Language Film Makeup Music (Original Score) Music (Original Song) Short Film (Animated) Short Film (Live Action) Sound Editing Sound Mixing Visual Effects Writing (Adapted Screenplay) Writing (Original Screenplay) Melvyn Douglas...This Review By Writer Andrew Katsis' Was First Published Over There Shooting Lesson 1000 on Monday, September 21, 2009. [Editor's Note; If you would like to read writer Andrew Katsis' review of Ninotchka just click on the words... Target #282: Ninotchka (1939, Ernst Lubitsch) TSPDT placing: #282 Directed by: Ernst Lubitsch Written by: Melchior Lengyel (story), Charles Brackett (screenplay), Billy Wilder (screenplay), Walter Reisch (screenplay)Starring: Greta Garbo , Melvyn Douglas , Ina Claire , Bela Lugosi , Sig Ruman , Felix Bressart , Alexander Granach I find it a little odd that, on the cusp of WWII, Hollywood delivered a piece of anti-Communist propaganda, when clearly there were, at that time, more immediate threats to European freedom. Ninotchka (1939) was produced while Ernst Lubitsch waited for Margaret Sullavan and James Stewart to become available for The Shop Around the Corner (1940) , but it was by no means merely a fill-in project: the film was Greta Garbo's first and only collaboration with Lubitsch, and the actress' penultimate role before a premature retirement. [Editor's note; See Previous Post in order to read writer Andrew Katsis review of The Shop Around the Corner.] MGM's publicity campaign used the tagline " Garbo Laughs !" to advertise that this was a new type of role for the enigmatic actress, a comedy that promised to humanise her otherwise somber screen persona {this campaign deliberately referenced the tagline for Garbo's Anna Christie (1930), which had proclaimed "Garbo Talks!"}. Though the screenplay by Billy Wilder , Charles Brackett and Walter Reisch unsurprisingly has many genuine sparks of wit, the balance of romance, farce and political commentary never quite sits as comfortably as one would expect given the talents involved. When three Soviet diplomats ( Sig Ruman, Felix Bressart and Alexander Granach ) arrive in Paris to sell off some jewelry confiscated from the Grand Duchess ( Ina Claire ) during the Bolshevik Revolution, they find it difficult to keep their minds on their work. Far away from the cold, drab apartments of Moscow, the French capital is bustling with life, warmth and prosperity (just forget that the French upper-class are not, in fact, a reasonable yardstick for comparison with the Soviet proletariat). Playful aristocrat L¨¦on ( Melvyn Douglas ), the Duchess' romantic lover, succeeds in corrupting the bumbling diplomats by flaunting the luxuries of capitalistic society. To ensure that the transaction goes through smoothly, the Soviets send down Ninotchka ( Garbo ), a curt, tight-lipped Bolshevik with a militant hatred of Capitalism and everything it stands for. Against all odds, the debonair playboy L¨¦on and the belligerent Ninotchka fall for one another, an attraction that ultimately proves more significant than one's national allegiance. Unfortunately, once love softens the formerly stone-faced Ninotchka, the film shifts from being a lighthearted political farce {not unlike To Be or Not to Be (1942) or Wilder's One, Two, Three (1961) } to a weepy romance. Lubitsch followed Ninotchka with The Shop Around the Corner. What worked so well in the latter film, I thought, was that Lubitsch's heart was not necessarily with the star-crossed lovers ? James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan ? but with Frank Morgan's shop owner, and his familial relationship with its employees. The three reluctant Soviet diplomats in Ninotchka are utterly charming supporting characters, but too often they are shunned in favour of the central romance, which seems to tread water once, as advertised, Garbo breaks character and enjoys a hearty chuckle. Nevertheless, Melvyn Douglas is magnificently debonair, bringing something distinctly likable to the role of a lazy playboy aristocrat. During her opening act, you can almost see a smile forming beneath Garbo's icy exterior, and she plays the role with just the right amount of breeziness. 6.5/10 Currently my #11 film of 1939: 3) Only Angels Have Wings (Howard Hawks) 4) The Wizard Of Oz (Victor Fleming, Mervyn LeRoy, Richard Thorpe, King Vidor) 5) Gone with the Wind (Victor Fleming, George Cukor, Sam Wood) 6) The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle (H.C. Potter) 7) The Hunchback of Notre Dame (William Dieterle) 8) La r¨¨gle du jeu {The Rules of the Game} (Jean Renoir) 9) Dark Victory (Edmund Goulding) 10) Another Thin Man (W.S. Van Dyke) 11) Ninotchka (Ernst Lubitsch) 12) Drums Along the Mohawk (John Ford) Posted by ackatsis at 3:50 AM Labels: 1930s , 1939 , 6.5/10 , Bela Lugosi , Billy Wilder , comedy , Ernst Lubitsch , Greta Garbo , Melvyn Douglas , romance , Sig Ruman ========================================= ? Availabilty: Is Ninotchka Available on DVD? Yes, Check out Gary Tooze's Place Over There at... dvdbeaver ...and you can watch Ninotchka in its entirety here on youtube too! Target #282: Ninotchka (1939, Ernst Lubitsch) [Editor's Note: Good Afternoon, readers I'am so very "happy" to welcome authors Eric Beetner to sit down with me this Afternoon (before he embark on his trip to China along with his wife to adopt their second child.) and I'am equally, happy to welcome author J.B. Kohl, who is joining us via over the telephone intercom due to the fact, that she lives on the east coast...] Well, let me begin our interview by saying... Good-Afternoon Eric, and Good-Afternoon J.B.Kohl, I know that you have been very busy promoting your book ¡°One Too Many Blows to the Head.¡± That is why I ¡®am so happy that you both have decided to join me this afternoon. First, let me start by asking you this questionÿ DeeDee: Where Are You Both Originally From? Author Eric Beetner: I was born in Iowa but then quickly moved to California, back to Iowa, to one town Connecticut and then to another where I spent my ¡°formative¡± years. I¡¯ve also lived in Boston, NYC (briefly) and Los Angeles for the past 17 years. Author J.B.Kohl: I live in Virginia right now, but am originally from Nebraska. DeeDee:When And Why Did You Both Begin Writing? Author Eric Beetner: I started writing screenplays as a way to make a movie without the expense of making a movie. I went to film school so it has always been part of the plan to make movies and I was getting impatient. I like that when you write you are in control of the entire process. That control ends abruptly when you try to sell it but for that brief moment it is fantastic. I took to fiction writing after I burned out on scripts. I wrote my first novel in secret since everyone you meet is ¡°working¡± on a novel but 90% never actually write one. I hate being that guy. I didn¡¯t say it out loud to anyone until after I finished. Even now not all my friends really know I write. "One Too Many Blows To The Head" was a surprise to a lot of people. DeeDee: Wow, Unbelievable, But Believable! J.B. Kohl: I have always written, I guess, but I didn¡¯t begin writing professionally until about three years ago. At that time, we moved to the east coast and I decided that, rather than find a new job, I¡¯d just give writing a try. DeeDee:Hmmm...Very Interesting. DeeDee: When Did Both Of You First Consider Yourself Writers? Eric Beetner: In many ways I still don¡¯t but I guess when I first got paid for screenwriting. For one script I got paid a paltry sum but when it was listed in Variety it said I got a six figure deal! I checked the contract wondering where my money was and the film would have had to make over 200 million dollars for me to make that much. Instead the film never even got made. DeeDee:(Laughter!...Wow, I'am so sorry to hear that the film was never made, but hang in there Eric... DeeDee: J.B... J.B.Kohl: Ooh. Tough question. I guess I still have to remind myself that I¡¯m a writer. I¡¯ve never really thought about it. My husband tells everyone his wife is a writer. I guess I say it but I don¡¯t know when I started thinking of myself that way. I guess if I had to nail down a particular time I started thinking of myself as a writer I¡¯d have to say it was after my first book was published. DeeDee: What Inspired You Both To Write Your First Book? Eric Beetner: Reading. Just loving the stuff I was reading and wanting to jump on that bandwagon. I make no pretense of reinventing the wheel or anything. I¡¯m a genre writer and I am fine with that. J.B.Kohl: I had a character in my head that I had been carrying around for a few years. I wanted to write something based on that character . . . just to prove to myself that I could complete an entire novel. DeeDee:It Seems As If You Both Our On Your Way To Becoming Very Successful Writers. By The Way, What Books Are You Both Reading Now? Eric Beetner: Just finished The Fifth Grave written in 1941 and banned for over 40 years. Not bad. My to be read pile is over 40 books deep. I just cracked open Missy by Chris Hannan. I am taking a very long plane trip soon and I plan to bring 5 or 6 Hard Case crime books to knock out on the flights. J.B.Kohl: I¡¯m reading two books right now: Why Shoot a Butler by Georgette Heyer and Midnight Fugue by Reginald Hill. DeeDee:The Books That You Both Are Reading Sounds Very Interesting. DeeDee: Who Are Your Favorite Authors And What Is It That Really Strikes You About Their Work? Eric Beetner: I am a huge Cornell Woolrich fan. The very definition of noir. I don¡¯t have strong allegiance to many particular authors. I generally don¡¯t read series so I don¡¯t get caught up in reading 15 or 20 books about the same character. I LOVE Joe R. Lansdale. He may be my favorite of contemporary authors. Sunset &amp; Sawdust is amazing and packs so many damn ideas and interwoven plots into one volume that is thrilling to behold. I love anyone with a distinct voice like that. All his books are set in East Texas where he¡¯s from and he knows the fabric of that country. It shows in everything he writes. I¡¯ve been reading all of Marcus Sakey¡¯s stuff, I like Jason Starr, Steve Brewer who I think more people should be aware of. Scott Smith only has two books but I love them both. I really love finding an old out of print book from the 40s or 50s and digging up a gem. That is the best! DeeDee: I Have To Agree With You Wholeheartedly, When It Comes To Author Cornell Woolrich, Being The Author That Defines All That Represent Or Defines What Film Noir Should Be... DeeDee: J.B.kohl, How About You... J.B.Kohl: Denis Lehane is one of my favorites. I like the understatement he uses in writing. I find it more powerful than overzealous descriptions of events. He¡¯s really good. I like Agatha Christie. I love how she can keep a reader guessing until the end. I think Stephen King does some of the best character work around. I felt a little sad when I finished It, The Stand, The Talisman . . . because I had to say good-bye to the characters. I think that is a mark of a good writer . . . when a reader is sad to get to the end of a book. DeeDee: Ahh!...The Great Authors Denis Lehane, Agatha Christie and Stephen King... Ha!Ha!...I Knew It! J.B...I Just Needed A Writer To Confirm My Suspicion. Because I Too Am Reading Several Books, And I Don't Want To Part Company With The Characters In These Books Neither. DeeDee:What Books Have Most Influenced Your Life? Eric Beetner: My life? Probably I¡¯d have to go back to The Phantom Toolbooth. It¡¯s a young adult book, but it is so in love with words and language it really makes you appreciate words in a way few books for that age group do. DeeDee: Hmmm...Very Interesting! J.B.kohl: With regard to writing, there are two books I pull out over and over again: If You Want To Write by Brenda Ueland, and Bird by Bird by Anne Lamott. I read both of these books long before I began writing professionally and I still pull them out when I need to feel inspired or reassured. Being a writer is a lonely road at times and it is easy to become discouraged. I find if I need a little push in the right direction these books help with that. As far as books I¡¯ve read that have influenced me with regard to the genre I work in; I¡¯d have to say it was my early introduction to noir, The Maltese Falcon by Dashiell Hammett, The Big Sleep by Raymond Chandler, the Perry Mason novels by Erle Stanley Gardner were among the top of the list. Early on I tried to get as many 1930¡¯s books as I could. I¡¯ve got one called The Door by Mary Robers Rinehart (1930) and I suppose I¡¯ve read that three or four times in the last couple of years. I also have Motto for Murder by Merlda Mace (1943) and The Affair of the Fainting Butler by Clifford Knight (1943). I¡¯ve read these over and over again. I don¡¯t know how much they influence me, per se, but I find they keep me in the right frame of mind when I¡¯m working on a new project. DeeDee: Wow, Amazing! Who Designed The Cover(s) Of Your Book "One Too Many Blows To The Head? Author J.B.Kohl: A very talented man by the name of Marc Sasso did the cover for us. Eric tweaked it with the fonts and bylines. DeeDee: Eric, Do You Want To Expand A Little More On My Question? Eric Beetner: Oh! Yes, The amazing cover for our book was painted by a good friend of mine named Marc Sasso. He¡¯s a professional illustrator and he did us a huge favor on this one. It¡¯s not even really in his typical style but I gave him exactly what I wanted to keep it easy for him. I didn¡¯t want him doing us a favor and then having to do a bunch of revisions. I sent him a reference photo and other ideas, he knocked it out in one attempt and then Jennifer and I collaborated on the layout, title fonts and back cover layout. We did all that stuff ourselves. People have really responded to it. We¡¯ve gotten a lot of compliments. DeeDee: I Must Admit That The Cover Of Your Book Is Amazing...Very Talented Artist This...Marc Sasso. DeeDee: What Was The Hardest Part Of Writing Your Book? Eric Beetner: The hardest part was not being able to meet in person. Jennifer and I have never met face to face. It was a challenge in some cases but then I must say in others it was a good thing I think. We were really allowed to write distinct and different voices for these two characters. JB Kohl: The editing was by far the hardest part for me because it was so meticulous and so time consuming. Writing with Eric was fun and actually very easy. I was engrossed in the process a hundred percent from start to finish. DeeDee: How Did You Come Up With The Title? J.B.Kohl: We tossed around title names for awhile. Our first working title was Fist, but Eric came up with "One Too Many Blows To The Head." At first I wasn¡¯t sure about it but over the course of a few days, it grew on me. Eric: Always much harder than you think. We had a few tentative titles. For most of it we used ¡®Fist¡¯. Then I remembered a song I love called "One Too Many Blows To The Head." It has nothing in common with the book but it sounds great and it just clicked. DeeDee: Do You Recall How Your Interest In Writing Originated? J.B.Kohl: I guess I¡¯d call it more of a compulsion than an interest. I wrote my first unassigned story in the fourth grade. It was called ¡°John, the First-Time Quarterback.¡± I used the word ¡°whiskly¡± in that story, which is not actually a word. But my dad was so proud he still uses that word today. I guess I knew, even at that young age, if I could create adverbs, I could write novels. Eric: I recently found a pile of old schoolwork from the 5th 6th and 7th grade. In it was a story I wrote. It was a crime story with guns, loan sharking and a car chase. I guess I¡¯ve always been into it, even before I knew what I was writing about. DeeDee: Do You Have To Travel Much Concerning Your Books? Eric: I wish! I have a standing invite to do a signing in Chicago but I can¡¯t afford the time/money to fly out there. Doing a book tour is a luxury we don¡¯t really have the resources for. Being on a small publisher doesn¡¯t allow for a travel budget. J.B.Kohl: No, not at all. Not that I wouldn¡¯t enjoy traveling, but it hasn¡¯t proved to be necessary. There are numerous bookstores regionally where I am happy to do signings, but travel time for those events is negligible. DeeDee: Did You Both Learn Anything From Writing Your Book And What Was It? J.B.Kohl: I learned the fine art of collaboration, I think both Eric and I are a lot better at understanding the publishing process now. And I think we are both better editors and writers as a result of working together. Going into something like this, you never know quite what to expect. It could have turned out to be one of those situations where we write a chapter a year and in ten years we¡¯re still talking about how we really need to finish that book. That wasn¡¯t the case at all. I work very well as a collaborator. Would I work as well with someone other than Eric? I have no idea. And I really don¡¯t know that I would want to try. Eric is too much fun to work with! Eric: I learned a ton about the craft of writing on this one. Much more than I did writing a book in solitude. I can say I am a much better writer after this process. DeeDee: Do you have any advice for other writers? J.B.Kohl: Keep at it. Write as often as you can. Encourage yourself. Have fun with it. We writers can tend to take ourselves too seriously. DeeDee: What About You Eric,... ...Knock it off. Just quit. More room for our book on the shelves. DeeDee:Laughter! DeeDee: Do You Have Anything Specific That You Want To Say To Your Readers? Eric: For anyone to find a book as small as ours and actually buy it is astounding to me. I firmly believe that if you like crime books or mysteries you will genuinely like this book. But for someone to make the effort to read about it, watch the trailer, read an interview like this and then make the next step and purchase it ? I can only say thank you. I know I find it much more gratifying to discover a new writer. I don¡¯t read anything on any best seller lists. I¡¯m probably missing out but I just love the discovery so much it makes reading more satisfying for me. If our book ends up as one someone tells someone else about that would be the best outcome of all. I can make all my friends buy it but that¡¯s not nearly as gratifying as strangers who feel no obligation. DeeDee: I Truly Understand What You Are Saying Eric,...J.B.Kohl, J.B.Kohl: I hope you enjoy the book as much as I enjoyed writing it. I appreciate the noir novels of old and I wish there were more around. DeeDee: Do You Have A Specific Writing Style? J.B.Kohl: I have a bad habit of starting sentences with the word ¡°and¡±. I¡¯m working on that. I also write in incomplete sentences a lot of the time. I¡¯ve learned that this upsets editors to some degree, which naturally makes me want to continue doing it, but I¡¯m trying to break the habit. Eric: Every time I try to write something other than crime I find myself second guessing the over-earnestness or downright cheesiness of it so I give up. In screenwriting I didn¡¯t have this problem. I wrote a little of everything. But I like building a reputation as a crime writer. The community is just amazing and to be invited in as an equal has been really gratifying. DeeDee: Do You See Writing As A Career? On The Other Hand, Is Writing Your Career? Eric: I have a day job. I can¡¯t see writing becoming a full time job any time soon. That¡¯s fine with me. My daily job is creative. I am a film/TV editor and producer (sometimes writer) and I do small film making projects on the side so I am very creatively fulfilled at work. I happen to get paid for it. I¡¯m very lucky. I just hope to make a little noise in the writing world. If it becomes more ? great. I¡¯m not going to mortgage the house to chase the dream though. DeeDee: Wow, I Was Not Aware Of Your Day Job Eric,...It Sounds Very Interesting Too!...J.B.Kohl,... J.B.Kohl: I don¡¯t see it as a career. I had a career. I didn¡¯t enjoy it. I look as writing as something that I¡¯m lucky enough to do full time. I wish it made me more money!! But I love doing it and I enjoy it. ¡°Career¡± sounds too much like ¡°job.¡± And I don¡¯t view writing as a job. DeeDee: If You Had To Do It All Over Again, Would You Change Anything In Your Lastest Book? Eric: Not one bit. J.B.Kohl: I¡¯m happy with the book. I suppose Fokoli would have liked to punch a few more people, but seriously, who wouldn¡¯t? Sometimes you just gotta let things be the way they are. DeeDee: Ha! Ha! DeeDee: If You Had To Choose, Which Writer Would You Consider A Mentor? Eric: I am too solitary and anti-social. I don¡¯t do writer¡¯s groups. I hate classes. I abhor feedback from anyone really. So, in a sense, Jennifer is the closest I¡¯ve had to a mentor. As I said my writing improved a great deal with this book and I thank her. J.B.Kohl: My dad is a great writer. He doesn¡¯t write professionally, but he is a great writer. When I was growing up my two sisters, my dad, and I would sit around the table with a stack of blank printer paper. One of us would come up with a sentence and we¡¯d all write it down. A timer would be set for ten minutes and we¡¯d all continue our own stories from that one sentence. At the end of ten minutes, we¡¯d read to each other. Most of the stuff we wrote was really funny. I learned the art of writing during those sessions ? sentence flow, reading aloud, writing to entertain others. And my dad was the driving force behind all of that. My mother, too, is a great writer. She has a very subtle sense of humor that comes out on paper at times. She called me last week with a new book title . . . about flatulence. I laughed really hard. My mother is such a classy person and so sophisticated. So my parents are my mentors. I can say other ¡°professional¡± writers have influence me, but it is my parents who made me what I am, who gave me the genetic material that hard-wired me for this kind of life, and who have always encouraged me. DeeDee: (Laughter! Ha! Ha!)...J.B. Kohl, That Is Funny! What Your Mother Said, About A New Book Title! DeeDee: Is There Anything You Find Particularly Challenging In Your Writing? J.B.kohl: The avoidance of procrastination. I find when I write on my own, it is very easy to become distracted by everything going on around me. Eric: I find writing incredibly fun and when it¡¯s fun it is easy. If it¡¯s not fun I stop. There are always more stories. If a story isn¡¯t working or is a struggle I ditch it and start something new. I always want writing to be fun. DeeDee: Are There Any New Authors That Have Grasped Your Interest? J.B.Kohl: Oh, wow, there are so many great authors out there. I try to read as many authors by independent publishers as I can. Alan Draven, David Boyle, Thom Futrell, Nick Quantrill. In fact, Nick Quantrill has a new novel coming out in January. He writes a great crime novel. Eric: I have befriended a bunch of short fiction writers in the online community and there are some amazing authors out there poised for greatness. Keith Rawson, Paul D. Brazill, Jimmy Callaway, Jake Hinkson, Cameron Ashley, Jason Duke, Christopher Grant, Col Bury, Patricia Abbott,[Editor Note: Author Megan Abbott's Mother) Sandra Seamans, Libby Cudmore, Chad Eagleton, Cormac Brown, J.F. Juzwik, Robert Crisman...I could go on and surely missed more than a few but these are all people I have read multiple stories from and all are out there on the web. Webzines are the new pulps. DeeDee: Name One Entity That You Feel Supported You Outside Of Family Members. J.B.Kohl: Obviously Eric has been a huge support. If we didn¡¯t support one another, we wouldn¡¯t have been able to write "One Too Many Blows To The Head;" however, my writer¡¯s group, The Gloucester Owls, is always instrumental in giving me great feedback on my writing. Eric: I have had great success among the webzines like A Twist of Noir, Darkest Before the Dawn, Thuglit, Pulp Pusher, Powder Burn Flash, Flash Fiction Offensive all of whom have published my work. Of course let¡¯s not overlook Second Wind publishing who is putting the book out. We wouldn¡¯t be talking if not for them. Lots of great crime titles there under the Dagger Books series. Next time you need a new book, look no further. DeeDee: Can You Share A Little Of Your Current Work With Us? J.B.Kohl: Sure, we plan to work together on a new novel. But we both continue with our solo projects. I¡¯ve got a rough draft of The Deputy¡¯s Widow done, but I hate it so I don¡¯t know if it will ever see the light of day again. I¡¯m also working on a sort of a horror novel, which isn¡¯t my usual genre, so I¡¯m having a lot of fun with that. Eric: I just finished the first draft of a new solo novel called The Devil Doesn¡¯t Want Me. Now I just need to go back to the start and edit away, add, subtract and embellish. Then I try to get it published. In other words, you won¡¯t be seeing it for a long time. I don¡¯t want to divulge anything for fear of jinxing it. I told you, I don¡¯t talk much about things until they¡¯re done. DeeDee: (Smiling) Right you, are Eric,...Can you discuss or tell us your latest news? Eric: My news is that in a little more than a week my wife and I will travel to China to adopt our second daughter. It is seriously cutting into my writing time! DeeDee: Yes, I know, That Is Why I Truly Appreciate You And J.B.Kohl, Taking The Time Out Of Your Schedule To Sit Down And Talk With Me...By The Way, Congratulations And Good Luck! With The Adoption Of Your Second Child. What A Wonderful And Nice UnderTaking To Bring Your Sweet Innocent Children Into Your Lives. DeeDee: Finally, Other than promoting your new book ¡°One Too Many Blows to the Head¡± What are your current projects? Eric: More words. More shorts, more novels. I have a series of short films I am prepping for early next year. I have a story in the Second Wind anthology "Murder on the Wind" and another one in a really interesting and exciting project called Harbinger -33 that is in the works. Both stories I really like. It will be nice to be in print in more than one place. DeeDee: Eric and Jennifer, I Want To Take This Time To Thank You Both For Taking The Time Out Of You Very Busy Schedule To Sit Down And Discuss Why You Write, Your Personal Lives, And Your Book ("One Too Many Blows To The Head") With Me. Thank-You, Very Much!...This Have Been A Fun Day! Eric Beetner: No, thank you. Toiling alone for months working on a book can get lonely and then to surface with a finished novel and have it out there in the world can be even more so if no one pays attention. Thanks to people like you for noticing our book and we certainly hope you find entertainment from it. DeeDee: Eric, I'am Quite Sure That I Will Enjoy Reading Your and J.B.Kohl's Book Very Much! Alone With The Current Winners Of My Book GiveAway Too! And They Are: Tony D'Ambra From Over There At... FilmsNoir.net CoffeeMessiah (C.M.) From Over There At... Cofffee Messiah And The Most Gracious Host Sam Juliano, From Over There At... Wonders In The Dark For Sponsoring The Book Giveaway Of "One Too Many Blows To The Head" By Authors Eric Beetner And J.B.Kohl. Shipping Snafu...[EDITOR'S NOTE: Author Eric Beetner's Book signing was on November 14, 2009 at the... The Mystery Bookstore ... Author(s) Eric Beetner and J.B.Kohl Launch Party was on 11/14...at the Mystery Bookstore Location: 1036-C Broxton Avenue Los Angeles, California 90024 Phone: 310/209-0415 800/821-9017 Fax: 310/209-0436 ] COMING IN NOVEMBER , Authors:Book Signing Events: This Event Was On Saturday, November 14 at 2:00 p.m. AUTHOR ERIC BEETNER'S Shipping S nafu ... Of His Book "One Too Many Blows To The Head." So my first ever book signing was on Saturday. I was looking forward to this for a while. The good, no GREAT , folks at the Mystery Bookstore hosted me and I thank them deeply for inviting a newbie in to their hallowed stacks of books where I have seen so many giants of crime fiction read and sign.Small hitch...we had no books. There was a shipping snafu. Hard to get angry at Veterans Day but that one day of no mail deliveries apparently screwed us. So there I was with no books to sign and no books to sell. What to do? Solider on and do the event anyway! I read a section from my proof copy and people placed orders for books which I will then sign when books come in on Monday, only one shipping day late.Was I disappointed? Sure. These things happen. No sense looking back. Aside from being a little embarrassed it all went fine. People were very kind and very forgiving.Now to make lemons into lemonade! [Editor's Note: Check Out Eric Beetner's Delivering Copies of Their Book... "One Too Many Blows To The Head" ...On The Vimeo Video Below... I Think That Is So Nice!!!! ] When the books come in and I get the chance to sign them I will take as many as I can for those who are local and hand deliver the signed copies. You just don't get that kind of attention from the big time authors. If that's what it takes I am happy to do it. How cool would it be to deliver every single copy of the book myself and say thanks for giving it a try? I'd love it. I hope to capture a little bit of video of the deliveries and maybe postMany cultures have used honey for medicinal purposes. Some use it as a healing paste for dealing with the pain of arthritis. Some oriental cultures use honey in their tea to help reduce the amount of bad cholesterol. Some believe in its ability to soothe sore throats and treat common head colds, and others that it can help with upset stomachs, indigestion, and even gastroenteritis and diarrhoea. There is also evidence that honey has cleansing properties to keep the human body healthy and in tip-top working order all year round.This is an exceptionally great monitor. It has the menu button conveniently located on the side and the software that comes with it lets you control the way you view things. This is my first flat panel and I absolutely love it and would recommend it to anyone who wants a great monitor.  " All measurements above are Inches.I hope to achieve a reduction waist hips legs, I consume 1300 / 1500 calories per day, exercise 3 times per week running, (5.13 miles) in 46:00 minutes. 2 times per week for 45 minutes Step Aerobics, addition to this I do 3 times per week:Press up x 20 repsSquats x20 repsAbs Crunches x 20Plank 1 minSide twist Crunches x 20Triceps Seated dips x 20All of the above are for 3 sets.I hope to get to 108lbs, lose the inches off my waist hips etc, I train really hard, but not losing the weight: getting fitter though?What could I be doing wrong? "This was an awesome show that I was turned on to a little late.  I did not start watching until the 3rd season and was immediately hooked.  Awesome show that shows what it really is like to grow up in the streets of Baltimore, shady politicians, and corrupt officers.  It also show the good and the people who really try to make a difference despite the obstacles.And so I take a deep breath, listen to the music from my headphones, listen to the afternoon Golden Roast religious debate happening in front of me, feel my fingers familiarly tap tapping on my keys, my keys, and smile sweetly. Smile, because I know that I am writing. Am writing, here, for this first entry of hopefully many. Am writing a school paper, for Islam, just the second of three.One of my favorites from my garden this year are the Hyacinth Bean Vines that I planted from beans that I got from my sister who lives in the western part of NC. I was not even sure they would grow here closer to the coast...but it's beautiful and the butterflies love the blossoms.I don¡¯t have any concrete ideas or plot ideas for this new story other than the characters, what they¡¯re like and personalities. I do have things that I want to happen in the story but I haven¡¯t a clue how they happen or who/what causes them. I know I want an evil dictator, a school of magic, and an epic show down at some point (probably near the end). I want this story to have some crazy plot twist that completely change everything in the story and confuses the heck out of the reader.I love the great customer service by the flight attendants,pilots and ticketing agents.The fares are really reasonable.They need more food options to offer to the passengers.  I've called this the "honorary" word of the day because it doesn't pertain to me, but to my sister. I couldn't pass it up because I'm so very excited about my niece-or-nephew-to-be, but if it were my only word of the day, it might cause some worry on the part of you, my dear readers, in terms of to whom the word refers... Hence, "honorary."Skin is made up of two main layers, the epidermis and the dermis. The epidermis is composed of a set of dead or dying skin cells that cover another layer of cells, which are in the process of developing and maturing. The very outer level of the epidermis is called the stratum conreum, and it is this skin layer that is exposed to all the ills of weather, time, and problems that tend to impact the skin. It does its best to work as a barrier to prevent damage to the lower skin levels. Unfortunately, the stratum conreum layer tends to highlight skin imperfections like fine lines and wrinkles or skin blemishes.The health benefits are considerable. New research has shown that a daily glass of pomegranate juice can hold back prostate cancer and could even prevent men dying of the disease.Last year US researchers at the University of Wisconsin showed that pomegranate juice dramatically slows down prostate cancer in mice. Prostate cancer patients who have short doubling times (the time taken for the tumour to double in size) are more likely to die from their illness, and the average doubling time for the disease is about 15 months. But drinking pomegranate juice extended this period to 54 months - an almost four-fold increase.Like most adults, children love reflexology; it calms and relaxes them, it helps with the joys, fears, bewilderment and excitement which are all part of growing up, and, as with adults, it can have many medical benefits.However from the perspective of the reflexologist, treating children presents challenges you do not face from your adult clients. In this article I will explore these differences, and will discuss how the reflexologist can adapt and ensure that the experience is maximally positive for both child and therapist.Make a well in the center of the flour mixture. Add beaten egg and buttermilk to well and mix in with a wooden spoon until dough is too stiff to stir. Dust hands with a little flour, then gently knead dough in the bowl just long enough to form a rough ball. If the dough is too sticky to work with, add in a little more flour. Do not over-knead!United Front Games is the second studio to take on the True Crime franchise. The first, Luxoflux, was closed by Activision little over a month ago. With the new studio, and the new talent, comes a fresh take on True Crime. In a preview session at least week's Game Developers Conference, developers name checked the Hulk, Star Trek and Batman as inspirations. With no member of Luxoflux on board, this, they say, is a whole new game.This is the prime ingredient of all moisturizers. Moisturizers are generally an oil-in-water solution. When you apply moisturizers, some of the water evaporates while some gets absorbed into the skin. The outermost layer of the skin, the stratum corneum soaks water efficiently; however, it is not able to bind it very well. That's why it needs an oily substance that helps lock in the water within the skin, and this is how moisturizers work. The water contents get absorbed within the skin and the oil content helps keep it there.Student teaching is harder than I ever thought it would be. I'm sick to my stomach with anxiety most mornings, and unfortunately, middle schoolers sense weakness so they can prey on it. I also happened to pick a very bad month to stop taking my PMDD medication. I've tested and now I know that it was definitely not a placebo effect that was keeping me happy. I can start taking my "happy" pills again in a few days so hopefully I'll bounce back somewhat. Knowing that I'm not doing as well as I should be with my teaching is also making me more anxious and very depressed and that leads to less than energetic teaching which circles back around to being more depressed and so on and so forth."There are a variety of anti aging skin care products available in the market, be it anti-wrinkle creams or face-lifting skin care formulations. Anti aging products claim to prevent and/or erase the common signs of aging like wrinkles and fine lines and enhance the overall skin quality.Often, women become increasingly concerned with their skin condition as they grow older, and as a result they try out various anti aging skin care formulations to correct the situation. "If you¡¯ve been watching any of these programmes, you will have heard the term BMI (Body Mass Index), which indicates your recommended weight taking into account your height. Experts have been popularising the term BMI to assess whether you are in your healthy weight zone. If you haven¡¯t already done so, to calculate your BMI, divide your weight in kg by your height in metres, or just look use a BMI Calculator to have it done for you.I was in a car accident and needed a rental car until mine was fixed. I called up Enterprise and they set me up with the same type of vehicle that I own, so I didn't have to get readjusted to another type of vehicle. They were fast, freindly, and very helpful. And just like the commercial says, I called Enterprise and they picked me up.  I recently went on a leisure vacation trip to South Korea and then to Hong Kong. Although I flew Asiana on the front and back flights, the Korea to Hong Kong leg was flown on Thai airlines. I suppose it was a rough comparison having flown Asiana which is a newer airline with more lux amenities in business class, and then going to Thai in business class. The service was excellent, but the facilities and craft seemed a bit old. It wasn't as spacious as Asiana was and instead of a large enclosed screen to each person, in Thai, there were tiny pull out TV screensI took 3 kids to Disneyworld and then on the Disney Cruise - talk about needing a vacation. The people on the ship were fantastic. The kids all had different clubs to go to, they had a fantastic time, always something for them to do. I missed dinner due to just needing a nap one night, I received a call from my service crew, wanting to know if everything was alright, offering me a later dinner time or to send me room service. When leaving, 2 of my kids left behind items. I own a small natural health supplement store in San Diego and Lavada has been my top selling product by a landslide.  It contains the full array of vitamins and minerals for women's everyday health plus additional probiotics, herbs and botanicals to maintain our natural feminine health.  It's no surprise why women have been flocking to my store for Lavada."Have you checked out the Eggcellent Eggs kit in the Occasions Mini Catalog? It was made for decorating Easter Eggs with rub-ons, diecut flowers and rhinestones. There are also stands for resting your eggs on for display but the green stand looks like grass and that was the inspiration for today's card. I used the wide oval punch to make Easter eggs out of designer series paper. Isn't this adorable?!?Thanks for stopping by!"Two of your children get into an argument and when you can't figure out which one is fibbing, you send them into another room to "get their story straight" reminding them that whoever is at fault will be punished. When they return, they have both come to the conclusion that it was the child who was sitting beside you on the couch the whole time that was responsible for starting the fight."I was sick and pukie the whole fuckin' time. I'm buzzed right now, that's why I'm completely derogatory right now. I ate once today. Fried catfish with black beans and rice. One meal a day is not good. I just ate some Captain Crunch Berry Marshmellow Treats made with Cannaba-ghee. I should be feeling it soon."WOW. I am one of those moms that said I would never drive a minivan.. Well we shopped around for ever.. When I finally tried the Sienna, I loved it. We owned a 2005 Sienna which got totaled in a car accident in which my entire family was in (me, hubby and 3 kids under the age of 6). No one was hurt. In 3 days we purchased a new one.. I absolutely love it. It drives awesome, it's so comfortable and there is tons of space for 7 passengers and lots of cargo space. Like many customers, I thought John's Place was strictly a tire sales and service shop. When you have an "exotic" car you are somewhat limited when you need tires, wheels and service. The first time we had a flat, we called around to other stores. We were told that the tire would have to be shipped from Kansas or Texas and it would take days and cost $$$. Fortunately, someone told us about Duxler. When we called we learned Duxler, a.k.a., John's Place, had the tire in stock and they could install it that day. I love Sushi!  The only problem I run into is that my husband is not a fan so I am typically eating sushi as carry out and delivery.  The rolls arrive as fresh as they are if you are lucky enough to have them at the restaurant.  Coast is a great dinning experience either at home or there.  When I do actually get to the restaurant I love to go with girlfriends and share rolls and a bottle of wine.  It is byob but no corkage fee so it actually makes going out for a sushi dinner affordable.  To be honest, the only car rental company I've used is Enterprise, but I wouldn't want to use another company because their service is excellent. Their slogan, "We'll pick you up", is the absolute truth. Every time I've needed to rent a car, for whatever reason, they've cheerfully shown up on my doorstep. In the age of mediocre customer service, it's going above and beyond the call of duty. Their cars are clean, inside and out, and well-maintained, and if a car might have a scratch or ding, it's noted. If there was anything more terrible than Rena Riffel¡¯s attempt to create a Showgirls sequel, it was the German filmmaker (I use the term loosely) who did it first and is causing an internet phenomenon about just how bad it is.But when Rena Riffel (an actor who played one of the dancers in the first film) came out with her teaser for a film that hasn¡¯t been made (with a drag showgirl and embarassing acting) the Marc Vorlander decided to make a public statement that really doesn¡¯t help his cause."I recently received a couple of Elizabeth Arden¡¯s new, very covetable, eyeshadow compacts.Color Intrigue Eyeshadow Duos come in an elegant compact printed with an inspiring quote from Elizabeth Arden: ¡°To be beautiful and natural is the birthright of every woman.¡±While the compact itself is certainly worthy of beauty lust, the eyeshadow inside makes these duos worth buying.I reviewed Color Intrigue eyeshadow before and I¡¯m a fan of the product¡¯s beautifully smooth, blendable, crease-free formula.I tried two of the duos, both of which are ultra-wearable and will flatter most skin tones. ¡°Autumn Leaves¡± is a silky matte duo that pairs a warm shade of peach with the perfect shade of cocoa brown. "You could be about to give birth and a representative from the Guiness Book of World Records requests to document it. Your credit card could have accidently registered a payment of $10,000 you don't have. You could be stuck in an elevator in Brooklyn WITHOUT alcohol. I used to use this airlines a lot when I lived in Long Beach.  They were veyr down to earth and very conscious of giving quality service. Not quite as cheap as Southwest and I only regret that they don't fly into LA more often but for what it is, it's a good airline.  I love the TVs by every seat too. It really came in handy on the red eye flight to New England.  Yes, roses and chocolates are lovely gifts for your Valentine¡ªmaybe a bit obvious but romantic nonetheless. If you're looking to be a little less transparent¡ªand you're willing to spend a bit more money (isn't she worth it, after all?)¡ªthen check out these Valentine's Day gift ideas. We've rounded up a bunch of gadgets¡ªavailable in pink and/or red¡ªthat will surely put a smile on her face. Why not say "I love you" with a ruby red digital camera or "I like you a lot" with a hot pink iPod nano. This review is for Maybelline's new mascara, Lash Stiletto. I purchased this mascara, in the hue Very Black, from Wal Mart about a week ago and have proceeded to use it every single day since then. My Lash Stiletto  purchase came with a bonus waterproof liquid eyeliner, in black, at no extra cost. The total for this duo came up to about 7 dollars, which I believe to be a very good deal considering the impressive quality of this product. The price will be different in various parts of the country, but from what I understand, Lash Stiletto by Maybelline usually runs between 7 to 10 dollars.The actual mascara "tube" is very eye catching and cute. Modeled after the heel of a stiletto, Maybelline make an interesting play on this product's name. With Easter almost on it's way I wanted to be sure that I made some beaded eggs this year. So I thought what better way to use up some of my Bead Stash. I used the flower motif for one and added some daisies. The other is just free form. I do still want to make a few more before Easter if I find the time, but here's a couple of them for starters.I'd never laid fingers to a MAC before my husband purchased two for us last month. I've been a loyal Gateway customer until the last one started crapping out a year before the 3 year extended warranty was up, and they gave me problems about fixing it. I said "no more!" and started looking at the iMAC. I love it! Easy to learn, easy to use, so many options, and I can still use Microsoft Office on it, which is important to me, because I do work that requires Word. "I had a very bad experience at the Framingham, Massachusetts Enterprise at 298 Worcester Road. My experience at the location at 1701 West Hillsboro Boulevard in Deerfield Beach, Florida was so outstanding I have to rave.My mom had a fender bender so her car was in the shop. When I arrived in Florida I called Enterprise. She had already contacted them because it went through her insurance company. When I called they said they¡¯d have Wayne are our condo within 20 minutes. Five minutes because Wayne arrived he called to let us know he was close by ? and right on time. "Real school starts on Wednesday. I am excited but nervous about that too. I am still scrambling to put together my class on modernist poetry and just decided to have a course website for the first time ever. One reason is swine flu (we're supposed to make it easy for students to keep up from home so that they don't spread their piggy germs around) but really I just want to be able to add online readings throughout the quarter instead of choosing everything now.I really am getting excited to get on the plane and start my journey. Yesterday I confirmed my hotel, decided with City Motel. Today was a challenging day, started out with the Then went on to start my day of prenatal visits, unfortunately when I stopped to grab a coffee and pressed the window down button to get my parking ticket- when ugh my car window goes slamming into the door. mild 4.4 earthquake which jolted me upright in bed, and made me go - yep I've been a way from California for a while."I flew on Jet Blue this summer with a group of teachers. I had heard a lot of bad things about Jet Blue and was hesistant to fly with them. The flight was booked through a trip coordinator so I had no day in the matter.I was so pleased with the service, the plane and the flight in general I would love to fly Jet Blue whenever possible. There was a wide variety of snacks to choose from and the flight attendants were very efficient."Oy, what a weekend! We headed up to the general Seattle area on Friday for the Seattle Kennel Club dog show. Kim was super nice and let us stay at her house again. Once we got the dogs and ourselves settled in, we had a few glasses of wine and chatted for a bit. I had been forewarned that this show tends to be a bit of a zoo. There's a fair amount of promotion done for the show to encourage spectators (I have a strong suspicion it has to do with the fact that they charge admission for this show) and that creates a few issues for the exhibitors that I was about to witness first hand the next day. But first, I have to explain our lovely sleepless night.It was another late arrival home today, so I ended up taking my walk after dinner rather than prior to it, grabbing the camera with the 18-55mm lens on my way out the door. I wanted to get a couple of photos of the downed trees from the storm we had over the weekend. It was NOTHING like the bad weather that my friends in CT experienced. We didn¡¯t lose power here. Below is the old cherry tree that split the lilac in half last year. Can you tell my heart is still broken over that lilac bush? I've found out that my best friend plans to come and visit me for a few days the weekend after Christmas, and additionally, since we aren't going to Florida this year as planned, my family from Merritt Island are going to drive to South Carolina to visit for about a week. I unfortunately will only get to see them for one day since I'm going to be flying to New Jersey to spend a week with my boyfriend and his family for New Years. So much traveling, so little time!I have delivered both of my children at Evanston Northwestern Memorial Hospital. One of them I had naturally with forceps, the other via emergency c-section. While personally the experience was mixed, I was generally happy with the hospital and the overall facilities. I have made coffee with everything from Bunns to pots boiling on the top of the stove, but the Capresso is the only Coffee Maker that gives me true and well flavored coffee exactly as I want it to taste. The whole thing is done in a flash with minimal work on my part and it is ready before you know it. Setting the timer the night before, I know that in the morning I will have a fresh pot of coffee sitting there waiting for me, just the right flavor and just the right temporature. I pour a cup and savor the flavor of the best coffee ever made in this house. Thai Airways made the almost 20 hour flight from LA to Kathmandu, Nepal as comfortable as possible.  The beautiful fabric on the plane's seats and the colorful, "uniforms" worn by the gorgeous flight attendants put passengers in a Thai state of mind as soon as they step on the plane.Passengers are given a choice of 2 Thai meals and everything was delicious.  Meals were served on china with real silverware, even in coach. Well, first of all, I have been sick with some sort of nasty combination of an upper respiratory infection and a sinus infection...it literally put me out of commission for about 2 weeks. I went to the doctor twice - the first time he told me to take over the counter cold medicine and drink hot tea. The second time, about a week and a half later, when I went again because I was getting worse and worse, he finally gave me antibiotics. I started feeling better within a day or two but then felt nauseous for the next few days due to the antibiotics. Now I'm finally feeling better and no longer feel like I'm going to faint while trying to work, which is always nice."Parents are probably the most interesting and the most annoying couples on this Earth. I think they act in such bizarre ways to get noticed by their aging offspring. I would gladly acknowledge my parents in a friendlier manner more often if they weren't so strange all the time. I don't know if they think because I'm a teenager they need to be ""cool"" but I would prefer them not try at all becuase I'd rather see their genuine selves.I'm starting to realize that my mom and dad aren't just the people who have raised and taught me specific morals and lessons in life but they are also people who have thoughts and opinions. I would really love to hear what they think about certain topics but they just don't let this wall down so all I really get from them are lessons on what is good and what is bad. My parents and I have a good relationship, don't get me wrong, but I want to talk to them like they are just regular people."I would definitely recommend this computer to anyone who wants a great out-of-the-box, easy to use, reliable option that is also great looking. I have had my computer for a couple of years now and it's the best computer I've ever purchased. It doesn't become obsolete the minute I take it out of the box and (knock on wood) I've not had any problems with it since. The screen is big and very beautiful. I love looking at pictures and creating movies and slide shows with my daughter's pictures for family and friends to watch. It's easy to do, even for this computer-challenged user."I have been remiss. But the title of this post is not an apology. OH NO. It is the repeated phrase that follows any sort of instruction that I give my sage 4-year old. The good news is that sometimes he follows it up with ""I was supposed to...(insert instruction here)"" and then does it. I choose to take this as a positive sign that a) he is miraculously listening, and b) he can accurately read my strong desire to toss him out of a window and diffuse it. Sort of. This is pretty much the only way that 4-year olds are awesome...unless you count creating an unbelievably enormous pile of crumbs under their chair at the dinner table and then falling OFF OF THEIR CHAIR and into it during the meal. Maybe several times."I wish I knew more about the situation. I wish the DR and Nurses were a little more concerned, but at the same time they are not and maybe that is a good sign that it really is not going to be that big of a deal, if it turns out to be anything at all. I wish Elko had more resources. I wish my mom was here with me. I wish I could research through the internet until I was satisfied.Before you make any pre-judgements about Animal Planet ordering a reality show about Mike Tyson and pigeons, let's take a look at some the titles that make up their current programming roster; Animal Precinct, Monsters Inside Me, Jessica the Hippo and Pit Bulls and Parolees. Now with that frame of reference, is "Mike Tyson Playing with Pigeons" really that bizarre?Actually the current working title of Animal Planet's Mike Tyson pigeon racing project is Taking on Tyson.  Not what I would have gone with, but that's probably because for me, the real draw is racing pigeons not Mike Tyson.  why do people think it's a good idea to get drunk off your keister in the middle of the week on a work/school night? I wear green regularly in my rotation of outfits and cosmetics, but since I wore green today, people kept asking me what my exciting plans were tonight. Or they told me it doesn't matter that I have to get up early and work with children in the morning. Or they just smiled and winked when I said I'm running errands and going to bed early. I have no desire to get drunk for the sake of being drunk on green liquors."My picky eater of an English Bulldog LOVES this food! Plus it's made specifically for his breed.His coat is so much softer, his energy levels are amazing (he keeps up with my 3 year old son!). Wonderful brand, no by products. Worth every penny!"We have been going to Montana and Wyoming for about 14 years. We love it!!Such a beautiful part of the country and so much to do for a family.The kids loved riding around looking for buffalo and seeing the gysers and the paint-pots. Such a great family bonding time! Highly recommend a trip into Jackson Hole, WY to see the Tetons and then driving into Yellowstone and going to Big Sky, MT and through the park. Never a dull moment and different every time you visit. It's an ideal location no matter which season it is too!sometimes in life we get so excited about what God is doing in and around us that we forget to slow down and remember why He's got us where we are currently. at least that's how it's been for me the past few days/weeks. i've got a lot going for me. i really do. i feel like God is taking me in some really cool directions.While short haircuts will still be popular with some of the ladies, overall hair will return to something much more romantic. Look for a lot of longer tresses that are soft, wavy and ultra feminine. That extra hair length will be needed in order to pull off the biggest hair trend of the season - the ponytail. Think "I Dream of Jeannie" with high, higher, highest long ponytails that even have hair covering the elastic band. Some will be straight and ultra chic but a few will continue the soft wavy look or add a few gentle curls.Sydney has been blabbing up a storm (A STORM) and her two first words are, I kid you not: "Mama" and "Blahblah-Blahblah". Just say it, that second one. If it sounds like a cartoon noise than you are spot on. Now these two seemingly unrelated utterances are the exact opposite of that: I truly beleive, in my CORE, that it is not a coincidence. To her, they are relational constants. Mama=blahblah-blahblah.An "essential oil" is an aromatic oil extracted from a plant, the concentrated essence of that plant, and these oils (also known as volatile oils) are used in aromatherapy, as well as perfumes and food flavorings. In aromatherapy they are used in a number of different ways to have a healing effect on the body. As well as having a physical benefit, using an essential oil in massage is thought to improve a person¡¯s physical, psychological and emotional well being in different ways, depending on the specific essential oil (or combination of oils) being used.So I was in charge of preschool yesterday and I think it went well. My topic was fire safety. First I had a candle burning and I showed them (from a safe distance) what fire looks like. Then I blew it out and showed them what smoke looked and smelled like. Then I talked about how they should neve touch it because it is hot and can hurt/burn skin, clothing, hair, rugs, etc.I have always wanted to see Stargate SG-1, but didn't want to get into it so late in the show.  I ended up finding all 10 seasons on DVD.  This is such a great value.  There are over 200 hours of SG-1 and plenty of great special features.  If you want to watch this series for the first time or want to own it for your collection this is the way to go.  "I want to preface this post by saying that I love Ohio. I loving living here and being close to Michael's parents. I also love the friends we have made here and the experiences we're having here. That being said, I also miss my family. It's hard being so far away and not being part of those day to day experiences that I miss out on constantly. I miss being at those family events and am sad that every time I see my nieces and nephews they've grown significantly and don't know me as well as they know their other aunts and uncles. But the thing I miss the very most is having my mom and dad nearby. I miss seeing them and being with them and so much want my boys to have a close relationship with their grandpa and grandma. I am so grateful that my mom and dad try so hard to foster and build those relationships despite the miles that separate us."This was a second cruise for my husband and I and a first with the kids.  Our first cruise was on a different line and it pales compared to the Disney cruise experience.  Our kids are 4 and 6 and they had a great time.  As soon as we got in the car to come home they asked, "When are we going again?"We fed the stingrays in Nassau and that was a perfect excursion for young kids.  My youngest was scared to be in the water with them, but she loved watching them from the shore. I really hope that I start to feel better in month 4. Everyone keeps telling me I'll start feeling better soon. Please?! Let it be true! Right now I am so excited that I am going to have a child, but I've hated being pregnant. So I'm really hoping that the 2nd and 3rd trimester will be easier to love being pregnant. I am excited for my baby bump! I want it now :)I started my 'Belly Book' last week and I'm excited to see how this baby grows! My schedule is a little bananas lately. I can't seem to find time to go out at night,keep my house tidy,see friends,do laundry,watch movies or do anything that feeds my soul.  I am also craving inspiration. A person,a song,a picture,a story...just anything. If my soul isn't inspired I feel dull and lifeless and I've realized it is essential for me to be constantly inspired. I thirst for it. Eleven o' clock at night is my new 6pm and I find myself not wanting to fall asleep at night simply because I enjoy my time relaxing at home too much. I need to begin to find a balance and force a change somehow. I adore my job and I feel like all the time and commuting I do is well worth it so I just need to find a balance. I'm craving a balance. Well, today ended up being a greener day than I expected. I went off to work not feeling all that great, but had too much stuff to get done and figured that I could at least push through the first half of the day. That didn't happen. I spent most of the time I was at work hunched over my chair at my desk with a garbage can next to me in case my breakfast decided to rebel against me. I managed to get some stuff rescheduled and then high tailed it home hoping that I wouldn't have to pull over along the way.The Zune HD is here. The device hit stores on Tuesday and Microsoft has released the updated Zune 4.0 software on the Web.The 16 G-byte Zune HD is available in black for $219.99 and the 32GB platinum device is on sale for $289.99 at major retailers. Exclusive colors - red, blue, and green - are also available directly from the Zune Store, as are customizable units.The ultra-thin Zune HD features a multi-touch OLED screen that works much like the iPod touch's. It plays back HD video and HD radio broadcasts.Microsoft has also revamped the Zune's interface, which now moves fluidly from one screen to the next, and includes a "history" tab that allows you to access, in one click, the last video, photo, radio station, Web site, or song you were playing. By April 1st...I will be living in Houston, Tx. I never liked change but I am embracing it. I know God needed to get my attention. I was doing things my way, not reading my bible, not calling my mom, and just completely disconnected from God. Me and my life were simply a MESS!!! Within a month...I finalized my divorce, got fired from my job, found myself in-between apartments, AND gained 6 pounds!!! You could have dated a man, supposedly hung like a horse, who traveled abroad and cheated on you - despite being given various outs - who proceeded to lie about it and didn't resist, until he discovered he had chlamydia - and even then lied, meanwhile, he lied about his only witness being in love with you to avoid contact.The Beach Body P90X workout program is an intense, yet lasting way to get your body and life back in shape. I transformed the way my body looked, adding toned muscles and feeling full of energy with this program."Undefining moments have defined the moment when I fell in love with you. An interest in everything but yourself is to be sought after by a fine messiah. Public agents are unworthy in the fact that they are not private.Sound documents are useless to those who have failed their ears. I never think about you because I always see you."I absolutely loved the disney cruise.  We went on a 4 day cruise on the wonder ship.  It was my first cruise and I don't think that I'll ever take another landlocked vacation.  Disney pulled out all the stops.  I loved everything from the food down to the little animal towel left on the bed.  my gosh! Lady Gaga's Bad Romance is echoing in my head! and, i think Fei have watched the video one hundred times already! LOL! yep! fei is a fan. we bought a headband with a big pink bow on it and she calls it her lady gaga headband :) aside from my last song syndrome there is another thing happening right now :) i'm releasing "Connection" a kit that i have collaborated with the brilliant Ange of Ange Designs! this kit really looks so sweet that i can almost eat it! it is jam packed with lovely papers and coordinating elements.I had missed my flight, but when I got to the airport, the agent not only put me in the next flight, she even gave me a window seat!  The best part was her willingness to help.I went to the Valvoline in Aurora. It was such an amazing experience. The manager, Jim, was very helpful and knowledgable. After going to Jiffy Lube I was scared of feeling pressured to buy more services but that wasn't the case AT ALL. He explained to me what was recommended for my car but didn't pressure me to do it at all. The prices were decent. The wait time was reasonable. I think I might come back to this store every time now.... even though I live all the way in Brookfield. I have never felt more at ease with a service station before.  I have been in my share of hospitals in the last 3 years (mostly having babies!), but none were quite like Highland Park Hospital. Okay, maybe shopping mall is a gross exaggeration, but there are definitely some similarities-- chatty nurses, valet parking, long waits, etc. Read on to find out more!"""The reality is there are no plans to do it because of the way that our games our serviced,"" Kim said in an interview with UGO. ""The nature of our games are live, and in order to get them running right and to deliver that same experience, we're going to have to update monthly and adapt it on the fly. I don't think consoles are capable of that yet."""So with the holidays over, I can finally post about two things: My mom's shawl and J's afghan. Both were big hits with their intendeds, so I'm thrilled. He was speechless when he figured out what he had, but as we all know, that didn't last for long. He slept in it Christmas night, like a toddler."I never watched The Wire when it was on TV, just didn't think I'd get into it~My husband Netflixed the entire series last summer and we watched it together and all I can say is WOW ~ How did this series not win all of the Emmy awards each season?We could hardly wait for each disc to arrive while we were watching it, not just for Season One either, for every single season~The drug trade and people on the streets were enacted so realistically that I actually felt like I was THERE with each episode~ I especially enjoyed the characters of Marlow, Stringer Bell, and all of the detectives and policemen."last week i got a letter back from the wisconsin review. they turned down my 2 poems i sent them. that's fine. you can't win them all. the poems really go together and i think they deserve to get published, so i'll just send them to another place. if you can't take rejection don't go into the publishing buisness. publishing of any kind, music, book, movies, etc.There are certain shades of lipstick that are chosen each season as the shade to wear. Unfortunately, not every shade of lipstick is suitable for every woman, particularly if they are overtly dark in color. It might be because of the woman's age, or it might have more to do with her skin tone. It could clash with the colors she has in her wardrobe. Whatever the reason might be, sometimes a popular dark lipstick color just can't be worn by everyone.Look what I got for Mother's Day this year, what a clever little boy I have got! I haven't had much chance to look through it but it definitely looks like it has so great ideas for using the stash. I'll write a more in depth review when I have had a better look.Simply put, Lavada is exactly what every women needs.  I read an article that said the makers of Lavada don't need to advertise and now I see why.  Once I took Lavada and felt the difference of being fresh, I couldn't help but share this secret with my friends.   Now they are the ones raving about Lavada. Plus they gave away a breast cancer awareness bracelet with my order to show support for the cause.  Very admirable!I don't usually write reviews on products but I have to say that this is one product that actually works.  I've taken centrum and one a day vitamins without noticing any difference in how I felt.  Lavada is exactly how every article described it.  Small and potent with intimate health benefits where women need it most. I recommend Lavada to all of my girlfriends not only because its a great multivitamin, but because they support breast cancer awareness research.  It's nice to see a company that actually supports these causes. These are great! My husband uses them and I never hear a bad word about them. He has been using these for over five years and is a faithful customer to this faithful brand. They are so nice and comfortable. He forgets they are in many times and we have to make sure he doesn't sleep with them in.  so my little guy turned 4 today! what an exciting day for him... i think i did a pretty good job faking not being sick most of the day. up early, took him to the store to pick out birthday cookies for school, picked him up from school, played on the trampoline, hung out inside with him... took him out for a birthday ice cream cone... all good times. unfortunately last night the flu hit me like crazy. i honestly can't remember the last time i felt as miserable. i couldn't even function. i layed in bed from 6:30 on... not even able to move... had a difficult enough time to get up and walk down the hall to the bathroom. anyway, woke up feeling a bit better, but not 100 % for sure. hope i'm better by tomorrow... for maz's family birthday partay! this partay is for him!!! And it's a "traditional" sort of story telling that I have in mind here.  Not the kind played out in big city court rooms between corporate crooks and ravenous lawyers but the kind that brings to mind the dusty, dry heat of a Western high-noon.  A frontier town sheriff on the hunt for a thieving outlaw.  Or in the case of Timothy Olyphant's Raylen Givens, a U.S. Marshall on the trail of a Neo-Nazi with a rocket launcher.  After all, this isn't Deadwood we're talking about here.Gladiator, along with Braveheart, Terminator, and Scarface, holds a high place in the "We're Manly Men" hall of fame. But it's not just gory battles and rippling muscles (although it has these things in spades). The plot is surprisingly emotional, telling the story of a family man trapped in a world where he excels, but wishes that he could just return home to his family. When his family is brutally murdered, he is forced into slavery as a gladiator, his only future the amusement of the blood-thirsty mobs of Rome.My mother was a contrarian, she was. For instance, she always wore orange on St. Patrick's Day, something that I of course did not understand at the time, nor, come to think of it do I understand today. Protestants wear orange in Ireland, not here, but I'm pretty sure my mother had nothing against the Catholics, so why did she do it? Maybe it had to do with the myth about Patrick driving the snakes, a.k.a. pagans, out of Ireland. Or maybe it was something political. I have no idea and since my mother is long gone from this earth, I guess I'll never know.LaLicious Sugar Souffl¨¦ body scrub has a devoted following and I now understand why.I received a sample of this body scrub in Tahitian Flower and after one shower with this tub of sugary goodness, I was hooked. The lush scent is deliciously intoxicating and it ended up inspiring compliments and extended sniffing from both loved ones and strangers alike.Furthermore, this scrub packs one heck of a punch when it comes to pampering dry skin. In fact, LaLicious promises that this body scrub is so rich that it will eliminate the need for applying your post-shower lotion. This claim is true ¡ª if you follow the directions."See here's the thing: men have their neat little boxes through which they compartmentalize their lives.  Relationship over?  Oh, I'll just close that box.It's not that easy for women.Our relationships are not just a section of our lives-- they run through the entire fabric, a hot pink thread which adds to the mosaic composing who we are.  Take out a relationship and you grab that thread and pull.  Have you ever pulled a thread on a knit sweater?  That's what it's like.  The whole garment gets scrunched and disfigured just because that one piece was removed.  And then you have to pull it back apart, smooth it out, fill in the gaps."Then there's my work life. I had an incredible review from my boss 2 weeks ago, and have been slowly adding more and more to my occupational plate as opportunities have been presenting themselves. I'm now going to be the head coach for 7th/8th grade girls' volleyball in the fall. I'm working at the Harlem School of the Arts this summer, just two mornings a week, but they've tentatively asked me if I'd be interested in working their Saturday program during the school year. I have three new piano students for the fall -- kids who are my students at school and will now also be my private piano students. I had my first lesson today with one of them, and it was incredible.ve had problems in the past with contacts due to dryness and the hassle of always taking them out when I sleep.  With Acuvue Oasys soft contact lenses I've had more comfort then ever.  The dryness is gone.  I can wear them longer.  I can even sleep in them and not have to take them out every night.  I just put in drops when I wake up and I'm good for the day.  It's an ideal product for someone who is always on the go and has no energy to do anything but go to bed in the evening.  At an affordable price you can't beat them, especially when you use up a new box less often.Ok, so how stinkin' cute IS this bunny?? I saw an adorable Easter sign at Hobby Lobby a few weeks ago and thought it would make a great card. I can't find the adapter that allows me to download photos from my camera phone, so I can't show you the inspiration piece. But it was an Easter bunny peeking over the top of an Easter egg. We celebrated St. Patty's Day with Ethan, Carys, and Molly and.....a dinner made 'o green!  We had green pancakes with shamrock-shaped whip cream on top, green vanilla yogurt (green food coloring and I were special friends today) topped with green sprinkles, and honey dew.  For dessert, we had a magically delicious treat I referred to as Pots o' Gold - halved orange peels filled with "gold" (yellow jello squares) and garnished with gold coins (chocolate Easter candy)!  As for beverages, we had Sprite in clear cups with green Sprite ice cubes to color our drinks.  It really was so much fun to get into the spirit of St. Patty's Day."I'm so excited about the gorgeous weather we've been having lately. I feel like spring has crept up early, quickly and unexpectedly this year. But maybe that's just because I was prepared for it to be especially late in coming up here in Sudbury. I'm not getting my hopes up though that it's here to stay, because we'll likely have some more winter before it's gone for good."I own a 9 1/2 year old German Shepherd mix. We believe his father was a black lab with chow mix. His mother was a full-blooded German Shepherd.Fred is a great dog. He weighs 110 lbs. so you can't ever pick him up and his meds cost a fortune, but he's worth every time. I watch a lot of Court TV and I feel much more secure having Fred in the house with me!He's settled down a lot over the years. He used to be much more high strung and jumped on people, etc. Now he just barks a lot. He's definitely the alpha dog of our family. Apparently if the rain we are getting this weekend were snow, it would be about  three feet deep. It is also pretty windy. Therefore the streets are awash with dead umbrellas rolling like tumbleweed across streets and frightening the dogs. The corpses are flung every which way including upside down. A few are neatly disposed of in garbage receptacles. Others look positively dangerous.Joe's is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  I love the fresh seafood, the staff and that my husband finds their steak to be one of the best in the city.  He doesn't like seafood so it great to have a place we can both go and indulge on the food we love.  I would like to say I was cool before my kids. I would like to say that my husband sucked all of my awesomeness out and this is what is left, a shell of a woman that talks about her kids to much. That back in the day I was a woman with a sense of style, that I looked great and rocked a room when I walked into it. However none of that is true. Truth be known, my kids and my husband are the best things that have ever happened to me.To make the story short, I have been living on loans for the past 2.5 years while pursuing my midwifery education, scraping by. I had planned this trip at the end of my training, to cement all of my hours of studies and polish my skills before heading off into the land of the newly licensed and practicing home-birth midwife. Unfortunately due to the necessary end of my last relationship and the lies surrounding my gifted airline tickets for this trip never appearing, I had to reallocate the money I had set aside for lodging to purchase my ticket.In the spirit of provident living we have several bags of hard red wheat stored away. Such a thing keeps forÿprobably forever, mostly because it is not easily used. So--just in case we ever had to survive on whole wheat I brought home a hand cranked flour mill. Our kitchen has one low counter for vertically challenged people¡ªlike me. The little mill attaches nicely there. It holds about three cups of grain.Again, I am late with this one and I am really sorry. This past two weeks is literally BUSY with work, family and relatives. I have to come to office on the weekends and work untill 12am and then come back again at 7am then work till 12am again... then a few days after was Nico's baptism. I was late at preparation. Invitations was sent out 3 days before the event. AND relatives from Qatar visited us (which i have been waiting for because I miss my nephews and niece). It was fun, exciting, memorable and tiring. Its like everyday there is always happening and its so fast and I only get 5 hrs of sleep a day. So, to make this post short, I'll describe my life as crazy beautiful! hehe!!! oh, and you are waiting for the winner of the game? :)  :)  :)Well I cleaned house, okay so all I did was the mirrors in the bedroom and dusted (with pledge (grins) then took a shower. I looked down and there was this huge clump of hair and I mean huge. I kinda expected this and even have made remarks about maybe it will grow back in curly instead of stick straight or black or red instead of mousy brown and I didn't think I would cry but I did.I absolutely love it! It is waaaaaay better than the chi that I have been using for 3 years. I have damaged, frizzy, split-end galore, very thick hair. Also being that I live right by the beach my hair is always frizzing up. It usually takes me about an hour and so few minutes to straighten my hair with my chi. With the Solia (1-3/4") it took me 20 minutes. I was amazed with the very BIG time difference. This will very much benefit my husband as he is always hurrying me up when I'm doing my hair. It didn't snag my hair once & did NOT frizz up when I stepped outside. Now I feel i got ripped off when I bought the chi. This was very well worth every cent. Many people fear the holidays because they are afraid of putting on a few extra pounds. Some even turn down party and dinner invitations in hopes of avoiding any new bulges or rolls. However, holidays are the perfect time to touch base with family members and friends that you don¡¯t see regularly throughout the year, so it is important not to let fears of gaining weight prevent you from having some holiday fun.There are some minor adjustments that can be made to help ensure those extra pounds stay away. All it takes is knowledge, commitment, concentration, and a bit of willpower. Here are some suggestions that have worked for others and just might work for you as well!"I don't have a photo of Mom in her Shawl, but here are the finished pics, me modeling.I did manage to knit almost all of my Christmas gifts - the only ones that I bought were for my sister and for friends. Yay me!Hope the new year brings lots of goodness and joy and happiness for you and yours!"I like the Clear Care contact products. I used to use the kind my eye doctor gave me until my fiance recommended this one.  It can be a little pricey, but you can save some of the fluid by not rinsing the contacts before storing them in the case (which is always included in the new box of fluid).  I never rinse them, and my fiance always rinses his, and we don't seem to have any differences."I find spring here, by turns, overwhelming, irritating, and unbelievably beautiful. Every year, including this year of course, spring blows me away. There are days when I dance in shamanic alignment with the colors and shapes, when I become more vivid, put on a deep shade of pink lipstick and extra mascara. Other days I just want to run away from it all, go north or head out west past the Rockies, to places less verdant and therefore more peaceful.My respiratory system reacts as if it has been attacked which is the very reason I went forth this morning to buy bucketsfull of allergy meds. This year I'm trying Zyrtec, a more virile 24 hour concoction than the Claritin I usually take.I'm diving into the big antihistamines this year because I have a feeling that after our cold, snowy winter, this spring is going to be extra powerful. Judging by the way everything seems to be blooming all at once, I'm thinking my prediction is spot on."Living in the South brings blooms year-round. When Spring and Summer come, the pollen and blooms are multiplied. My allergies are usually sinus related, but this Spring I found myself going to the grocery store in search of eye drops to ease the pain of my sore, itchy dry eyes. I tried the cheap over the counter ones, but they did nothing to help. I tried another name brand eye drop, but it didn't help either. So I tried Visine A.C. Eye Drops.I put off getting braces for my son long enough. He's 13, and it's just time, at least if I want to do it before it's time for dentures. I'm not even sure why I put it off for so long, but there just always seemed to be something else that needed to get done before we got around to it. Once he broke his ankle in football, and was laid up anyway, it seemed like the perfect time.I didn't start watching AD until way after the show was over. Better late than never?! I don't know why or how I even began to watch this show, but I'm glad I did. After watching a few episodes online (probably Hulu), I immediately took myself to Target to purchase the seasons. I had always seen the DVDs at Target, just never really knew what it was about. Maybe that's why I started watching it, out of curiousity. This is hands down, one of my favorite shows. Any excuse to go to visit the geniuses at the Apple store on 14th Street. The building is so stunning it's worth hanging about there getting giddy from all the glass stairs and so forth. And then to have someone do utterly clever things with the computer and unearth things I thought were irretreiviably lost.I think the place has had 196,000 plus photos taken of it already, but it's fun anyway.Im proud to announce that same-sex marriages are now legal in DC! We are the 6th state to acknowledge same-sex marriges in the U.S. Late last year the bill was being proccessed and reviewed, and March 3 of this year the bill was passed! Its ashame that it took this long for recognition of happiness. The sex of a person should have never been relevant. Unfortunaltley it was, but no longer! Thanks to the persistence and hard work of the openly gay DC Councilman David Catania and Mayor Anthony Fenty, the gays in the nations capital are now able to live incandescently happy as they ought to!Precious kept me on the edge of my seat. I liked this movie because I like the movies that make you become a part of them. This movie was very intense as it showed the true feelings of being molested while someone just stands by and then blames you for it. It also showed how to overcome that and move up and mature through it. I had strong feeling of anger towards this mother but had to realize that this mother had emotional problems too.Another learning point has been do not take too much from home with you. For practical reasons I had to bring along school via online classes and my work to help finance this adventure but both have been rather greedy with my time. My aspiration to tap into a deep creative vein here for writing and painting has been blocked by my responsibilities. The creativity is there though. Most days I awake inspired, wanting to sit down to the keys or brush and express what I see and feel but often I sadly must put that impulse aside for work or school."It seems that I may have neglected to inform you of the release of issue 7 of IGMS. I personally just barely realized it and am sorry for the delay of information. But it is...though without the Ender Saga story as of yet. I feel neglectful of this blog...but at least I am not with my new husband. So...I have my priorities straight. Oh and I think I might finally get him to read EG. Finally.I only have a few weeks left in the school year and I am still eagerly awaiting the arrival of Keeper of Dreams. Yay! Then I might have something to write about...then you might have something worth reading. (besides my life.)So anyway...I am happily married now and look forward to starting my life with my husband. Thanks everyone in my family and everyone that is there to support us--thanks for everything!! SMILE!!! "Today I took advantage of some free time and went shopping at Target and Walgreens. I was very happy with everything I purchased. One tip that I can give everyone is to know your prices. I keep a price book but over time I have gotten to know many prices so I know when I find a good deal. Like today, I found some toothpaste marked down for $3.49. I had coupon for $1.00 off that specific toothpaste.I've been thinking about things. I've been thinking about what I want to do with the rest of my life, and I've decided that I want to take (at least) a picture a day so I can have photo albums filled with pictures by the time I'm (old enough to be?) a grandparent. And maybe then when I die (because I slightly obsess over death), people will be like, "Woah, look at her life." Or think I was a complete nut job (which I sort of am). And you know what? I'm totally cool with that.I suffered from migraines and neck pain. i went to other MD's and chiro's but Doctor Alexis was the first who could really adjust me and provide therapy and other treatments that made a difference. I have gone 6 months with no migraines! This has been such a blessing-they helped me change my diet, get adjusted, and did AWESOME muscle work. I only had to go like 4 times before i was 100% now i see her probably once a month to prevent further migraines-and it has been successful!!!  I got into watching the Doctor Who showd a few years back and found myself glued to the screen because  the show is super & has peaked my desire for more. I purchased this product a year ago before going on vacation to New York. At that time and currently I don't have a brush roll to protect my brushes. Not sure why I haven't bought one, but I will soon. Any ways I bought this because of many youtuber's doing reviews about it. To be completely honest I never thought that this product wouldn't work it looked like something that was worth buying.I've started a monthly Crafty Night & yesterday evening was the kickoff. (I need to come up with a catchy name. "Crafty Night" is kinda b-l-a-h.) 6 ladies joined me to make some of those popular flat-backed marble magnets. SUPER easy to make! And super DUPER fun! It felt awesomely terrific to get all crafty.he disney wonder was a great ship. The food was excellent. The shows were of Broadway caliber.There was plenty of activities to keep you busy including bingo. I won this trip which made it even better. We saw Nassau and Castaway Cay disneys island. I went on the glass bottom boat excursion. I lost my cap but it was retrieved for me.  If you are need of encouragement or wonder if God is able to move your mountain, please head over to the sidebar where Special Posts are listed. Start at Our Wild Adventure Part 1. You will be reminded of Almighty God's deep love for the orphan and how He will move mountains on their behalf....we call Him the Miracle-Working, Mountain-Moving, Awe-Inspiring, Gasp-Giving God!! Yippee Jesus!!I'm the proud Mommy of Wesley(8/2005) and Ryan (7/2008). I am married to an amazing man. I'm a children's librarian and honestly believe I have the best job in the world. What can I say, I have been blessed!When I was younger, my Dad would take me for drives in the car. He never had a particular destination, it was just his way of spending one on one time with me. Usually he wanted to talk about something or just talk about the day, and sometimes he would just drive and we would listen to the oldies on the radio. I didn't truly get it back then, but I get it now.passionate. a Christ follower. a hopeless romantic. loves my family and friends. in love with my Big Kiddo. a free spirit. strong willed. a dreamer. loves anything vintage. a believer that ocean dreams will become a reality. sure in my faith in beauty and grace. goal oriented. a creator of many arts on Etsy. thankful for watercolor painting. a hopeless romantic. obsessed with Disneyland. thinking about sushi. dreaming of nature. wishing I could eat chocolate covered gummy bears all of the time.My family of 4 went on a Carnival cruise in Oct '08. We cruised on Carnival Sensation. I had an 8 and 3 year old. Camp Carnival was AWESOME. The kids would get mad when I got them. There was so much for them to do that they never got bored. They have a great staff of very friendly people who take the time to get t know yorchild even if they are only with them for a few days. I would like to ass tat cruising is the best way to go for our family. We get all the food we want, shows, babysitting so the parents get some alone time, games, dancing, gambling...need I say more. Woke up at 5.30AM and read my morning email, as always. I usually have an alarm to read it at 4.30AM but it's a Sunday. Just caught the husband leaving for an offroading on his bike and went right back to sleep, after asking him to take care. You never go into an ultrasound thinking there will be something wrong, at least I never did. It's the whole "This happens to other people, not me" disease. The idea that my baby isn't in perfect health and may have to endure pain during the first few days of his life is scary, or that he could even be enduring pain now. We cruised during the week of Thanksgiving and had THE BEST TIME OF OUR LIVES as a family. Every detail was amazing, from the free arcade cards delivered to our rooms for our kids, to the guest towels folded into animal shapes. We got an amazing deal through Small World Travel (check them out online). Our family of four cruised for only $1300 total for a 4 day, 3 night cruise to Nassau and Castaway Cay. On chilly days, the crew sprang into action with trays of hot cocoa delivered to everyone. I've found out that my best friend plans to come and visit me for a few days the weekend after Christmas, and additionally, since we aren't going to Florida this year as planned, my family from Merritt Island are going to drive to South Carolina to visit for about a week. I unfortunately will only get to see them for one day since I'm going to be flying to New Jersey to spend a week with my boyfriend and his family for New Years. So much traveling, so little time!This really is a rectangle sewed together in a tube, but it was good practice with a ribbed pattern.  And the yarn that I have is a bit too chunky for this, but I think it could work over my usual leather gloves for some extra warmth.  Or to wear in the cold office and still be able to type.  At the advice of a friend I'm going to try to learn a new technique with each new project.  So for my second project I learned how to cable knit.  It actually is pretty easy.  And now I can look at my store-bought sweaters and see exactly how they are made. "No blog post yesterday because I was preoccupied with getting ready for the show this weekend. I got to stop off in Tigard to visit Mia and help get her face trimmed up for the show. She was actually quite good. She wasn't thrilled about me trimming her face during the time that she stayed with us. But then again, she was much younger. I also practiced stacking her rear. Every dog is different and I'm so used to Bess who is pretty much fine with whatever I do to her. Mia takes a lighter touch to maneuver her rear feet into the ideal position. Otherwise she likes to lift the leg WAY up into the air. And then it's much more difficult to place it where it should be. And it looks pretty funny!"I use to belong to quite of few different backs and one of them was bank of america...i had so many problems with them it came to the point my money was starting to get missing!  Thats when I had to go down there and find out whats going on and close my account immediatly and opened up with Wachovia!  Ever since I opened up with Wachovia Back never had a problem with my money, checks, atm card, and ect.  I took jetblue on my way home from Italy, and the service was excellent. The flight attendant kept the passengers laughing the whole trip with her comedy routine. She was hilarious, and extremely friendly. Also, the unlimited snacks is a bonus what with airlines giving up on serving meals...overall a great experience."Hi everyone, I bought the 1"" solia flat iron about 3 weeks ago because I wanted a flat iron that straightens my hair as fast as it can curl it, and is not as heavy as my Conair flat iron.I came to find out though that it doesn't straighten my hair as fast and it does tug on my ends a little.I have it on about 350 because i have thin hair and i dont want it to break as much but i still have to go over pieces of hair about 3 times. I really like however , how it curls my hair with only one slow time of going through a piece, but it does leave the hair dry afterwards.So if you want a flat iron to just straighten your hair you might want to get another one that is way cheaper and does the same job. I cant complain about the curling part, though, so I just straighten my hair with the Conair and curl it with this one.. so this is my hair after straightening it with the Solia 1""-took me 20 min."USAA automobile insurance was initially for military officers only (but open to all military members and fam now). My dad went to the Naval Academy and served during the Cuban Missile Crisis. He completed his term right before troops were "frozen" for Vietnam.Since my dad had USAA, all family members could also sign up. I was on my dad's policy when I was a kid, and I continued my service when I "grew up." I grew up in a small town in Connecticut the second of four children. When it was time to "spread my wings," I attended Ricks College in Rexburg, ID. At the end of those two years, I transferred to Southern Utah University in Cedar City, UT where I graduated with a BS degree in teaching, emphasis on Physical Education.I am excited at the thought of going "back to teaching" and still being able to by home with my kids. I love children and helping them learn and develop, and I look forward to getting to know you and your kids.I am excited at the thought of going "back to teaching" and still being able to by home with my kids. I love children and helping them learn and develop, and I look forward to getting to know you and your kids."This is our last chance to travel, hang out and party guys!Hotels all those, we are thinking of budget hotels cuz BACKPACKING is awesome! haha :Dhmm Batch 75 president- Hafiz and Doreen also wants us all to go somewhre together.If we go to Thailand, we can go shopping, night market, go to the BEACH (OMG AWESOME)! :Dgo eat. and photography sessions s well.and we wanna go find Ser as well.hmm if more people join us will be more fun :Dso please come to thailand.""There are tons of Radar Detectors out on the market these days. The question is: Which one do you buy?There are cheap ones and expensive ones. There are some things in life that cheaper is better. Radar Detectors are not one of those things! The more you spend the better off you are!The Valentine One is a state of the art Radar Detector. It can sense radar from the front, back and sides and tell you exactly where it is. ""Blizzard be damned!  Brandon and I holed up in the podcasting hatch in the midst of what New Yorker's referred to as ""Snowmageddon"" this week to bring you the good word on the week in TV!  Ellen on Idol, Kate on the loose and The Jersey Shore crew on lockdown are all items on the docket on this week's show.  Have some thoughts of your own on these pressing matters?  Then head to out our Facebook group and be heard!  And keep Toob Tied on constant rotation by subscribing to us on iTunes!"Having to deal with the Fall weather isn't just limited to the rainy season and the onset of cold weather. It also brings with it a lot of wind, which will pick up the dust, and virtually fling it at your eyes. It is very similar to walking during the summer and having specks of pollen get into your eyes. The discomfort is enough to drive you crazy every time, and anyone who has even had something in their eye knows the feeling all too well. When this happens, you run the risk of scratching your eye if you are not careful on how you deal with it.All facials follow the same basic structure and order. They will begin with makeup removal and cleansing. The cleansing is normally repeated twice to ensure it is thorough. Then comes some method of exfoliation to remove dead skin cells and smooth the surface of the skin. A massage is then performed that can include all or some of the scalp, face, neck, shoulders, back and even the hands or feet. Next a mask is applied, chosen according to the client¡¯s specific skin type. Once the mask has been removed the skin is toned and the final eye, neck and face creams are applied.I think that I mentioned a while ago that I've decided to pick up knitting.  I've been meaning to for a while now, and I recently found my starter kit so I got going.  It does seem to be the thing to do these days.  And there are a few women on campus who get together once a week to knit over lunch, so it is a nice thing to do to relax a bit at work (not that I really have the time).  Anyhoo, I am happy to announce that I have two projects under my belt now! Stargate SG1 and Stargate Atlantis were the best Sci-Fi shows out there. Then the moron producers had to cancel the two series and put on Stargate Universe with a bunch of snot nosed bubble gummers. As a adult I hate watching shows that mistakenly put stupidity in a show in place of drama. Writers can't and I guess the producers can't make a decent movie or television series without stupidity. And on top of the stupidity, they think we want to watch a bunch of stupid kids acting like stupid kids. I had in mind that Precious was a comedy film. It most definately is NOT. It does have some moments that will make you laugh, but this is a heavy film. Really heavy. But, it is a film that will make an impression and stick with you. Definately worth watching.Precious gets kicked out of school at age 16, because she is pregnant - yet again. She already went through this one time. So, the school farms her out to an alternative school.The alt school is a chance for a second chance, but the deck is really stacked against Precious. Fortunately, scientists have developed an imaging system that analyses skin and predicts how it will age. It's called Visia Complexion Analysis, and not only can it predict how our skin will age, but the rate at which it will. It provides a snapshot of what damage has already occurred, and can thus provide a realistic assessment of our skin. The system looks at the major issues in skin aging - brown spots; pores; the bacteria underneath the skin that causes acne, redness, and uneven skin tone; as well as wrinkles, and UV damage. It's a great way to quantify the effects of our environment and our current skin care regime."Hi my name is Dee I am new to blogging and I hope that I can get use to it sooner than later. I love make up, the art of it and the creativity of it. I am starting this blog so that I can give you reviews on new products and older products also. I am a very fair person and you can be assured that I will be giving you my honest opinion. Also if you have something in mind that you would like me to review let me know and I will try to make it happen.I will also try to do some step by step tutorials. I will be showing you guys how different thing work and how to store your make up. I hope this works out well and to hear from you guys."I cannot get enough of this show and its books. The plots and the chemistry between the characters is fantastic and believable. They all seem down to earth. The show has equal part humor and seriousness which I love. Also, when they have emotional story lines the actors portray it so well. Also John Barrowman is just amazing.  "It is fine unless you have to deal with customer service and then the experience starts to go downhill.  They range from unfriendly and unhelpful to completely inconsistent and give conflicting advice and information.And heaven forbid you don't notice damage to the car before you take it out because you will then be stuck with the $500 fine- I'd rather take a cab and not have the hassle."Real school starts on Wednesday. I am excited but nervous about that too. I am still scrambling to put together my class on modernist poetry and just decided to have a course website for the first time ever. One reason is swine flu (we're supposed to make it easy for students to keep up from home so that they don't spread their piggy germs around) but really I just want to be able to add online readings throughout the quarter instead of choosing everything now."A great cosmetic line that you should look into is the Maybelline cosmetics line. They have everything your need to look and feel your best. One of the best items in their makeup line is their mascara. If you need waterproof, lash lengthening or any other type of mascara, they have it and in all different shades. You are sure to find the one that will work best for you. Their products work well and perform completely. Their prices are on the lower end compared to other cosmetics in their category. They also have lipstick and face makeup and much more for every cosmetic need that you may have.You can find them at many stores and shop online with them, too. You will want to pick up two of an item when you purchase the Maybelline cosmetics. It is a good idea to have a set of makeup for use at your home and another set of cosmetics to take with you on the road."I have been used for almost 4 years. The car is just "nice". I remember it never made me " "terrible". I would say that it is economical. More, the size is meet to family riding. I mean the utility is kind of "a Choice". Frankly speaking, I never dissapoint to put my money for this " marvelous car  Yesterday, I cleaned up Joyce Road , so today I cleaned my street ( Campbell) because it was full of trash and it was very awful and gross. I thought it is time for me to get up and clean up this street before it gets worse.The best part about being a pirate is that we don't have to explain why we do what we do. So if I laugh when saying 'poop deck', 'seacock', or 'why haven't we gotten this autopilot fixed yet?', you better not look sideways at me, or i'll keelhaul you. Also, laughing makes you live longer. And if you're a pirate, you know very well why you would want to do that.Whether you commute by bus, train, car, or on foot, lugging a laptop around can get cumbersome. Between that and everything else in your bag, your back can get seriously strained. Short of hiring someone else to carry a laptop, consider a netbook. They're lightweight, inexpensive relative to other laptops, and can handle day-to-day computing on the go. We give you some of our favorites.The Editors' Choice Toshiba mini NB305-N410 ($400 direct, 4.5 Stars) is one of our top-rated netbooks. It weighs in at 2.9lbs. and has a screen-size of 10.1 inches. This pint-sized computer has a full-sized keyboard for those who don't want adjust their typing habits for less space. There's also a 3G option available with Best Buy for those that don't want to risk not having access to free Wi-Fi. "At the Game Developers Conference, which just wrapped up yesterday, many attendees wondered about one of the final sessions held at the show. Little was known about it, except its title, ""Metaphysics of Game Design,"" and its speaker, someone called ""Phaedrus.""It turned out that the mysterious session was being headed by none other than SimCity and Spore creator Will Wright.""I am not Phaedrus,"" Wright said, as he made his way to center stage amid thunderous applause. "As the name suggests, melanoma occurs in the melanocytes cells. Melanocytes contain a substance called melanin that are responsible for skin pigmentation (skin color) and also help protect the skin against the UV rays of the sun. When you go out in the sun, the melanocytes produce more melanin for protection and thus the skin gets tanned. Melanocytes sometime mutate faster than other normal skin cells; as a result, they accumulate together and form tumors. Malignant tumors can also affect the healthy tissues and further give rise to new tumors in the body. Living in a bicycle-friendly town like I do, I can live without the hassles and expense of owning a car because I use Zipcar for mega-buying and out of town adventures. Zipcar takes care of the maintenance and insurance and gives a generous allowance for gas (they provide a gas card and up to 180 miles per 24-hour reservation). It's also fun having a variety of cars to drive; most in my university town are compact, but there is also an SUV when needed."There is a trail of thought which heads to nowhere. There is a landscape you always dream of but can never happen to lay your eyes on but in your thoughts. There is a valley lost in the wilderness which beholds all the things that you need to fathom out your non-fathomable life. Talking about life, there is yet another life in your own existance; you could never ever reason out or argue with her for a just sacrifice of actions towards you for your thoughts to reach the sanctuary of things beyond your territorial reach.There was an escapist. He was lost in the material world. He took a break from it. He went out to make his life change her route, and forced her to give him every thing that he thought is some unknown energy. He renounced his lifetime of possessions and came down to streets. He ran away. He ran away from everything that beholds the people's hearts to cling to their everyday existance, doing that what has been imposed on them by the faggot society that we so often cling to for our happiness.He roamed around like a lost vagabond, striving for his daily bread and shelter from the formidable weather.""Under the greenwood treeWho loves to lie with me,And turn his merry noteunto the sweet bird's throat-Come hither, come hither, come hither!Here shall he seeNo enemyBut winter and rough weather.""-W. Shakespeare.Quite true. The strife which the escapist had in his mind for the non-distinguished facets of life came to benefit him. He was alone, but he, for a change, had to battle against none but the nature, at the worst. But he got what he wanted. He was happy.He wandered places, went to the mountains. The fields of innocence seemed to enrapture his thoughts. The wind sang it's own song for him. He was like a wandering piece of energy, where there is purpose, and there is nobody to oppose him or obstruct him. His naiveity, his faults didn't matter any more to anyone. The negativity seemed to seep out of him into the dust that he tread on. He was his own master and his own slave. He went to the mountains. He wandered around, not for self-dicovery, but to get back to where he came from, in that state. The state that we existed in when we were born, care-free, loving, cheerful. The flora and fauna were his friends. There was a bittersweet melody in the nature, sighing softly as she deteriorated wearily somewhere on the mother earth, but the sound of her said that if nature had eyes, those motherly, loving eyes were trying to appease the grief of humans and calling them towards her. Towards more simple things in life. No life could be simpler than this. And he felt that pang.""Dear Mom,Mental illness runs in our family. You mom, Dianne was Bipolar. Her mom was clinically depressed and stoned constantly. Her husband, or your grandpa was also Bipolar. Me, though have not yet had a therapist tell me I have a disorder. Knock on wood.I could never wrap my mind around your illness, but now I can recognize it more clearly. You always told me about mental illness, but I never understood yours. I remember coming home from school, and trying to talk to you, but you wouldn't respond, you would just sit there. Your eyes were angry.I asked why you were so mad at me, and you wouldn't say a word. I never knew. Then you would get up and slam things like doors. I shook every time you slammed a door. You would take glasses and throw them at me, and I would dodge them. I remember the day one hit me. You were screaming at your boyfriend and trying to rip out your hair. You were yelling and hitting your self with your fists in your head. I begged you to stop, I tried to grab your hands, but you would just get madder. I cried hysterically. Your make up was running all down your face and smears of black and red covered your face. You told me to leave, that you hated me, that you didn't want me anymore. This probably intended to make me stop crying, made me cry harder. You went to the wall and started banging on it. You told your boyfriend what a piece of shit he was. You took the light bulb right out of the lamp and threw it on the ground. I yelled at you to stop once more. You walked into the kitchen, where I was standing and grabbed a glass you threw it at me, but missed and hit the window. You turned around and I thought you were done but then you turned again, picked up another glass and threw it. I couldn't dodge that one , and it hit me in the neck and chin and fell to the ground, where it shattered. I broke down and fell to the ground, around all the glass. That's when you stood there and stared. Then you walked away and left. You slammed the door again. I laid on the floor crying and your boyfriend tried to get me to stand up but I wouldn't. I fell asleep there. When I woke up I decided to pick up the mess. I saw a pool of blood next to the light bulb you had cracked earlier. When I went to clean it up with a towel I threw up. I saw so disgusted. I still cannot stomach blood. I finally got myself together and finished the mess. You walked in later that night and left the lights off. I was in my homemade bed on the floor when you laid down and curled up next to me. I was awake, but you didn't know that. I could smell the alcohol on your breathe, it was outrageous. I'm almost afraid to say that I think your illness raised me.Love, your daughter. "Well, let's see. I am nothing special. Just an ordinary girl. The only thing that makes me special are my family, friends and my smoking hot boyfriend Ernie. Along with my mother I own and operate a automotive upholstery shop. We Rock. Yes we are that damned good at what we do. I don't always like it, but I do it well and I am proud of the work we do. I have two boys. 15 and 9. They are the force that holds my universe together. My duct tape. Both are beautiful, intelligent, caring wonderful kids and I am blessed to have them. There is also my niece who is 15. She lives here off and on, and we love her like crazy. I have a ton of other nieces as well. All are special and I wouldn't know what to do without any of them. My friends have saved me more than once. The ones here and the ones that live 10 miles up the road. Always there for me to lend a helping hand or an ear. They are fun and crazy and understand my weird sense of humor or else they are just laughing at me. Thank you all. Ernie came along when I least expected it and grabbed hold of my heart. I hope he never lets go. He has added joy to my life I didn't even know was missing. And I met him right here on Myspace. Guess that means I should be nicer to Tom, huh?"You know that saying, ""when it rains, it pours""?Monday night, I found out that the dog I grew up with is not doing so well. My mom didn't think he'd make it through the night. I cried. A lot.First thing Tuesday morning, my car nearly gets hit while backing out of my parking spot because some idiot was flying through the parking lot. She had the audacity to honk at ME and make me pull back into the spot so she could continue speeding by. Thank God I didn't get hit!Tuesday afternoon, I deal with a pain-in-the-butt coworker who I simply can't handle. One of those argue-for-the-sake-of-it people trying to give me more work and make my life harder. Because, you know, it's not like I have a 600-page book to publish in three weeks, or anything. Gah.Oh, and my boss scolded me for talking to a coworker, in front of my entire floor. Super.Tuesday evening, I found out my childhood dog is being put down Wednesday night at 5:30 p.m. In my distraught state, I put a thermos of coffee in my purse. When I put my purse down, the cup spills over, filling my Coach bag and drowning my iPhone.Today, my father-in-law is going in for tests as he has been rediagnosed with cancer. We are praying the xrays show it is not lung or bone. Although we're all trying not to worry, it's a little overwhelming since we know it could be serious.It's not that I want a pity party; I just want this week to be over so I can spend the weekend in bed recovering. I know that God says he won't give us more than we can handle, and I know I can handle this (other than it putting me in a bad mood), but does it have to be everything at once? ""How dare they (the media) come on the morning news shows and show webcam pics of the beach off the Hilton, bright and sunny, beckoning, promising, and then tell us that it is but forty nine out, and the blessed Gulf waters are 55 degrees. What kind of glory to know that this is the coldest March since such records were kept.I go out to do morning barn chores wearing my pajamas. No kidding. Beneath my jeans and sweat shirt and puffy jacket and ski cap, and the only gloves I have are flowered gardening gloves, I wear my pajamas. Even the horses hardly know me, fat with clothes like the Michelin Man.There was frost on the grass, and no sign of the tortoise that has taken up residence near the Magnolia tree. They dig holes, tunnels, mazes beneath the earth, and I never know from which ""door"" it will emerge. The barn cats sit on the tin roof to gain warmth from the meagre rays of the sun. The horses do not mind the cold, but seem quite comfortable in their fuzzy winter coats. They nuzzle the thin cover of ice from the water trough to drink, and munch quite happily on the frosted pasture.The robins are drunk all through the yard, from eating the berries off the Brazilian Pepper trees. I doubt they will sober up until April for their flight north. A few are so besotted, I have to step carefully as I cross the lawn in order not to step on them. Fortunately, my spoiled fat cat is too full to bother them.But, as cold as it is here, I feel for my kin in the true north. The house there has had frozen water pipes for a month (they get their water for use from the spigot at the pump.  ) The man of the house goes to the gym after work so he can shower.The worst I heard was when my daughter called to say the dog was frozen to the driveway.  It's a little and spoiled dog, and coming out from the warm warm house to do her morning ""chores"", and stood for a moment on the concrete driveway to bark at a squirrel,, and thus froze to the concrete. My daughter had to bring a pan of warm water out and pour it on her feet to free her.  It was minus ten at the time.Still. It seems a dang cold winter that is hanging on far too long, EVERYWHERE.""What a fine weekend in my world! Ughhhh Life goes on and I look for those better days!Kat is flying into DC tomorrow from Italy; she¡¯ll spend 1 1/2 days there in DC, and then fly home. Maybe she¡¯ll get to rest up some before arriving here; she said her feet are tired! I¡¯ve Missed her like crazy. It¡¯s been so quiet around here!Tim is coming State side towards the end of the month and depending how long the processing takes I¡¯m not real certain when he¡¯ll be back here but I know it¡¯ll be sooner then I originally thought.One thing I do know is change is coming my way once again, big changes, and whether I want to or not I¡¯m going there, rest assured I will roll with it; which isn¡¯t easy cause these days the unexpected seems to really want to jump out and mess with me!I use to love change, any kind of change; if I didn¡¯t feel it then I¡¯d make it. When did I become that person who really doesn¡¯t like change who hangs on to what I know and like till I¡¯ve drained the life out of it? Ha! I believe that happened when I hit 40 and thanks to all my friends above 40 who didn¡¯t warn me it was comingÿAnyone care to share how their weekend was?How about u, do u like change?Does ur furniture attack u on occasion? Does this happen to u with or without alcohol use?I couldn¡¯t imagine what a little alcohol in this mix would do to me! Seriously! LOLCheck out Mischief¡¯s Musical March Madness by clicking the picture below. It really does ROCK almost as much as she does!""OK March 1st and now a new mind set.  At least I am trying to focus on the positive:):):)It has been a fun past few days , I have been blog browsing.  Blog browsing can be quite fun, but sometimes I would get a little kick in the gut when you see all of the family blogs.  Really, everyone is so in love with their kids?!?!  I mean I unconditionally love my children and do everything I can for them but really people.  Maybe because most of them only have about 1 to 2 kids, but is everyone being so real on their blogs.... "" I am married to the best guy...... I have three wonderful kids......blog, blog, blog and so on.""  Get my picture?Really I do have a great husband and three wonderful kids.  I ask myself all the time how did I become so blessed .  I am working on finding myself again because being a wife and mom can cause a woman to lose themselve, so I will not be boasting about my wonderful family.  Sorry, at least not right now!Sometimes it seems so surreal that I am  somebodies mother, it is like when did this happen?!?!Then as I navigate the new world of blogging I am amazed at the layouts and wonder who the hell has all this time on their hands?!?!?  I am lucky to be able to have the time to blog when I can and it is not very often.  Do any of you work?!?!  I guess there are lots of creative people in this world !  Ok that does not sound like a good mindset does it.""Its been a lot of fun out here the past few days. I've had around 30 knots, I'm headed almost right for Cape Horn, and I'm going fast!! Yesterday I got up to 16.6 knots! Today has been a little lighter but not much. Though doing any work is pretty difficult and it had been gray and rainy, I'm really enjoying everything out here.I've got seas of about 15 feet, not that huge, but they definitely make for a bumpy ride! The cushion on my nav station seat keeps sliding under the desk everytime a big wave comes. Its making writing this a little difficult, typing a few sentences in between sliding under the desk.... I'll have to rig up something to hold it in place.I was informed by a friend the other day that its spring break, so I decided that its about time I pulled out the school books. That lasted for a good half hour, then I decided that I shouldn't over do it on the first day, climbed into all my foul weather gear and spent the next few hours up on deck. I love being outside weather its flat clam or rough. Its my favorite thing to do whether I'm working on something out there or just sitting on deck watching water rush under Wild Eyes. Even on the worst of days, when you're not feeling so great about being in the middle of the ocean all by your self, there is something about being up on deck that makes any sad or lonely thoughts disappear almost immediately.Yesterday I went out to try and get some good pictures for the blog. I ended up spending a good hour out there, getting soaked, and not getting one picture that showed what its really like out here right now. Pictures are great and do show what things are like out here better than I could ever describe them, but they still don't seem show it as it really is.Its about 70 degrees out right now!! Better go find my jacket!""Dear Mom,I realize now that you have ruined my perception of men. Actually, let me rephrase that, I feel like like your actions have ruined my perception of men. The way I saw you interact with men, was not normal. I have come to that conclusion.You told them you loved them, you held on too tight, you cried when they left, and you cried when they were there. His name was Brian. He was Caucasian, with dark hair and dark eyes. His hair would never be combed and his frizzy hair would be in this rediculous Jerry curl. I hated him. He had a wife, and two kids and you had no problem with that. The drugs had to have played a huge part in those decisions, because a normal person would not have made such rash decisions.His face was pale and stubbly. His chin was very ugly and his cheekbones were high for a man. He was nothing but skin and bones. He drove a Volkswagen. At first, I like him and his family. His wife's name was Lalani. She was a big woman. Her kids were so cute. She hated Brian for his drugs, and his drinking. I hated Brian for his drugs, for treating my mom disgusting and for his pedophile friend. That relationship made me sick. I walked down stairs one day and saw you having sex with him. It was so gross, I didn't know you guys were sexual, you were friends with his wife for god sake. I remember when she came over and put a knife in your face and I thought she was going to kill you, but she didn't. You were really upset when he followed her back to their old apartment and kissed his kids goodnight. You cried and when he came back, you cried in his arms, while he soothed you with his fake excuses and his gross touch. When I went with him to go get coffee for you one morning when we were living in that prostitute motel he took your coffee and dropped little things in it, and I had no idea what was going on. Later that day, you and him sat down and did whippits. I tried to drown out the loud noise that was coming from that stupid ass metal thing. The room was tiny and you had sex in the same room as me with him. When you guys argued, the cops came and dragged you out naked. It was embarrassing. They let me stay with him. How nice of them right? NOT. I can't believe that your most influential relationship only last a few months. I remember it like it was yesterday, and I see myself in you all the time when it comes to relationships. It's hard to comprehend. I don't ever want to be in a relationship, I feel to young and restless. This I believe is directly from you.Love Winona. ""The dogs have been in and out all morning, but for the most part are playing indoors as we all watch the snow falling - pretty, like falling snow should be.We still don't have much furniture in our living/dining room, which makes it a fun playroom with its slick wood laminate floor. They all love tossing and running after their balls.Every once in awhile I have to get up and help retrieve a ball that has rolled under the computer desk or behind the oak dining chairs against the wall, in line to be repaired. The last time I was assisting Chelsea and Harley over in the far corner, I picked up the folded vinyl tablecloth that had been knocked off a box, and then gathered up the gauzy curtains that had slithered off a chair. ""Sorry, babies, I don't see your ball anywhere down here,"" I sympathized, and started back across the room to my desk. On one of the futon chairs in front of the TV table lay Frankie, relaxing for a change and calmly watching the other dogs as they searched high and low. He rested his chin on one big front paw, stretching the other paw out beside him, guarding not one, but two small rubber balls. We made eye contact as I passed by, and the sparkle of amusement was unmistakable.That boy!""so this is my first blog and i have no clue how or where to begin so i am going to just start typing. right now i am currently sitting at home by myself. (boyfriend is working today at the golf course, he is a golf pro assistant at a near by country club) he pretty much stays busy allll day during the summer where today they have a mens tournament. so i was sitting here thinking about starting to blog. my best friend ashely gave me the idea of blogging as where she blogs frequently due to her being a stay at home mom she has time on her hands (not that much because she is raising a 1 year old). (she is not in the picture above). In the picture above is actually one good good friend of mine that i work with in the emergencey department as a registered nurse named Laura. I threw her a bachlorette party last saturday at a local bar in downtown roanoke. we had tons of cutsey gifts, dinner, and a cake. about 15 girls showed up and we all had a great time celebrating lauras wedding in a few weeks (they are going on a cruise to get married.we danced all night long until about 2am:):) (late late night lemme tell ya).""Last night there was a death in my family, my Nana's husband Ted.  We weren't close...  Nana and I aren't particularly close- we're too much alike, and they were the kind of couple who are maybe so close to each other that there just isn't much room for anyone else.  Ted was loud, overbearing, a know-it-all, bellowing stories and pontifications for anyone who would listen (you could hardly help it), and perhaps most annoyingly, he was prone to correcting pronunciations, vehemently and incorrectly- he had the accent of a New York Taxi driver.  He was very white...  The kind of well intentioned whiteness that admires and borrows from other cultures as an homage, but can make it feel more like a souvenir, if you know what I mean...  But Ted was also genuinely interested in the world and foreign cultures, in people...  He absorbed it with delight, and he shared it.  He and Nana traveled the world together.  They saw the Aurora Borealis together!  They kept the local Children's Theater going for years!  They were co-chair people of their little chapter of the AARP for so long that when they had to resign, it was like they were abandoning their personal garden club.    As I said, they were the kind of couple that left little room for anyone else.  That's it's own kind of wonderful, I think. He was a loud, bossy sumbitch, but I never, ever doubted the goodness of his heart, and I'm sorry to see him go.  But I'm glad he was able to go gently.  ""Way back in late 2006, when the social Web was just starting and Twitter was but a mere messaging Web site, along MyBlogLog, which gave us the concept of a social Web profile  and creating a community around your Web site.The idea was a good one, and oh so exploitable by some unseemly social media marketers. And I think one of the better ideas to be popularized by MBL was the idea of the embeddable Web site widget featuring recent MBL visitors to your blog (see lower right hand side of cleverhack for the visitor widget).Not that long after MBL arrived on the scene, they were acquired by Yahoo and their founders moved from New England to California. Unfortunately, Yahoo didn¡¯t treat MBL all that well and never really improved the service or the MBL UI for that matter. The fact that MBL wasn¡¯t really that integrated with Yahoo didn¡¯t help matters much. And but three years later, we hear that Yahoo will kill MyBlogLog next month.MyBlogLog - a great idea a little ahead of it¡¯s time and never fully developed into a friendly usable product. I¡¯ll be pouring out a 40 for one of the early pioneers of the social Web. ""My birthday seemed to forever continue this year. . . but now things seem to once again be settling down a bit. Thanks to everyone for the calls, the texts, the facebook messages, and the presents. It has been a great week!On Tuesday night, a group of girls I know through church took me to Red Robin for dinner- YUM! One of my favorite places ever!On Wednesday, my actual birthday, Mom and Dad had cookies delivered to my school (another YUM). The kids loved it!That night, my friend Nephi took me to dinner at PF Changs, then on Thursday, my friend Michael took me bowling and to TGI Fridays. (No pictures :( On Saturday, for my actual present, Nephi got me tickets to the Travis Tritt concert down at Stateline. Upon taking our first picture, he discovered that the recent scratch on his face was noticeable on the picture which he did not like, so we had to take a new one. :-P"" I dream of a family too, but I am not going to sit still and make myself less than who God has made me in order to be acceptable. In my own mind, my future goals are simple. I want to go back to Macau- a small place with an incredible amount of life, culture and worlds packed on top of each other. I want to work with local Christians to start a ""L'Abri"" type center for kids at risk, providing counseling, skill training in English and jobs, music and art classes and eventually a live-in center for kids who don't fit in the normal education system. I want to show them that this life is real, the decisions they make are real; that there is more to this life than money. I want to show them that this reality is Jesus. I want to spend my life among these people, not as a leader but as a representative of Jesus; as a friend. I want to do this not for the response that I may get but because an act of love; of incarnation is always valuable. I want to live upstairs in this center and grow flowers with my husband who does whatever job glorifies God and makes him happy and who also is committed to incarnational living. My mom will be happy to know that I do hope to give her grandchildren...someday. When I retire, I want to run a flower shop with Tina Cheong.What's special about this? I think it's just the location...or maybe it should be only the location. But being in my hometown inevitably makes me feel strange. The things that I have achieved, the friends that know me best, the goals that I have given myself to since graduating from highschool are not represented here. I would like to face something that I have always tried to ignore: I am an outsider here. Maybe if I had gone to Hart or Shelby High I would have enough warm memories of the past to tie me together with people that I grew up with. Maybe if I had learned earlier that spirituality has a lot to do with laughter I would have made bridges with friends from highschool. I spoke too much truth without dancing; made goals without warmth.  People here have always been good to me, but sometimes I wonder if that is because they like me or because they are trying to do the ""right"" thing. It is an interesting cycle that many people my age left Hart for a while only to return when they married and had families. This is a good place for stable people. Maybe I am not stable enough yet. I am too idealistic. I am too passionate. If I care about something I can't laugh it off. Perhaps I am perceived as a ballastic missile fallen in a farmer's field. Mabye if I was a guy my gifts would make more sense to people here. Maybe I think too much. I am a white person who sometimes thinks in Chinese, I am an evangelical Christian who is not Republican. I believe in committment and loyalty but I have moved at least 8 times in 5 years. The problem is that I care too much. I don't think I will ever be able to give up trying, and I can't just say the way I think is my neurosis and move on. I can't turn my back on this place because I don't think that is the right thing to do. I am not someone who doesn't care how many people dislike them. I am an idealist. I think things can always be better. People can always change. A crippled relationship is better than a cut-off relationship because there is still chance for improvement. But this also means that there might be infection and no healing.Is this idealism or addiction?""Today I feel like I have a lot of time on my hands, even though I am watching one more child today for a total of 3 under 3, not so bad they are all mostly good as long as they are fed and rested that is.So why is it that I feel bored? I cleaned the house yesterday...so not much to do there...I did laundry on Tuesday and Wednesday so only one load today...oh wait there is clothes to put away in the boys's room (dang). Maybe I am bored because I am procrastination making more cotton cloths and dryer balls? Well I don't want to get too crazy with those, if I don't sell more pretty soon I am going to have a laundry room full of balls...at least my clothes will get dry in a jiffy!So...I decided this morning that I would make a good dinner, you know the works, home made bread, salad, sides and main dish...well since then I've made a couple crocheted cloths, 3 facial cloths, 2 dryer balls...I've even watched some TV (which I hardly ever do!) I guess I really don't want to make dinner. I just don't know what to make. It seems like I make the same thing over and over again, stuck in a rut. I've looked for other things to make but they all seem like the same thing... tweaked a bit. Hmmm...I think I'll go crochet some more and worry about the food later...Happy afternoon everyone!"My name is Lala Ema. I¡¯m French with Malagasy origins. I was born and raised in Aix-en-Provence then lived in Paris until I moved to the south of Granada in Andalucia (Spain). I love this city and although I sometimes miss the buzz of the city life and my dear old Paris, my heart is taken for ever by Andalucia and my Spanish boyfriend.I'm a designer and recently started an activity as a wedding planner in Granada."A waiter-sommelier appeared to allow us to consider our tea choices, elucidating each one with well-rehearsed morsels of syntax, designed to tantalise and tempt. Having tremulously made our choices after parsing his foreign syllables with difficulty, we sat quietly and waited for something to happen.With a few minutes we were poured our tea in china teacups and we began to feel infinitely more relaxed; quite a few people in the neighbouring tables were Just Like Us and the only silver spoon to be found was jostling in the saucer with the teacup, and certainly not in one of the patrons' mouths.In a rather ungenteel manner, we demolished the sandwiches as soon as they arrived, so sadly there are no pictures of our delicious tidbits-crusts-cut-off-thank-you-very-much. Our favourite was the smoked salmon and wasabi, delicious with a waspish sting. Next came the pastries expertly arranged on a tiered stand by a wind-up toy of a waiter who'd clearly served over-excited childish adults with chocolate smeared around their mouths before....And so mindful were we of that tiny silver spoon and how one must stir their tea gently so as not to chink the sides of one's cup. And to expertly steer conversation clear of politics or money, and to keep said conversation no louder than the chink of the china we were eating from.""I arrived in Israel exactly a week ago and haven't been able to find enough time to sit at a computer or upload my photos. I spent my first two days with family (grandparents, uncles aunts and cousins) in Tel Aviv. Then I went off on a 2 day seminar in Jerusalem to prepare for my internship. All in all, those 2 days were mostly spent on touring Jerusalem and the old city. I felt like being on Birthright-Taglit again. A group of about 40 people from all over the world gathered to prepare for their next 2 months in Israel by learning about political issues, examining cultural differences, and learning about the Israeli workplace. We toured Jerusalem in the old city and City of David. Jerusalem used to be completely religious. Today it is a mix of everything, but still keeping it's religious history, and marking it's name as the ""holy city"" for many religions. It's divided into four sections of Jews, Muslims, Christians, and Armenians. I spent time on Ben-Yehuda street, a touristy spot with lots of restaurants, shops, and local music. The next day I went to the Western Wall (for the millionth time). We happened to go on a Thursday when lots of Bar-Mitzvahs were going on so it was very busy. It is common to write a note with a prayer or a wish and place it inside the blocks of the kotel (the Western Wall). Every time I go there I get annoyed that the wall is separated by men and women, yet he women's side is about half the size of the men's. I also tend to forget about small traditions in the kotel such as walking backwards as you leave the wall so you can face god.""Well, It's Monday and I'M NOT AT WORK. Because I'm 24 and still observe spring break. No, I'm out of school. But that's just how I roll. Yesterday was one of my favorite obscure holidays: Pi Day; second only to National Talk Like a Pirate Day.I'm about to clean out 6 boxes of old items from my past. I'm sure it will be thought provoking. Thoughts mainly like ""what the hell was I thinking on that??"" ""When/WHY did I ever wear that??"" Hindsight is 20/20. I wish foresight was. There is probably more to come on this particular topic. This will probably be a day with two postings. But foresight is not 20/20. It is not even a real word. So stay tuned. I know you are on the edge of your seat regarding the question of the day: What do the boxes in my mom's den contain from my glorious high school days??""Recently, I had a conversation with someone about what I'm doing with my life. They said to me, ""You know Rebekah, you've never gotten over the 'when I grow up' mentality. Just do something radical."" I looked at them questioningly, thinking to myself, Yeah, easier said than done.But then I got to thinking. I've been mulling over this statement ""just do something radical"" for over a week now. And last night, something popped into my head that made me stop, and contemplate. What if doing something radical with my life doesn't necessarily mean doing something that's going to change the course of history, or the ways of a culture? What if, in my life, doing something radical simply means to do something with my life I've never thought I was capable of before? What if I'm not meant to change the world, but simply to change my own world, the world I can immediately impact? Does doing something radical have to be a huge gesture that hundreds or thousands will notice, or can it simply be something small, something many other people give no thought to, but something that is a huge step to me?What if doing something radical means to fulfill the plan God has for me, however simple it may be, even if it's not glamorous or impressive?""Every Valentine's Day I am alone.  Alone.Yeah, let that sink in. Feel the weight of it....Now that you sufficiently feel bad for me, and want to lavish me with words of adoration, dozens of roses, and diamonds (they are a girl's best friend), I will ask you to hold all tokens of affection because I already have more than a gal could ever ask..... I have you. Yes, You. I have all of you wonderful readers and people to read. You allow me into your minds and your hearts; soooo many interesting places. I also have me. Me is pretty awesome, so why should I bemoan this wretched day? I know, it's insanity.... I'm far too amazing to spend hating one day of the year. So, I decided that this year, I am my own Valentine and I have also picked from some of the awesomeness on here to be my Valentine's as well. Strictly singles though. Yes, I do <3 many on here who are married, but this one day of the year married already have what we single are possibly searching for, so I must withhold my love for this single day. Forgive me marries. Tomorrow if the weather permits, and I pray it does, I'll be getting two more tattoos as my Valentine's/100 lbs lost gift to myself. And, my suggestion is that all of us do something nice for ourselves. We deserve it.Now on to my Valentine's. A collection of awesomeness that defies the laws of gravity, or is that the laws of attraction? Either way, go to these people and shower them with the love and worship they deserve.""This beautiful, bright, bold woman needs little introductionMs Marissa is one of the most amazing women that I have had the pleasure of meeting on MySpace.I can't even imagine how many hours we've spent shooting the shit in my box at all hours of the day and night.Jessie and I were talking today about how much we love Rissa. Jessie suggested that we all get together to show her how much she means to us all!""Following the death of the world's last Bo speaker (picture courtesy of BBC News) at the start of the month, the blogosphere was inundated with comments, questions and arguments about the importance of minority languages. To my dismay, a lot of people (many of whom seemed to hail from deepest inland US of A) seemed to think that language is nothing more than a method of communication. That the fewer languages the better. That, seeing as language is nothing more than a form of communication, why can't everybody just speak English?As a linguist (albeit a poor one) I was saddened by these sorts of views. To reduce  language to the mere some of its parts, to a collection of words used to indicate something is to discount the awesome development of humankind. At the basest level of argument, language is what differentiates us from animals. At the highest, according to Jean-Jacques (not Henri) Rousseau, from its first moments of existence language has been the downfall of humanity from a pure and natural state and has a lot to bloody well answer for."Ok, so I am not really creative. In the writing sense. Currently I have been puzzled with an assignment for my Intro to Theater. The project is to write a final scene. RIGHT... Well, I have a thought, that is I am DEAD. Not really. I have been thinking about this assignment for a while now, and I think I have finally figured it out. I am now in the process of thinking. =) My thought is to write a very simple story line. The setting is a coffee shop. You have two friends who haven't seen each other in four years. While they are talking they become distracted with all of these different costumers in the coffee shop... and that is as far as I have made it. I only have until Monday to write this fine piece of art. For it is due on Tuesday!!! I am in search of my creative self! "Each morning, I pack up all my stuff for work and leave it by the door, before heading out for a little walk with the puppy. Then I can come home and just grab my stuff, change my shoes (which have also been left by the door), and head out! I'm a girl that tries to get as much sleep as possible, therefore, little morning time is wasted from my wake up, til me being out that door. Today the puppy was antsy, or I dont know, maybe I was antsy, so we skipped pack up time, and headed out on our walk a little prior to schedule. Then when I got home, I had to run around like a crazy girl trying to get myself out the door by my usual time. About half way through my 20-25 minute trek to work I was chatting on the phone, and I looked down to my feet. And this is what I saw. . .Totally forgot to change my shoes!! Agh!! Can I BE wearing a more unprofessional pair of shoes??Risk it and head to walmart hoping to find a decent pair of black shoes that I could pass off for the day? Or just head home now and be a few minutes tardy to work? I decided to head home. . . what if Walmart didn't have ANYTHING? Then I would have wasted valuable time and still had to have gone home!Luckily, I usually try to do more of my planning stuff before school rather than after, so I am typically an early arriver. That meant that with today's little catastrophe, I was only a couple of minutes late. PHEW! Better that then be walking around in complete humiliation with pink fuzzy crocs on my feet all day long!Can't WAIT til I am living closer to work!""i'm incredibly lonely, go figure.the past year i've spent with you my one and only, fuck. you're still my one and only. so many empty promises left unkept, i don't know how to react.i'm so unstable, every other minute i'm biting my lip trying to hold back tears. everything doesn't seem to be getting better like everyone's promised.i'm spending christmas alone. i'm spending my mornings, afternoons, and nights alone. i crave being held, i crave being loved. i crave being the first priority, the first one thought about, the only one wanted.always second best, seems that's all i will ever be.i drift through, day by day. trying to see a point in getting ready and standing up for the day. i don't see me having a future, it seems like there's some mental block keeping me from looking forward.why is it, that no matter who i get close to, there will always be someone better, and more worthy of they're time, energy, and thoughts? am i really just worth that little, that not one person would put me as first?'no, it's sarah. it's okay to shove her aside. she'll still be around. i can't say no to the other person, because if i do they'll walk away. but sarah, she'll never leave no matter what i do.'people know i'll stick around no matter how i'm treated, everybody tells me that. they tell me they don't mean for me to end up as their punching bag, but that they need to let it out somehow, and that they know i'll be around regardless. and that i'm 'strong enough' to take it. it rips me apart. maybe i just care more than they do.maybe i'm just not strong enough to walk away. ""A couple of weeks ago, I had what can only be described as a serendipitous beauty moment; a happy accident predicated upon both my own chronic forgetfulness and sore, sea-whipped lips caused by an hour or two on the British coastline. Generally speaking, I like to leave the house looking as put-together as I can be: my clothes are ironed and donned following at least half an hour of indecisive dithering (more if I'm having a fat day); my hair is suitably coiffed and fluffed; my liquid eyeliner is flicked and even and there's often a lash of scarlet across my lips.Although my morning routine may seem lengthy and labour-intensive, I count myself as a lazy girl when it comes to beauty: I never under any circumstances powder my nose, touch up my eyes or trowel anything else onto my face, except for my lips. I make the extra effort in the morning and it makes me feel good about myself; I bounce and strut out of the house, confident in the knowledge that all I need in my makeup bag I carry with me is a lipstick and a lip balm. Sometimes there's a gloss, but I'm fickle about those.So on one particularly inauspicious day, I was sitting on the train bopping to... oh, I don't know... David Bowie or something, and then, as the train chugged its dull way out of the station, I realised I'd forgotten my precious makeup bag. I had no lipstick, no back-up lipstick; not even a smidge of Carmex.Being the sensitive sort about the relative pallor of my lips without their swipe of lovely red, I hastened to Superdrug to find something to salvage my now sea-sore lips that had a little bit of colour.Maybelline left me cold; all the 'do-able' shades were either sold or tampered with, and it was the same with Bourjois. I live in a town where grubby hands like to paw at the cosmetic displays, it seems. Resigning myself to buying a very cheap and nasty lipgloss from a brand whose name I can't even remember, I wandered past the Sleek display (yes, this post does have a point) and stopped because something caught my eye: the Sleek Pout Polish.""the job entails responsibility, sacrifice and phenomenal communication skills. Being a leader comes in handy from life's smallest events, from organizing playground games in elementary school, to grand events when you're older. Some people are natural leaders, some are quiet, wise leaders, some are charismatic and others have the ability to persuade and lead people. However, these characteristics aside, I think what sets apart a good leader from a great one is vision. ""Heads up all my lovelies... I have made a slight change to the setting of my blog - before your comments are posted I will be reviewing them.  In the last couple of weeks I have received some odd, random and illegible comments.  No offense to anyone, but I don't want links to questionable sites showing up mixed in with all my lovely comments from friends, followers and legitimate visitors.  I don't mind people expressing their opinions about my writing - I love the dialog... but when those who are obviously phishing for their sites leave bogus comments, I just get plain pissed off.I spent time with my little art buddies this afternoon - they just have so much fun.  I showed them how to make silhouettes by cutting out this model from a catalog and painting around her.  Then she got passed around and ended up in three journals - they thought it was soooo coooool!!  ""Friends hereabouts are starting to email out pictures of their 2010 crop of foals.  That's Miniature horse foals.  Most of the pictures show the newborn in the arms of their new owners (the owners standing, holding the foals like newborn puppies.) Since a Miniature horse foal is about twenty pounds and seventeen inches tall or so.Miniature horses don't know they're little, just as Chihuahuas don't know they're no bigger than the squirrels they chase. My main man, a stallion named Fyr, is a wild and fierce as a Montana mustang, and he's a whopping thirty inches tall, full grown. We're coming into another Spring breeding season, and as the mares start to think about being receptive, Fyr snorts and prances and is READY to do battle with anything or anyone that gets between him and the loves of his life.I have another stallion, Talisman. One day, unthinking me, left the wrong gate open, and both stallions jump-started out into the main psture. All those 'wimmin' and two stallions; and the war was one. Screaming in rage, rearing pawing the dirt, twisting their heads in that way stallions have, and shouting obscenities at each other. They dug in like two drivers about to play ""chicken"" and charged.It was a wild battle. The mares looked and gathered close (no doubt gossiping about which 'hunk' appealed to them most.) The stallions screamed and lashed out at each other, and bit and tumbled and, it was most ferocious. Dirt flew, bits of horse hair were spat out, the barn cats raced to higher ground, the barn roof, to watch.I finally decided I had to brave the flying hooves and lunging teeth, waded in and grabbed each halter. ""Knock it off, you guys."" It was like breaking up a battle between two four year old kids.I got them separated and put back where each belonged. There they were, safely in their own paddocks again. Pacing the fence, screaming at each other, ""wait 'till next time, dude.""The mares wandered away, probably disappointed.""I always pictured life like the movies. But i have realized that movies are not the source. They are unrealistic and dreamable. I wish that life were like the movies because there is always a happy ending! (sometimes). All the best movies are the ones that are realistic like Juno and all the ones that are based on true storys. heheI believe that life can be like movies. It's rare but it can be the same.Waiting with AngelaJust siting here waiting for my tutor to come. today is a short day in school and My tutor doesn't know that. So i have to wait another 10 minutes for his arrival. hehe. I had tutoring with him with just me but now Angela is joining in. Shes in Geometry im in algebra. I know. How is that gonna work out? Well i guess he can multi task. Thats good. Because now i have more time to do problems without half pressure.""And all I can say is Thank You, Thank You!!!  We thought we were looking at having another surgical procedure yesterday, so the boy got doped up before we saw the surgeon and he said ""Nope, let's just wait a bit longer and see what happens.  It's healing so nicely I just don't want to cut him again""  Relief all around!!  So, we came home and set up his new computer, cleaned his room, I cleaned mine, sprayed bleach all over the tub - again, and I finally got all the laundry caught up.I was standing over him as he was doing something on the computer and he looked up at me and I said ""Do you know how much I love you?""  and he said ""A lot, I know Mom.  I love you too.""This month's Tip-In Swap on BAJ was about Love - what kind of love makes your heart go all warm and fuzzy.  Mine is about Mother Love and it will go out in the mail tomorrow to Stacy  Here is what it looks like...This is the story behind it is - I was at an estate sale a few weeks back and I saw this lonely little, beat up quilt hanging over the railing in the attic.  I picked it up and thought how sweet - it had little Sun Bonnet Sue's all over.  It was only $1 and I was debating - do I really need another thing to add to my collection of ""junk""?  This woman was watching me and she said ""That was well loved, wasn't it?""  I agreed and that was it - it came home with me.  As I was paying I saw this old office name plate for a desk, with the name of the woman who's things they were selling.  Turns out she is a lady who once attended my church.  She is now in an assisted-living home as she is almost ninety and very frail.  Next time I see her daughter I will let her know that I bought the quilt that was most likely hers and I am including it in my art - so it will live on in a variety of ways :-))All for today my lovelies...""Well, first up, HELLO WORLD! haha!I never thought i would be one of those people to ""blog"", but here I am and it will mostly be about the goings-on in my television career here in the United States.I will be posting links, videos, photos and try to reach as many people as possibly, for I am a woman on a mission: To host the brand new X Factor that will be airing on Fox in the fall of 2011. Simon Cowell is leaving American Idol this year, and will be bringing the new generation talent-show juggernaut that is X Factor, to the US!I know it is over a year away, but that gives me more time to create and spread as MUCH hype as possibly, because isn't that what this little world wide web is for?!Make sure to check out my myspace and you can see some of the awesome TV work I have been lucky enough to be involved in, as well as a few videos: www.myspace.com/ashakworkCiao for now my lovelies! I don't know who you are, but thank you for visiting my page. Spread the love!""hello world of bloggers!this blog will bring to you my adventures with photography : ) photography has truly opened my eyes to the beauty in this world. and i live to capture this. everything and everyone on this earth inspires me, there is so much inspiration in every part of life, and i strive for everyone to see how amazing life really is.a little about me; australia is my home. but new zealand really amazes me. i'm going to escape to new zealand with my brother sometime in the future, the prospect of visiting so many stunning landscapes is exciting!! eighteen years young and luckily twins with one of the loveliest men anyone could ever meet :)so.. i hope you enjoy viewing my passion for capturing life through photography as much as i love taking them. ""Welcome to my review of the above product. I hope this helps someone out there. First of all, this product's name is way too long. However, in its defense, it is in no way a marketing ploy and is pretty spot-on about what it does. For example, a ""spot corrector"" could be a great concealer, a pimple buster, a bleaching agent, some to remove unsightly blood stains with, a dog-killing agent (but only for dogs names ""spot"") etc. But no, this product is an Overnight Whitening Peeling Cream.""Are there levels of disappointment? Sometimes people just generally fail to live up to your expectations. And sometimes, betray, lies and disappoint, I know. But what about the time when there is no coming back from it? Like all the trust, respect and love you had for the person looks so minute and meagre when weighed against the disappointment? Can you ever get over it? 'To forgive is divine' they say. But can there be a time when it's not in your capacity to forgive anymore? What if I have to shut things/people out in order to grow, in order to shun something I've been so used to, because it's doing nothing but sucking the life out of you?Sigh. I hate change. How do I get over something I've been so used to? Somehow I had made peace with the regular disappointments. But there is a line you just don't cross, right? You have to stop letting yourself be used and stop throwing yourself out there somehow, no matter how strong it needs you to be. Argh. I need strength. Anyone selling any?""I have come to realise that Americans, or at least all the college students where I live, will find any reason in the world to get drunk. From football games to award shows...we have even know taken it to the new level of using other country's traditions in holidays to have a reason to ""get crunk."" this came to my attention really clearly the past few days...1) while listening to the radio on the way to work each morning, I have heard an advertisement for Universal Studios, and many other places, mardi gras parties....before feb 17 (ash wednesday, the day lent begins) I was like ""ah tight yeah that could be fun!"" now, one month past ash wednesday i am thinking...WHAT THE HECK. a quick explanation to the world mardi gras is french for ""fat tuesday"" it was a tradition the french began to binge on their last day of freedom before lent begins...not the tuesday and monday before, not the weekend before and the monday and the tuesday... just the tuesday hence it only naming tuesday....it's whatever if as americans we feel the need to have it start a little early because really who can afford to party on the tuesday with work/school. but having mardi gras celebrations a month after is a bit too tacky for me.2) tomorrow is st. patricks day. i so far, since i woke up this morning have been invited to 5 st. pattys day parties....that begin TONIGHT...now dont get me wrong, i'm always down for a good irish shin dig (seeing as i am 50% irish 50% scottish)...but preferably i'd life to party on the day the party is supposed to be held. all this ""lets go get drunk to go get banded tonight so we can get drunk tomorrow"" is WAY beyond me...and just so the world knows, st. particks day began as a feast (not drinking binge) to celebrate st. patrick the patroned saint of ireland....so its a christian holiday that has obviously become secularized.so americans....lets come out of the closet...admit you are all alcoholics or budding alcoholics or wanna be alcoholics....instead of ruining other countries traditions..i'm not sayin, but im just sayin.. ""Well things are going very well here with my sis! I am VERY Pleasantly SURPRISED!! Bobbi is trying so hard and is really getting out there and is making some AWESOME progress! I have thought of encouraging her to start a blog for it is a Great way to ""Let Go"" I have had such WONDERFUL Support from all of You I thought You may be able to help her as well!! I am LOVING Having her around this time!! She is such a HUGE Help!! She is actually the best roomie I have ever had!! LOL Every morning we do our affirmations together as well as meditations. I got her hooked up with a WONDERFUL counselor! She will be getting help in this way for the FIRST Time EVER!!! Can You believe that!? She has NEVER Been to counseling before!!! I am SHOCKED That they didn't provide her with a counselor after she was raped by the Jail guard in Thurston County Jail in Washington!! HOLY CRAP!! No wonder she kept getting into trouble!! Well I am grateful that she is getting the help she needs and WANTS! I see Great things in her future! We have decided that She will defiantly be on my Show!! That is if the judge allows it!! I see it as her ONLY Hope!! Since our country cant figure out how to care for its people properly!! Grrrrr! I have been trying to get her some health insurance so we can find out why she is having seizures! And so far she is NOT eligible!! WTF! is wrong with this country??? She WANTS To go to treatment and No insurance!!! HELLO OBAMA!! Start acting like you care about us like ALL of the other countries do!!!Thank You all For your prayers!! There working! ~~HUGS~~""I was blessed with two children with two very different personalities. La, who my oldest, is sweet, sensitive, high maintenance, and bursting with energy (ALL the time). KiKi, the younger one is laid back, kind, pensive, and very generous. The both have qualities that I love in small children. They are not perfect either. Sometimes they have me so frustrated that I want to pull my hair out in clumps. There are also moments that I have, like today, where my heart wants to burst of my chest with the amount of pride I feel for my child. This morning I was dropping of KiKi at her nursery school on my way to church. The teacher was in the class buzzing about, greeting children, diffusing the small problems that each child had. Normal morning there. Then she stopped, turned to me and said ""I just want to let you know what a joy it is to have KiKi in class. She is such a sweet child. She is so laid back and she shares with everyone. I just wanted you to know that.""It is just so nice to hear someone say that about your child. This afternoon I have LaLa's parent consultation. Let's hope I get that feeling twice in one day. Cross your fingers, toes and touch wood.""So I had another odd dream.....I enter some unknown town and am waiting in line with my mom.  This kid says to me ""what are you doing here?""  Then I look up and my brother also says ""aren't you banned from here?""My mom responds saying ""She's invited by me so she has permission to be here""I turn and see my step dad coming down the escalator and I kiss my mom on her cheek and say ""thanks, but I'll be right back""As my step dad turns to me I go out the door and into my car as the rest of his party begins to chit chat w/him.For the first time my mom defends me, it's in a dream.  How likely.This is a good story and is true, please read it all the way through until the end!I am a mother of three (ages 14, 12, 3) and have recently completed my college degree.The last class I had to take was Sociology.The teacher was absolutely inspiring with the qualities that I wish every human being had been graced with.Her last project of the term was called, 'Smile.'The class was asked to go out and smile at three people and document their reactions.I am a very friendly person and always smile at everyone and say hello anyway. So, I thought this would be a piece of cake,literally. """"I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life in which he has imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.  He will put some things behind, will pass an invisible boundary; new, universal, and more liberal laws will begin to establish themselves around and within him; or the old laws be expanded, and interpreted in his favor in a more liberal sense, and he will live with the license of a higer order of beings.  In proportion as he simplifies his life, the laws of the universe will appear less complex, and solitude will not be solitude, nor poverty poverty, nor weakness weakness.  If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.""Hello, dear blog, you must be feeling lonely.  I have been in this place between working like a dog and worrying like my mother.  It's a very uncomfortable place, leaving little room for words or tranquil thoughts.   Working has been good in a sense - people are having babies again, which directly correlates with my paycheck.  And worrying has been related to our accepted offer on a house.  It's a good thing, really.  Right?  Oh the unanswered questions.But I have had other thoughts admist the work and worry.  I've had a few very hippy, grass-roots, patients that I spent hours conversing with over the last few days.  My patient last night talked with me about life without television or news, just novels and music, and how empowering it is.  My coworkers of course laughed at her - but I was secretely inspired.  I love to read, and lord knows I would read and write more if there wasn't a tv constantly blaring.  Oh how I miss writing.  I used to write like my life depended on it.  I remember being eighteen years old & the incredibly close relationship I had with my creative writing & poetry teacher - she enscribed 'Never stop writing - it will kill you' on my notebook the last day of class.  And I do feel a bit empty in a sense.  I started this blog to write, yet the inspiration wasn't there. So, a big thank you to my patient, Tori Amos (my current nostalgic as ever playlist), and miss Emily B.  I have been reminded of inspiration.  I will take the time to read more novels and turn off that idiot box of mine (baby steps, of course).  I will remember what is real and important, and I will write.""I began this new decade with a three day cleansing fast of just water and tea. I used to fast regularly and was always amazed at how full I could feel from being empty.I used to suffer from immobilizing panic attacks. In retrospect, most of them were due to alcohol and/or xanax withdrawal, both of which I abused for most of my life, but I still sometimes get them. I haven't had one panic attack in three weeks, in spite of some heavy duty real life challenges.I think it is because the fast, as short as it was, put things in perspective. On the second day I was miserable and my ego was screaming at me to stop it.""One of the problems (admittedly, a lesser one) about being alone is that there is no one to vouch for you when you claim that every single time you get in a check-out line the person ahead of you runs into some sort of major glitch. It's still true, but I've got no back-up. Kyle never ever got into the same checkout line as I did. And generally, by the time I got out of the store, he'd have the truck warmed up and waiting for me at the exit. Now, where was I setting off to go?Oh right. 1958. I know, most of you weren't born, but that means you certainly didn't have Mrs. Banks for home room, and that's a good thing. Mrs Banks was a huge bitch. Reminiscent of someone I met here on MySpace.At any rate, that year someone new transferred to my junior high, and we quickly became friends. Her family lived in an great old antebellum house with interesting nuances like a back stairway for servants (and used by the youngest child in family when I knew them), and a button under the dining room table to step on to call the maid...of course no one appeared, but it was a neat idea.My favourite part, though, was the fact that the front hallway telephone could be taken into the coat closet through a hole in the wall. Making it possible to talk while IN the closet. How avant guarde was that? Seemed like the height of telephone sophistication to us.This morning my SKYPE ""phone"" rang, and there was my old friend, looking slightly rumpled in her bathrobe. She said, ""I can't see you. Can you see me?"" I said yes, but I'm not yet ready for early morning video calls. Maybe in another 52 years."OK.. So I came down to flordia to finially meet Nikki Wodrich who I have been talking online for 6 years. I came down here to hang out with her and and girlfriend Tina. So I get here and I end up sitting at there "daughter" Roo's girlfriends house the whole week. Next week I spend more time with Nikki's daughter then her. Nikki, promised sooo many times we'd go out and do things. And she lied every single time.. Some excuse after another came up. I had her pictured as this completely different person. She lies about everything. She even mooches off her own daughter and her daughter's girlfriend. To the point that her own daughter can't stand living with her. Nikki and Tina are getting kicked out because Roo and her girlfriend can't stand there asses anymore. They don't pay their bills haven¡¯t paid rent since January. She's a lazy bitch that won't get off her fat ass and get a job. As for tina that bitches barely works. Don¡¯t pay bills.. I just can't believe I wasted my time and money on these cuts. Seriously, this trip was one of the biggest mistakes of my life. I really wish I would have not ever started talking with nikki since the last time she became two-faced. Funny, how everyone that told me shit about her came true. She's selfish, Only cares about herself. Shit she proved that when she was bragging about cheating on tina. I thought that was kinda funny.. and yet she had the balls to tell me that tina was on a two week probation and that she doesn¡¯t want to be with her anymore.. She only keeps tina around because tina FINALLY has a car and job. Which nikki had neither. She¡¯s mooching off everyone she knows. It¡¯s pretty fucking sad... she really needs to grow the fuck up. I just seriously can't believe that every single person I talked to about nikki told me the truth. After 6 years you think you know a person. Nope, I was wrong. Sad thing is that I started to see all this the 2nd day I was here. But, that¡¯s okay. She¡¯s no longer my friend. I don't want anything to do with these bitches ever again. as far as I am concerned they can fall off the face of the earth. I hope tina's car breaks down...I really believe they blew me off because I don't start drama, and I don't make nikki cheat on tina. That¡¯s funny but whatever. Fuck it. No sweat off my nuts.. I hate this bitch... just goes to show don¡¯t trust anyone who don't know."To take another pill, or to sleep?It reminds me of all those extremely stressful moments, when I have to solve the last question of the last problem in a math test with only ten more minutes left. That's the exact moment testing what kind of person you choose to be. Whether hold on the faith to work it out and make yourself outstanding, or give in with the long-lasting regret and admit you're no more than ordinary. I believe it is the experience of sticking to the belief for oneself and walking through the breathtaking moments that make a person into a much stronger one. Even if s/he fail in the end. And a lifelong self-confidence was also established in such a cruel way. So please hold on one more time and work it out. Don't make an easier choice.""Austin is 6 months already! I can't believe how quickly he is growing up! Now I can't imagine life without him. He is such a blessing to us and we just love him so much. Here are some of the things Austin has been doing lately: -On our last day in Texas over the holidays, Austin rolled over! Now he is a rolling machine. Only he won't do it on command. -He loves to laugh and coo all the time. -He is going through a rough phase with sleeping during the night but hopefully it will pass soon. -Austin loves books and he tries to read them to me now whenever I pull them out. It's so cute! -He weighs about 18 pounds.-Does not enjoy bath time.-His new trick is spitting and he thinks it's really funny.-He is getting so good at grabbing and playing with toys.-We have started him on eating cereal. He hasn't quite got the hang of it yet.-He has been teething but no teeth have come through yet.-He loves being out and about and seeing new things.-He loves music and songs especially if they have actions to go along with them.""My mum bought me this lovely swirly mug for christmas. If I look at it in the light the colours on it are a creamy-rose and a faded green. But in the dark all these wonderful yellow stripes shine off it. I think it's a magical cup - oh and the pattern on it is very interesting. It's fun to watch out of the corner of my eye: if I look at it straight on it just seems to be a ordinary swirly cup, but when I'm not looking the spirals winding around it move and I sometimes forget it's not really spinning. Perhaps it is and I'm just not supposed to see... I think I'll buy another one if I ever see them. I'm excited now: it'll look so pretty when I'm writing and my two mugs just spin around on the table next to me. I won't fill them right up though: I'll just make my drink in one then pour half into the other. It'll mean twice the washing up but that's not so bad.We've just bought a new washing-up liquid that smells so sweet, it's like a lemon, apple, and grape tree have been bred together and this smell is their new fruit. It all works though: when I close my eyes I can pretend I'm far away from England. Sometimes I wind up in Greece, sometimes in Italy and sometimes places I've never even heard of. All these wonderful places a lot of people might never get to see. If I could I'd take everyone on holiday: but alas I'm not so rich and there are far too many people. That's why this new liquid is really lovely to use, it's almost enough to just pretend I'm somewhere else. I hope they make a new smell soon, I think the dishes prefer this one too: they seem to sparkle with happiness when I've done them. So yes, I shall buy another mug. I just hope it likes the washing up liquid as much as his partner does.My new mug swirls a lot in the water, the bubbles look like they can't stay on top of it. They keep trying to climb their way to the top but it just wipes them away again. Like when kids play in the funhouses, I remember there were these huge, cylinder rotating things and it was always a competition to see which one of us could stay on the longest. It was usually a boy with really long legs that he could wrap around the rotating thing. Everyone else would throw the coloured balls from the ball pit at him, trying to knock him off. But those balls weren't really that bad when they were threw, so he usually stayed on for a really long time, until he got tired of course, or until the bell rang for all the children with 'blue' stickers to come out because their fun time was up. But when I'm washing up, none of the bubbles can stay on the mug as long as the children in the funhouse used to. I think it's because they're so wet and slippery. Like a dolphin. I like dolphins.. no I'm lying.. I love them. No-one but me will ever understand why, and that's just how I want it to be.""I wish I could say I'm strong, but I'm not. I wish I could say I can endure this, but I can't. I wish I could continue to keep my positive ""glass is half full"" attitude, but I don't think I can. While I've learned I cannot endure this without Him, I continue to wonder, when is it going to stop? Where is my reward for bearing with this and being so patient? Then I remember there might not be one, not on this earth. But I need to embrace and accept that. That the reward I'm waiting for is in heaven, greater than any reward I could possibly hope to receive on this earth.Two of my greatest heroes are probably Betsy Ten Boom and Regina Lago. I had the honor and privilege of knowing the latter. She was beautiful in every way. God took her home a few years ago when she died from a brain tumor [pretty sure that's it...]. She was strong and faithful throughout her suffering, and in the end, her reward was going home to Christ. Same as Betsy. Even though she was put in a concentration camp, she remained unswervingly devoted to Christ, whom she knew was much greater than what she was going through.""I visited my bestbestbestest friends at Kibbutz Hazorea this weekend. Most of my girlfriends (have to emphasize the girl part) embarked on a program after high school called Garin Tzabar. In this program, they were able to make Aliyah on their own with a community of same-aged peers who want to serve in the Israeli Defense Forces. The program provides them housing, adopted families, and certain privileges that regular Israeli soldiers wouldn't be able to obtain. All of this is possible when residing on a kibbutz. A kibbutz, in the old days, used to be a socialist community where families live together, work in the same field (i.e farming, agriculture), and would get back the same necessities as everyone such as housing and food.Things have changed since those days, although a lot of main kibbutz characteristics have remained. The cows, the chicken, the food production, and the main community dining room have remained. It was really nice having dinner and breakfast with the entire community of babies, children, working adults, and elderly that all live in this town-like place which serves the same foods.""..I can't believe I am going to do this. I am doing the thing I make fun of other people for doing. I am making a good-bye MySpace blog.I know!I was just going to delete my profile without a word, but that just seemed so cold.  I can't just fade away because I can't quit you people. (of course I mean you blacks)I have fun here. I may have fake profiles, but my connections to people are as real as they are in the real world.Am I just doing this for attention? Of course!I mean it too, though.I will continue to watch over all via God Smith, (he sees all, even when you are masturbating), but I am done living my life so ""out loud"" for the world to see and I am done with this profile. When I come back, (and you know I will) it will be from a different profile.Take care of yourselves, MySpace- and each other.P.S.I do so love you miserable bastards.""Over the past week, I have done a couple of really interesting interviews for the book. Michael, an old friend of Mike's, told me about some of the Rose Tattoo days - and about an incident with Dit and Der. (They published a fanzine in the 80s.) If anyone knows their real name (or how to find them) I would love to hear about it.I also spoke with Veronica, an ex-girlfriend of Mike's. She was very open and talked with me for hours. Her recollection of their time together will make for some great stories too. The more I get into this project, the more I have come to respect the people involved. I had no idea that I would learn so much - not just about the underground scene in New Orleans, but about the power of the human spirit in all of us - no matter what we have been through. ""Upon searching through a very commonly used website, I found a quote that really stuck out today. It stated ""She is my rock, my inspiration. Though impossible to define in just one word, she is my sister"". This quote seems to be the only thing that I can possibly relate to lately. Every relationship I have been in has had it's ups and downs, it's faults and it's breaking points. But the relationships that truly stand out, the ones that will stick with me for the rest of my life, are the ones that I like to categorize as my sisterhood. I'm proud to say I have three sisters.I was born one of three daughters, the youngest unfortunately. Not only did my birth order usually cause trouble in my household, but also the circumstances that brought me to today have effected the relationships I have with my sisters. We fight, like many women do, and up until recently I would have to be honest in saying there were times when we had to be ripped away from each other for the fear that one of us would kill the other. But we also laugh. Laughter is the one thing that I know I can count on to fill the halls of this house that up until recently were very silent.Through the hard times the three of us have faced, we have all dealt with life in a different way. But when push comes to shove and all the superficial bullshit is pushed aside, the only place we want to be is sitting in a car, drinking some coffee, and talking about our problems.""The word that most of the people love the most and then get tired of it easily, 'forever'. Lovers existing in the poems still live with it, withstanding all the grimaces and graces. It exists in the politicians' vows, the mother's bonds, a friend's talks(how much ever fair weathered that friend is). It exists in the minds of the ladies who want their ""perfect-est"" guy. And according to a friend of mine, he says that all the female fraternity existing on the mother earth who believe in the fairy tales of the brave knight in shining armour or some macho hunk from the moon's chunk (reminds me of Goku from DBZ, don't know why) existing for them, should be given a whiff of reality. (I can hear: Take me down to the paradise city....where the grass is green and the men are hunky...oh won't you please take me hooouoome yeah yeh yeaaaaah....sigh. GnR. Sorry. A lapse of insanity. No meaning whatsoever). It exists in every relation's start and hides in a veil of decay after that, most of the times.That word never does any justice to all, but seems to hide within it some strange magnet which every one craves for. All those promises, dreams. Like that song of oasis (song: little by little) says,""dream our dreams alone with no resistance....fading like the stars we wish to be.""Yes, forever fades away, too. And we see it. We live with that fact every day. Struggle to get a tiny part of that forever, to seek constancy in everything that we do. We don't like twists and changes thrown on our face every day of our life, we wish to do it at our pace. There are relations which you feel you always could keep them the same way, the way they are right now. Even after fights and disputes, we wish to seek the smiles on the same faces every single day of our life and without them, life goes a complete wreck. We seek ""forever"". But it's so futile, it's tragic. And sometimes, we fear the same tragic blow hitting us again and again in our life. But still, like a courageous (but scared within like crap) soldier, we march on towards the same old pits."Rafael Omar Hernandez jr. Can't believe how time flies by just to think that it felt just like yesterday when I found I was having a symbol of mine n omars love. I remember seeing you through that black and white screen wondering about your sex. Miss when daddy and I use to sit around talking about you. 24/7 and watch my tummy move when you'd hear daddys voice. My life has changed completely when you entered this world.my heart grew .. What I'm saying is I can't believe how much your growing I get amazed on everything you do I wanna protect you on anything and everything that can harm you. don't want my baby boy to grow to fast even though its part of life and that's the routine.. I love you mi Gordo n your always gonna be my little boy just wish I could hold time and not have it go so fast. Love to treasure every moment with you hate that daddy is away at times to witness some of the things that makes my day and puts a smile in my face. Even though your such a daddys boy I know I'm in your heart. I love you Omar jr and words can't express what you mean to Me. Your my oxygen my heart and I couldn't survive a minute without that. You¡¯re my angel! Te quiero mucho mi vida! With love always mommy!"I love art. Art that moves me. I love beauty. When something moves me, gets me feeling, I see it as beautiful. (Not horror images though, moving me to tears.)What I have in my house, I have it there cause when I see it, and it makes me feel good. I have a stack of art postcards that are not up on the wall cause some are grotesque and weird and amuse me momentarily but not on my every day wall.So at the moment most of what is in our house, we?ve created ourselves (don?t read all ego hear cause there is plenty of other pieces of art I would like but I am choosing not to spend my assets on purchasing).The girls and I all paint and the kids are so creative, they love to make anything. Right now they have taken over our living room, as they often do, and built a whole world for their toys to play in.I?ve painted for about 2 years, off and on. Acrylics mostly. I like oil but it smells bad and I am very sensitive to odors. (So is Julianna by the way, she just has to stick her head out the hallway in the morning to smell if the girl upstairs have already gone to school, because of how her friends?mother smell).I?d like to share some paintings and some drawings I did for a local art show that I was not selected to participate in, but I did them anyway.It?s not easy to take good photos of framed art on the wall but I really enjoy framing my art cause it confirms and completes it in a very nice way.""I wonder what I'll think of when I look back on this months from now.. So first I'd like to say - hi me! If I read this later... ;)Anywaaay.umm. So lately my heart has been hurting and I know I've been pretty emo, but I think that¡¯ll change now. Spent an awesome night with my brudder, got a Lovato pep-talk, and just spent time with my best friends (saw orphan - scaaaryy!!!!), so its just amazing. I'm happy.Thank you all for that unconditional support you showed me, that's how I know I have the best fans in the whole wide world :)You guys are seriously the absolute. Best.I love you guys so so so so so much!! Your so amazing to me and I hope my music and my work expresses a small amount of how truly grateful I am for you. I cherish you from the bottom of my heart.I love you!!!Ps picture comments please :) xx.Love always, XX,Miley Cyrus""Yes i realize that i have already written a blog today but after becoming a blogger so many different topics have played on my mind and i really need to get this one out of my head before it is all that i think about.Music can change a persons mood, it can fill in as background noise or it can be the reason many people are gathering in the one location but my question tonight is; Is music really so influential on peoples lives?I ask this because i just finished watching a DVD or pinks latest tour. now its no secret that i am a die hard pink fan, but her music has helped me through some very hard times in my life. For as long as i can remember i have listened to her music and learnt all of her songs word for word trying to learn hat they are about and their meanings. Now I'm not saying every one else is a die hard fan of hers but every person has at least one band that they love unconditionally, my partners for example is Korn.The thought that has continued to run through my mind all day is ""does music influence others the way it does me?"" I'd really like to know, because i know in my life every time i look back on a hard part, a good part, the times that always make me cry and the times that always make me laugh, the on common denominator is music, different types for different moods or occasions but still music.let me know if music influences your life or if u turn to music when you are having a hard time, id really like to hear your opinions. ""Meg's recent post on fears and dreams in partnership inspired me to make public my own. This wont be a comprehensive entry. It will be an expression of pain and hope. I will be back soon to write a real game plan, a real inspiring post.My partner and I live 3 hours from one another. He is in grad school, I work to support us. He's come a long way and put in a lot of time, effort and money to make our partnership possible. We are both sacrificing and risking a lot, but we do so with great enthusiasm and trust that our dream of spending our lives together - supporting and challenging one another - will be realized.As it stands it is difficult not to be focused on Destination Happiness. I wrote an ode to August 2010 last night. That's the month where we start breathing easy or at least in a more reliable rhythm. He'll be working, and we'll be living in the same city, under the same roof.My fear is that I'll get more entrenched in this habit of thinking of the next step instead of loving where we are now.When I lived in London I was very much in the moment. Because the moments were so fantastic probably. I've been thinking often about the first time I ever cooked for him. We sat cross-legged on 2 meters of floor in my small flat, eating a homemade steak dinner off an overturned cardboard box for a table - I thought not of my microscopic bank account. We were so present in that moment. We glowed, we gazed at one another from across the 'table'. What fun it is to be broke and in love!Someday soon, I will see the distance from his front door to mine as equivalent to that cardboard box. Something we had to do for the time being, something that makes us stronger. In the meantime I will try and glow and gaze from across the the highway. ""I'm into the Roaring 40s!! I crossed over into the 40s late last night. The skies didn't turn black, there was no roaring wind or crashing seas, no pouring rain or anything else. In fact, all there was to hear was the occasional flogging of my sails as the little bit of wind I did have faltered in and out.Every big event that has taken place during my trip seems to be maddeningly calm and slow. When I left Marina del Rey, there was barely enough wind to keep my sails full, I almost crossed the equator twice in one day because there was no wind and a current pushing me backwards and now I have a good day with lots of wind but I get into the ""Roaring"" 40s and my wind dies. Next thing you know I'll be down at Cape Horn up on deck in a swimming suit reading a book!As frustrating as it is, I guess I am really lucky to have such calm weather so far, even if it doesn't make for many exciting stories. The wind is beginning to pick up so hopefully I'll be able to make up for the slow day.My chart desk seat is much more stable. Whether thats due to the Velcro thats all over the bottom now or just because of it being calmer out I have yet to find out. It was nice to have a little bit of calm weather and sun to give everything a good check over, finish up a few jobs, and get the batteries nice and full from the solar panels.I'm about two weeks away from Cape Horn now and very excited to be getting so close!Well, thats all for now. Thank you all for your comments! I really enjoy hearing from everyone!"There are currently... let's see... 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, maybe 10 persons (and that's without their affiliated persons) the thoughts of whom upset me in one way or another. With 6-7 or them it's really bad. With two of them it's decidedly painful. Rejection, deceit, jealousy, unrequited love, hopeless mutual love, loss, misunderstandings, conflict, hurtful words, unanswered questions, ignored requests, longing, regrets, uncertainty, anger, blame, self-questioning, guilt, unfulfilled desire, disregarded feelings, inability to understand... Keeping my thoughts away from them is exhausting. I need a place to rest my thoughts."so anyways i usually work about 36-48 hours a week depending on the week and the days vary to 3-4 days a week and every other weekend. i work at a level one trauma center in roanoke and we see about a million patients a day ranging from all sorts of diseases and problems. to say the least we are very very busy and the staffing is short these days. i enjoy what i did and just recently finished recieving my bachelors degree in nursing from a local school in the community. i am hoping to further my career in nursing one day but i want to learn as much as i can right now and take a few years off from school.i currently live with my boyfriend (just moved in about 3 weeks ago) aprox 45 minutes from the town i grew up in where all of our friends live and where i work. so far so good. i loveliving up at the lake. it has been a little bit of an adjustment getting used to commuting back and forth to roanoke. we are in the process of cleaning up around the house. yesterday he took off from work so we could clean the yard,the back and from porch and ""de-clutter"" some things from the trailer. :) anyways...we worked all day cleaning and picking up. thank goodness he helped me, because one person doing all the work is very difficult. derek put up solar lights around the house which look really good. lots of work to be done but by the time summer rolls around hopefully we'll be all ready to celebrate the summer and spend time with family and friends up here at the lake. today i am off so it will be a time for lots of laundry and dishes...maybe a little work out.""If you know me pretty well, you'll know that doing this was stepping pretty far outside of my comfort zone. But I told myself that when we moved, I wanted to have more people over. At the old house, we almost never did. Partly due to our antisocial leanings, but also because of the house itself. It just made me feel self-conscious to have people in it unless I was very comfortable with them.So, it was good and I'm glad we did it. I'm happy that we were part of making something cool and wild and crazy happen for Zeb as one of his final memories of the Life Learners. I also offered to take one of the kids to the park the next day with us, as his mom is not in town right now, and I discovered how well he gets along with all my kids, so I think perhaps more play-dates could be in our future. So that was a very good thing.I had been thinking and worrying a lot lately that there was not enough social interaction in my girls' lives. Having this sleepover has helped me to see that maybe I'm just not doing enough to invite opportunities into our lives. But it hasn't been just this; new friends just seem to pop up when I'm open to it. I was worrying about the lack of girls around my girls' ages and then, all of a sudden, there were some. And then I realized that maybe they don't need girl friends quite as much as I thought they did. They all three of them had such a fun time with the boy who stayed after everyone else was gone.""Having forgotten to take my book on the Metro this morning, and then discovering that the battery in my MP3 player was dead, I spent 20 minutes investigating what my fellow travellers were reading! Yes, I was bored.Top place went to the variety of free newspapers that can be picked up outside various shops, or are handed out on the streets (20 Minutos, Que and ADN). I normally get a copy of 20 Minutos at the top of the Metro stairs on the way to my early class at the Ministry of the Environment. It's handed to me by a man whose face I have never seen. Come rain or shine, he's bundled up in a waterproof jacket, gloves, hat and a scarf that's wrapped around his face only leaving his eyes exposed. Still, his eyes appear to be smiling and there's usually a muffled ""Hola"". Maybe once summer comes, I'll actually find out what he looks like!One very geeky, terribly small, thin man who looked about as far removed from a football fan as anyone I've ever seen was dissecting his copy of Marca, the Real Madrid official paper.No less than 3 people were reading whatever that damn red and black book is by the author that died before publication of the final part (someone please tell me what it is!).""................When I woke up in the morning I always become aware of my thoughts and feelings and work to 'shift' whatever it is that may not be what it is that I am wanting to attract. Usually it just takes a sec and the beautiful thoughts arrive as I hold onto them and go about my day.This morning my mind was going a million miles an hour and it was not comfortable! as I laid there the ugly thoughts kept showing up! Frustrated I pulled the covers over my head, closed my eyes real hard and tried to focus on something good. Still the sickness feeling was there and I began to get annoyed that it was more difficult than normal. Then it hit me as I thought of my friend Kat's birthday today then realized what day it is!!! A Year ago today my life was changed forever!! A year ago today I felt terror like i have never experienced before or after. A year ago today was the best and worse day of my life. A year ago today my husband shot himself after trying to kill us both. A year ago today my Husband gave me the greatest gift ever. My freedom!!!! A year ago today I gave my word to Tony (the sheriff) that I would make good out of the bad and I have!!!""I hate to vent on the blog because people who vent are sad, lonely creatures who cannot handle their emotions and/or thoughts in a socially acceptable way, thus inflicting their stresses upon the many terabytes of data floating in this universe causing an as-yet-unknown form of verbal pollution.But I have to vent.Recently, I've been going out with angmohgais / guai loh / expats. Am I an SPG (Sarong Party Girl)? Yes. In fact, twice when I went out with angmohgais, I wore sarongs. The point is, its not that I don't care - because I do. I am hardly independent enough to not need validation from my fellow countrymen. But I resent this greatly.Of course, we could do this the legal pad way. Pros and Cons, Compare and Contrast, et al. But why would I when the comparisons are so painfully obvious? Because, otherwise, I would get such hair-raisingly predictable responses that I would forever regret this diatribe.""seventh: you know when people talk to you and they mumble so much you have to say ""i'm sorry. what?"" or ""what?"" or ""could you say that again?"" or ""i didn't hear you. what?"" what what WHAT??? one day i'm going to look at someone and say ""take the marshmallows out of your mouth next time you speak. i can't understand a damn thing your saying."" seriously. i've noticed it a lot lately. speak up people!! either i'm going deaf (which is totally possible considering the only volume i consider appropriate for music is loud) or people literally are too damn lazy to open their mouth and move their tongue to make audible coherent noises.eighth: go to www.theoatmeal.com and browse. hysterical site.ninth: i had a crazy dream where tornado's were talking to me. and they wanted to kill me. they were mini tornadoes in some kitchen i was in and they were talking to me and trying to kill me by chucking knives at me. cassandra was with me. then the power went out and we got on our hands and knees and quietly snuck out. all the while the tornadoes were saying ""where are you??"" all creepy like. we get out and my brother is standing out in the hall looking out a window, being a creep, and he says, over here! and as the power comes back and the lights turn on, knives were thrown in the kitchen. but we were already out so we were safe. so sandra and i escape to hide in the bathroom to sit in the tub (bc that's what you do in a tornado...you sit and wait it out in the tub). then she's like, what about your brother? and she goes to look for him. while i continue to sit in the tub. i hear a knock at the bathroom door and i open it, and in walks my parents. naked. and behind them comes ben and sandra (fully clothed). and i wake up. weird. does anyone analyze dreams?? b/c i have a lot of weird freaky ones like this all the time.tenth and finally: the bathroom floor at the gym i go to is disgusting. i honestly don't think they ever clean the bathroom. however i've noticed the janitor sweeps the basketball court every morning. i'm tempted to say to him ""how about instead of sweeping the basketball court for the millionth time, you hose out the damn showers in the girls locker room??"" i'm not even asking him to mop. i'm merely asking he gets rid of all the hair and lint by hosing it down the drain. is that too much to ask??? also, the same sink hasn't worked in 3, almost 4 weeks. as well as the same soap dispenser has been out of soap for the same amount of time. they truly never go in there. it's disgusting. ""Some days the idea of getting a shrink makes real sense to me.  It's not usually about MY shit though- and I'm not sure one should hire a psychiatrist to, essentially, gossip about the people in your life.  Then again, that could be the bread and butter of the entire profession, considering how FUCKING ANNOYING people are.  Also...  If it drives me nuts, it IS kinda my shit, huh?  I mean, I'm sure the details speak volumes.  But I'm not getting a shrink because I have you, and you're free, and I'm already accustomed to the stigma of blogging.  So.  (I do wish I could lay down on a tufted, leather sofa to pour my heart out, though.  See what you can do about that, would ya?) Saturday night some schmuckla hit a pole, causing a power outage.  -No big, it was the middle of the night, after all.  But the sump pump runs on 'lectric, and it has been raining its ass off for daaaaaays at this point, so guess what!  Water in the basement!  It could have been much worse.  Much, much, much worse.  If the pump had just given up, for instance, and the electric was still on, I'm not sure what would have happened with the speakers.  They're probably older than I, and they sit straight on the floor.  Seems like it could have gotten sparky down there.  As it is though, we probably took on about 4 inches, and almost everything stored down there was in water tight bins...  Almost.  A couple of boxes of ESPN The Magazine *EYE ROLL* got soaked, along with a smaller box of Rolling Stone Magazines from The Grunge Years (I can obviously understand this loss better, but still.  Magazines?  Jebus.)  And last but certainly not least, two boxes of Comics.  They were the first thing he went for when he realized what had happened, and I heard him cussing all the way upstairs.  -What the fuck are those little jackets for, if they're not going to even try to repel water?  I mean really!  (Do not explain dust jackets.)   Anyhoo, he heaved the boxes onto the lower landing and bellowed for me.  And I went.  And he asked me (being generous because I know he was freaking out) to GENTLY  remove the jackets and lay them out on the extra table to dry.  -They ended up covering the whole table and 70% of The Sunofabitch Room floor.  Some time later.  I don't know if you know how difficult it is to GENTLY wrestle thin, wet paper from a wet plastic sleeve...  It's not fun.  I patted them down, examined them for damage, and did my best to facilitate their drying...  ""They're ALL ruined!""  he later exclaimed.  ""Listen.  A few of them got hit really hard, but a whole lot of them only got an edge or a corner damp- they'll dry out just fine.""  ""But they're still ruined!""  he huffed, somewhat childishly, in my very humble opinion.  ""Well.  I did the best I could.""  I tried really fucking hard not to bite his face off.  ""It's just...  I mean, they'll never be worth anything again, and these aren't mine.  They're BiL's and CJ's, mostly.  They're just ruined!""  ""I do hate to ask, but...  If there was never any saving them, then why did I have to climb all over the floor, patting them tenderly all morning?!""  I can't tell you how many times I have sat through The Comic Guy Discussion.  -Different Comic Guys have different beliefs on the treatment and use of Comics, and believe me, it's a long fucking story I don't wish to subject you to, if you've been able to avoid it this long, but it boils down to:  Some guys collect for value and bragging rights, and everything they have better be in mint fucking condition or somebody's gonna pay.  Don't touch it!  Don't bend it!  Don't breathe on it!  Then there are guys who collect for the pleasure of reading them and looking at the artwork.  This I understand.  All of these guys are that guy, just so you know.  And they treated them a bit questionably before they dropped them off here.  Not horribly, like they're known to treat almost everything they come in contact with*, but not with any extreme care.Ward did not mistreat them.  He wasn't careless.  The basement has never fucking flooded.  It's now Wednesday, and he still has The Face, and he is STILL FUCKING WHINING ABOUT THE GOD DAMNED COMIC BOOKS!  Please.  Just stab me in the fucking eye.  *The fact that there's a trail of destruction behind them adds to my difficulty in understanding the DEPTH of the woe here.  It's not cool to abuse other people's things, and I am bummed for them.  But hopefully AFTER THE FUCKING HOLIDAYS we'll be able to start replacing them.  We'll make it all better, ya know, like they did after they broke my favorite vase.  Oh wait, no they didn't.  So should I subtract that $120 from the bill?  No?  Because I already said, ""It's all good, man.  Accidents suck, but they happen.""  Wasn't someone supposed to stab me?""So I have had a few people who are on my page that I don't know all that well ask me if my relatives were the founders of the town I live in....LOL No! My first husband's last name is Powell and he and I have three kids together, so I felt it was important for me to hyphenate my last name to add their name. The social security office told me I have every legal right to continue to use Powell as my last name, or part of my last name, so I feel like as long as three out of my seven children have a different last name then I do now, I should find a way to be able to use both names. So I legally changed it to Powell-Sanschargrin, Sanschargrin being my married name now. My maiden name is only used on Facebook.Now, what a huge coincidence that Mark and I happened to buy a house and settle in a town that is called Powell! When we decided to buy a house in the Knoxville area and we were looking at houses on-line when we were in Italy, I seen this town and laughed! I made the comment to Mark, and I was totally joking when I said it, ""We should buy a house in that town!"" Wouldn't you know that our real estate agent had a bunch of houses in this area to show us and we really did end up buying our home here! Everyone joked about it...My oldest daughter said she couldn't believe I ended up in a town called Powell... But we love it:)So there you have it! I was not related to the settlers of our small town. As a matter of fact, I know absolutely nothing about this town or how it even got it's name or when it was founded. The odds of me ending up in a town that happens to share the same name with my ex-husband, I'm a little bit curious about that.""I know I am on hiatus to a point but I had to share this!I recently participated in a junk swap at Junk market Style. I received my package on Saturday from my delightful swap partner Avery. She is an art teacher who uses junk to make jewelry and assemblages. Perfect partner. I know you are completely jealous. Just look at this fabulous stash I received!!!You wish you were me right now, no?You really must not drool all over your keyboard.I knew this one would get you! Fantastic piles of yummy junk.What more is there to say?She even took into consideration my fascination with everything pertaining to the Sacraments.Now I need to put my thinking cap on and start creating. Avery, you are the best! You need to start a blog and show us all the creative things you do with the junk you find.Once again I was lame and forgot to take pics before I sent my box out.  Hope she enjoys what I sent as much as I am enjoying her selection. (Sadie and I keep going through it all as if it was a treasure chest filled with diamonds.) To us it is!Have a treasure of a day, P.BTW I temporarily added the eggs to the wooden piece Avery sent. I am loving that piece! It may become my permanent centerpiece to play with through the seasons!""Well the flights are booked, the hotel is booked, the new poster is ready and all the visa waivers etc are in place. Montana here I come!Of course this means that the pile of work that needs to be done before I go is looking incredibly large and is marked with URGENT!!! It's a flippin' good job that I work well under pressure. I'm getting there with my dissertation though, and the reading at least looks interesting.In some ways I can't believe my time as an undergrad is almost over, three years has gone so fast. But also, now I think I'm ready for it to be finished. I've got my PhD research idea niggling away at me and I'm eager to get started. I'll be sad to leave UCLan and the friends I've made there, but I'm looking forward to a new beginning.In the meantime, I still have a couple of adventures left to share with the gang. Montana being the first! :D ""So, on my long run of the week I like to contemplate things.......the meaning of life, what I'll be wearing the next day, what I need to shop for on-line......you know. Important things: Where is that road to being a good person I was looking for the other day?? You get the idea.Well, last weekend I was jamming to my uber cool running mix which you better believe includes Jay-Z. Have I mentioned that our romance back from the Hard Knock Life days has been rekindled? As his voice soothed my soul, I was trying to picture Jay-Z sitting down to write some songs............and I started laughing out loud. I mean, does he list out words that rhyme? Is he pulling out his pocket thesaurus?? I'm just having a hard time picturing this! I think it must just come out perfect when he goes to the studio the first time. That is the only way it can work out in my mind.I used to write poetry in high school, which colors my ideas about brainstorming and writing or doing anything creative. Cheers to Jay-Z for beating me at this process. I never tried to rap though. Maybe that's easier. I should add free-style rapping to my list of goals I have going. More amusing things for you to read about.Pretty sure I'll need to pick the optimal time to test out this free-style rapping, like, oh, I don't know, maybe during an interview. I will be going on lots of those soon. My future employers will need to know that I'm creative. Perfect way to show them! Or maybe I should do it at HEB the next time I go and almost die by being stampeded in the dairy section. Those people are on a MISSION I tell you. I have been trapped there on multiple occasions. I'm sure if I were rapping at people they might make a path for me, my eggs and my milk.I'm not lying when I say that I observed a very painful first date on Millionaire Match Maker which included a free style rap from the girl to the guy. He decided she was crazy. Maybe I'll be better than her.Well, I should go review common rhymes and do some brainstorming so I'm ready when the perfect opportunity presents itself. Does that negate the free-ness of the styling? I'm going with no.""In real life, when my friends split up, I have a really good track record of staying friends with both sides. I have done it pretty successfully here on MySpace too.We are all flawed, every one of us.The longer we know someone and the more we see of them, the more we learn about their personality, quirks and character. We see the good points and the bad points and if we love them, we accept those things as all ""part of the package"".Recently some real-life friends of mine were going through a really tough time in their relationship. Stacey was afraid her boyfriend was cheating on her and she was confiding in me a lot, because she knew four things:- that she could trust me- that I would listen but not tell her what to do- that I loved her boyfriend and knew him very well- that I would tell her the truthWhat was really interesting was the out-of-character behavior that she displayed during her melt-down. She became crazy jealous obsessed girlfriend. She hacked into his computer, his Facebook and his cell phone messages.""OK so I have been really enjoying all of the creative blogs on SITS and Lady Blogger Society (Thanks Katie), but I am finding myself lost in blogs and ignoring the family, YIKES. Any of you that have kids know what happens then. Those wonderful children know that you are ignoring them and reek havoc on anything and everything.So I joined Lady Bloggers Society and I can not get the badge on my profile it keeps telling me there are invalid characters or something I don't know. I will try again . If anyone has any advice please let me know.So last week I friend requested my biological father and alas he ignored. I know this because his wall is public and he recently became friends with other people but not me. Does this bother me? I don't know, I am kind of indifferent to the situation. I don't know him wouldn't even be able to recognize him if he walked into the room. I guess what bothers me the most is the situation I am in, in having to explain this to my children at some point. The man that raised me is my dad. My one and only dad, but he has his own issues and baggage with his family and did not adopt  me, which is fine with me(those that know them will know why this is fine with me). So I have my biological fathers last name but that should have left me when I got married , so you would think.When deciding on my married name I did not like the sound of it, and I was not ready to totally give up who I thought I was of it so I hyphenated(SP?) it.  Consequently not one of my children has truly noticed that my last name is different then my parents.  Even my twelve year old hasn't noticed but I guess at this age she is just too self absorbed to notice anything but herself.  My son did bring it up in the car one day and I blew it off cause how do I explain this ?  He may be a little too young to understand.  I should probably talk to my dad my real dad not the sperm that helped to create me and ask him how he would like me to deal with it when the question comes up again.  Just some thoughts on a WACKY WEDNESDAY!!!!!"The weekend has arrived at last. After a long week of school, everyone looks forward to Friday - Sunday night. Especially this weekend. Today after all the classes are finished it is the start of Spring break for Oakland University. The weather has been so wonderful and it has made this week coming to an end something magnificent! whether you are going to a famous Spring break spot or you are staying in the comfort of your own home. It is going to be a time to catch up on some much needed sleep and even possibly some homework that needs to be caught up. I am going to enjoy my weekend with my mom and younger siblings, I am heading up to see them all tonight and will be there all weekend. It is going to be a much needed relaxation. Enjoy your weekend everyone! =) "I guess you could forgive someone for looking twice in a mirror. Maybe to verify their perception of it the first time. But this was different. I stopped, turned around, walked back and then proceeded to waste fourteen and a half minutes attempting to catch my reflection at it's own game. I think our reflections are more than the shallow, beauty-obsessed clones of us they seem to be. That's a fair observation to hold mind, I mean what do we ever see our reflections doing?Combing their hair, applying lipstick, adjusting their skirt 'just-so'. Really? No i think there's more to them. It just seems so close minded to assume their only purpose is to help us maintain our unique level of good-looking-ness (and I can only speak for myself here but I don't even remember the last time I had a successful view of my reflection). Perhaps we all have a little Dorian Gray in us. Perhaps we all use them for our own selfish ends. Maybe we do maybe we don't, I guess I'm not sure what we use them for. It's just nice to know when you feel completely alone, there's an equally frustrated person on the other side of the looking glass, albeit she'll likely have better hair than you do.."I am a dreamer and a bookworm; creative and somewhat adventurous. My sense of direction lets me down every time. I am sickeningly organised and have an ongoing love affair with lists. One part diplomatic, one part blunt. I can be stubborn and opinionated, but I'm lovely really. Give me handbags and shoes anyday. Especially shoes... Beautiful, shiny shoes with neverending heels that I can't wear for longer than ten minutes. Oh and lovely dangly earrings too. I do not smoke. I drink socially. I love chicken and pasta and a good steak, but cannot eat garlic and onions. If this were not the case, I'd very seriously consider being vegetarian. I love sunshine and I even secretly love rain. Mostly I love the smell of wet grass after the rain. And thunderstorms. I was born and raised in Malta; I moved to England in '06; Married my best friend in '08. We intend to live happily ever after."My husband was supposed to be at work at 1:30 p.m. today and he ended up late by nearly an hour.  Why?  Daylight Saving Time took effect this morning at 2 a.m. and neither of us knew about it.  I suppose we should have known, but we do not have cable and Hulu, Myspace, and any other websites we have been to in the last three days did not even give any noticeable blurbs about it.I was under the impression that Daylight Saving Time was begun for farmers, because that is actually what they would tell us in school, but I think they were neglecting world history and trying to claim it for America.  In reality, Daylight Saving Time was established in 1916 by Germany and Austria in order to ¡°conserve fuel needed to produce electric power¡± That¡¯s right, the same people responsible for Nazism and the Holocaust brought us this gemÿ""I know that I can't stay like my current life as cooking and studying music but English, but hunting job. Don't be worry! I'm getting better and I can do what I wanna do. I'm getting interviews from a few companies next week. What I can do is that just I talk about myself honestly. So, I don't wanna prepare something as I seem to be competent. I have confidence and I can do anything if I want to. It might take a time a bit though. Whatever, Daddy, I have some melody for you and wanna compose it. Would u forgive me to do it?Then I would be workaholic.Akibe happy to Everyone""However, the relationship between Edward and Bella is potentially dangerous to young minds as it gives women the idea that the Edward/Bella relationship is real. Even as I was reading the book, I felt a longing for something like that...something I know does not exist. And, as I have the knowledge and experience to know that my marriage is incredibly deep and encompasses more of the aforementioned passions than many, it is a little frightening to think of the expectations that a young, romantically inexperienced woman may pull from this series.And that is why this series is irresistible. The action is never-ending, giving the books an urgency. The love story is timeless, capturing the hearts and minds of its female readers. And, though Breaking Dawn does fall a little short in comparison to the first three books, the final book is destined to be the lesser as Bella's transformation from vampire to human will ultimately be tragic unless it is even more far fetched. Then again, we are talking about vampires...Overall, I'd give the series a ""read."" After doubting it for months, it surprised and pleased me far more than I'd expected. ""Things have been going well out here. Unfortunately, I don't have very steady wind but I'm still managing to make some progress. Its starting to get really cold! Its still quite possible that I'll be up on deck reading a book when rounding Cape Horn, but I'm beginning to think that while out there I'll be in an Eskimo suit...not a swim suit.I was surprised by how fast the temperature changed. Just two days or so ago it was nice and warm but all of a sudden it got right down to 60F. Its not just the temperature that has changed. Everything around me from the constantly breaking waves to the grey sky is different. Not more than three days ago there was still the bright blue water, clear sunny skies, and warm wind. Things may not have started to roar the minute I entered the 40s but the past few days have made it evident that I'm in them.Its cold, and rather then everything being bright blue as it had on the equator, everything has now turned grey. Its an all together less inviting sight than the equator, but its exciting and it feels like I'm really getting into my trip now.I've spent the day checking up on things; belts, filter, lines, and sails. I did a little housework as well. I cleaned out the cupboard under the sink, pulled out some warmer clothes so they're easy to get to when I need them, and checked out all three of my heaters to make sure they're working. I've also been working on drying out my boots. They got soaked inside and out so while covered from head to, well, ankle, in foulies my feet have been very uncomfortable when I'm outside!!I've been keeping the boat closed up tight and compared to outside its very warm (I'm not sure the temperature outside, my thermometer is down below). With the companionway door closed the windows fog up and the roof is wet from condensation. I usually leave the one little window above my bed open. It does let in a little cold breeze but I'd rather a cold breeze than suffocating. I have had quite a bit of time to think out here. Suffocating would be a pretty miserable ending to my trip so I'm really very happy to put up with a little cold air!I know a lot of you are watching the wild weather that is brewing down here. More on that tomorrow.""I will not stop till I have this figured out.Healing is my priority.I've come a long way from the days of eating Entemann's cakes and drive thru food on the sneak.I'm no longer ""addicted"" to diet soda, caffeine and coffee.Every time I knock down an unhealthy habit I expect to feel great relief.I am not greatly relieved as yetBUT and every one loves a big BUTT....I'm still plugging away at this.I do not accept ""food addict"" as a label. Thank God I didn't.I do not accept low calorie diets and overexercising as the answer to obesity.I do not accept being tired all the time as normal.I'm fighting the good fight.""It was probably about four or five months ago when I applied for a job as a valet attendant, so this post has been long in the making, but it came up again yesterday afternoon when I was talking to some other students about workplace dress codes.I was looking for some money on the side while I go to school, so I put in my application and was called in for an interview.  Everything was going great - I have a clean driving record and I drive a stick-shift, so I was feeling pretty good about it.  Then the interviewer got around to the dress code.  I would have to wear black pants, a plain white dress shirt, and... a tie.I gave him an incredulous look and said, ""I'm a woman.""  He pointed out that he was wearing one and I told him, ""Yeah, and it looks silly enough on a man, let alone on a woman.""  Needless to say, I did not get the job.  I didn't want the job anymore and would have turned it down anyway.  I almost wanted to ask him if he would wear a skirt if that was the dress code... I wonder what he would have said.This may have seemed a petty issue, but I feel that a dress code is being most sexist when it attempts to wipe away our sexual identities and make women emulate men.  If women should be forced to wear ties to earn a living, then why not make men wear heels?  I know for a fact that a woman in a skirt can be just as polite and can drive a car just as well as she could if she would wear pants, so what gives?  If they want sameness, they might as well get plastic surgery and melanin injections for their employees as well, just so they will all look exactly alike - don't stop at clothes!The funny thing - this was at a Catholic hospital... and unless they don't hire any women, they are about 80% likely to end up with lesbians working there with this sort of a dress code.  Let's be realistic - if a man gets hired there, he probably already has a tie and white dress shirt, but a woman would have to go out and buy these things.  I can just imagine going to the men's section in JCPenney and getting fitted for a dress shirt, the guy standing there and trying to figure out what to do about my boobs...""Now, something you may or may not know about me is I love to dance. I mean I reallllly love to dance. Not nasty body grinding dancing, but just moving to the beat of the music. Or in my case, more often the beat in my own head. Turn on a dance song and I transform into what looks like a crazed jumping bean. Some of my friends on the retreat had never seen this before. There was a lot of ""Where do you get that energy?,"" ""I've never seen you so excited!,"" and "".....whaaaa....?!?!""I think my biggest fan is Lindsay. She cannot believe my dancing, or the faces I make while doing it. She's seen me go crazy enough that now, she almost immediately runs to where ever I am in the room when a song comes on, and we act like idiots together. Our energy and excitement is infectious, and eventually, most everyone around stops worrying about how they look, give in, and join. There's the jumping, the swimming move, the running in place, and of course, the fist pump. All with a huge smile and bright eyes.Do I look silly? Definitely. Do I care? Not at all. Do I sincerely love every single second? Absolutely.The point is this-I truly believe that dance parties are one of life's ways of saying ""Hey, I love you man."" You can forget all your problems and stress, let down all your inhibitions, and tap into the unafraid free spirit that is in all of us.So the next time you hear a good song, don't think about who is watching or what they'll say. ""Last night, and a few hours of this morning, were spent in the ER because we thought I might have appendicitis. But let me explain a little bit of what had been happening before-hand. A couple months ago my back started hurting, lower right hand side, really bad. It went away for a while, but then a couple weeks ago it came back, so my DI dr. put me on a lactose/gluten free diet. That seemed to help until Thursday. I threw up that night and my back and lower front side started hurting really bad. I was afraid to tell my mom about and decided to just not tell her for as long as I could bear it. Yeah...that lasted until about 11 AM the next morning [yesterday]. Last night Amanda was here and she was talking about my symptoms to my mom and looked them up on WebMD, and decided I should go to urgent care, just in case. We went, and he sent us to the ER with a note saying appendicitis needed to be ruled out. ...I think that pretty much sums up why we were there...Hospitals are quite the learning environment. For reals. I wasn't scared about being diagnosed with something, so much as being sent home with another, ""We don't know, we can't find anything wrong."" I've been through that, a lot, and I *hate* it. I think the longest wait ever was waiting for the results of the CT scan. I prayed and prayed for God to give me peace, strength, and comfort. Finally I said to my mom, ""I'm scared."" I had brought my Bible along, in case I got lucky and it was appendicitis, and I would have to stay there. I have an insert in my Bible about God's mysterious side. I got that out and read this part of it:""Yes, this is directed at all of the people who have ever said ""FML"" at a problem so minor as ruining their hair. & Yes, I AM NOT saying that I've never had a bad day, or something that I wish hadn't happened, or gotten mad over something miniscule. I have had MANY bad days, I have wished MULTIPLE times that things didn't happen, and I have gotten upset over tiny things too many times to even count. But the thing is, I'm starting to see how stupid all of that is. We are so lucky and we don't even realize it!!!! We could be in India, forced to hide under long black shawls and constantly told that men are and always will be better than us. We could be in Russia, a starving, toothless homeless child left to freeze out in the blizzarding snow. We could be in Africa, malnurished, infected with HIV/AIDS, and watching our children die before us, just waiting for our turn to come. I think that it is time that we ask ourselves, ""Are our problems REALLY that big of a deal? Would we rather be doing seemingly pointless homework, or standing outside a schoolbuilding, yearning to be allowed to go inside but never getting the chance to? Does a ruined hairdo even compare  to a death-stricken family?""For everyone reading this, I don't want you to ever think I'm a hypocrite if I ever accidentally complain about something that isn't that bad. I am human, I have lived in this well off town my entire life--I don't know anything different. I know for a fact that I WILL, sometime in the near future, be angry about something that I know in my heart I am lucky to have. But I am saying right now that I am making a conscious effort to be more grateful and appreciative of the things I've been blessed with, even when they don't seem like a blessing. All I have to do is think about the kids who don't have them, and how very blessed they would be if they did. ""I was fired from my job on January 8, 2009.Last week was really weird. I was sort of in the past and in the present at the same time. I was remembering the awfulness of being in that job, and the shock and fear at losing it.And then congratulating? myself on not getting fired from this job. Thinking about how much better off I was out of that other job. How I should have quit right away, that the crying and no sleeping was never worth it. Thinking that I don't cry at this job, but I still can't sleep. Wondering how far I'll make it through the year. I'm pretty sure I'm not at risk of firing (bad pr, you see), but do I really want to make it all the way? How much longer can I go without sleeping well? How can I last another five months when just about every day I am exhausted and out of patience?I got home that night last week and there was a package for me. I hadn't ordered anything, so I was very curious what on earth it could be. Turns out, it was an art book that has one of my photos in it! That certainly would not have happened last January, and it certainly couldn't have happened without what did happen last January.I wonder where next January will find me?""Who knows how to make love stay?Next, she thought, ¡°When two people meet and fall in love, there¡¯s a sudden rush of magic. Magic is just naturally present then. We tend to feed on that gratuitious magic without striving to make any more. One day we wake up and find that the magic is gone. We hustle to get it back, but by then it¡¯s usually too late, we¡¯ve used it up. What we have to do is work like hell at making additional magic right from the start. It¡¯s hard work, especially when it seems superfluous or redundant, but if we can remember to do it, we greatly improve our chances of making love stay.¡± She was unsure if that idea was profound or trite. She was only sure that it mattered.Over the weekend, a friend and I worked on something special to send to Andrew overseas. It's a bit silly and a whole lot of wonderful.How do you work to make love stay in your own relationships? ""These last two weekends have been full of friends, laughter and general good times. First we had a long-awaited ""Malteser"" dinner here in Roch, which we thoroughly enjoyed. Last weekend, we spent a lovely couple of days in Reading for the wedding of my friend Kate and her now-husband Tony. We had an absolute blast - I haven't danced that much since my own wedding... and it was a bonus to have some cooperation on the part of my feet this time round!On the way back home, we stopped at Hampton Court and went for a leisurely walk by the river and reveled in the sunshine for a couple of hours. On another note, the job I mentioned a while back unfortunately didn't work out, so I am back home restarting the job hunt once again, but this time making certain to enjoy the free time I have as opposed to resenting it. Fellow blogger Allison over at In a Nutshell wrote these words yesterday, which perfectly sum up the way I feel right now:""Let this post serve as a simple reminder to myself to make the most of each day, and to be utterly thankful for the days that I have here under the sun and the stars. Let it serve as a simple reminder to bask in the beauty of this world and to let its warmth drench my soul.""Next week, I'll be painting our bedroom! You know what that means, don't you? More random wall and paint pictures to come, lucky lucky you! *wink*""Well it was a normal Sunday morn'n till I see a calf trotten across the front pasture. I knew that Cowboy Steve was working some cattle down at the barn but when snot (the guard dog) was going crazy, I went to the door to yell at him to quit and there it was about a 600 pound steer.  Cowboy Steve and Cowboy Stephen both got injured while the big calf was escaping from the shoot.  Stephen our dear friend ended up breaking his ankle while they were trying to wrangle the beast to the ground and Cowboy Steve has a few broken ribs.   "You know those people that post things like "I wish I could go back before everything went wrong" , "I have tons of homework-FML", or "I'm sick of all of this crap, it's making my life horible." on their Facebook statuses or Myspace updates or whatever? THEY ANNOY ME BEYOND BELIEF. We as Americans, living in Boerne, which, while it may be a little dull, is nice and safe and clean and better than a lot of other places. And we HAVE NO IDEA how lucky we are. Drama at school will pass, get over it. It is truly not that big of a deal. I'm so sick of hearing people complain about things that others would count as blessings, like the fact that our school cares enough about us having a future to give us homework and tests to help us learn, grow, and be able to do whatever we want with our futures. Did you know that out of the 11 million childen in Africa, only 18% of them graduate from primary education, which is to us, Middle School? They have no way of acquiring a job, they can't use knowledge to figure out life problems-they're on their own, and so many of them long to be educated, while we sit here and complain about the people who take time out of their own days to teach us and help us achieve the next highest degree of education. I'm not saying I enjoy the homework, or the tests, or the long, boring hours spent sitting in school, but i look past all of that and see the big picture. I appreciate what my teaches are doing for me, and I wish that more of my peers would do the same."Well, it's 2010. A new year, and a new start most would say! But is that actually the way it goes? Not often! My Christmas was quite good, I spent it at home with the family as mentioned in my previous blog. It was nice enough, only a small amount of us. The younger siblings got what they wanted, and I got some small but pleasant enough things also :) I didn't do much to celebrate new year. I've never been one to go out and spend ¡ê40 or so on drinking myself into a stupor, to celebrate the coming of a new number on a calendar etc..Why do people feel the need to celebrate new years? What exactly are we celebrating? The coming of a good year? How do we know it'll be good!? I've never understood it. I'd rather celebrate at the end of the year, to how good/bad the year just ending was. That makes more sense in my book. So this year was just a quiet one, sat in watching the fireworks in London on the TV. Do I have any New Year's resolutions I hear you ask? No! Well, that is a lie to some extent. I have no *new* New Year's resolutions. Over the past few years I've said the same every midnight of the last night of December.""This year I vow to lose some more weight, eat healthier and be happier""I think it's fair to say that this year, I intend to do the same all over again! When I look back at 2009, I half cringe, and half grin. I was a little lost at the beginning of 2009; I didn't know what I wanted, where I wanted to be, who I was. My life started to take shape by the end of the year, I made some *genuine* friends who cared more about life than drinking, I got close to some very special people, and I changed as a person, which I'm happy about. What more could I say I want from 2010 than to develop on this? Whether it's to do with my new found changes in myself, or just a growing maturity that's hit lately, I'm starting to notice the little things in life a lot more than I ever have before. Today I was walking to my house, the ground was white from where the snow had landed, and I noticed the crunching noise that you get under your feet from walking on snow. This evening I cooked myself an unbelievably nice tea, consisting of salmon, new potato's and veg, and I noticed how healthy the food tasted, how it lacked that horrible fatty lethargic feeling that's left behind after your average pie and chips. If there is anything I want from 2010, it's to have a bigger appreciation for the little things in life, for the people around me, and for what I have. That's my 2010 resolution.""I am so proud to be part of my good friend Paul Bradley's show, ""Dreams.""He has worked his butt off and has assembled an amazing line up of incredibly talented folks!I am honored to be playing the very colorful role of the Mother Hen of a Whorehouse, her name is simply ""The Black Widow."" She is kind of like ""Annie's"" Miss Hannigan meets ""Missing Person's"" Dale Bozzio. LOL ;)Congrats to Paul Bradley & the cast of DREAMS as we showcase 30 minutes of his script tonight at the prestigious ASCAP Disney Workshop.WISH US LUCK!""Now. According to google analytic there's a bunch of people stopping my here daily, and blogger tells me that 40 of those people are following me. This makes me shiny-giggly-happy and I would like to know more about you.Where are you from? Do you have your own blog? What is your favourite word? If you were a time of the day, what time would you be? What are your top 5 favourite things in the world? Tell me, tell me, tell me! I'll start:I'm Linnea, I'm from Sweden but have lived in Edinburgh for 5 years now. This is home."I am DEFIANTLY Thinking positive!! It's my Sister that is in need of prayer As well as my Mother. My sister Bobbi is the one in the family who has chosen to follow a not so honest path! She has been in and out of Jail & prison for multiple reason mostly drugs and theft. She in detained right now and had collapsed THREE Times when...  they finally took her to the hospital after she tried to hold herself up as she was blacking out AGAIN and ripped the toilet out of the jail floor. THEN they took her to the ER!!! They did a CAT on her and was tested positive and has a spot on her brain. Then they TOOK HER BACK TO JAIL!!! I think that they should take this more seriously!!! Don¡¯t you? There are family members that do love her. I am trying to hold good thoughts for my mom because she is not that strong unfortunately. Please Pray for them both!! XOXO THANK YOU!"This post is personally for you, but don't worry about all the other people who may read this, they are very nice internet non-stalker people. I actually think I am the only person on this blog website who isn't writing about babies, families, families making babies etc etc.Now onto business! If you happen to have read my previous posts, you will know that I am on a mission to get your attention, for the sole purpose of getting the hosting job on the new US X Factor. I cannot tell you enough how much I want this job, it would be the ULIMATE gig for me, and I know without a doubt I would make you and all of SyCo TV proud, and I know I am the best person for the job.I know people start blogs for fun, and this too is fun for me. But I am also very serious about wanting this job. Throw me a challenge, see what I'm made of. That's my request to you good sir!And now I will leave you with a little visual parting gift to brighten the rest of your day, and keep you rockin!""Well helllloooo!! Do I even have friends anymore? LOL It¡¯s been so log. Well, life with two kids has been an adjustment. My cooking has revolved around simple casseroles and incredibly sweet things. A weird thing about breastfeeding is that you get to keep the pregnancy appetite. Unfortunately, I just don¡¯t have the time to devote to recipes like I did. I have to work in intervals before the baby needs me. I love her to pieces.Awww. I know right?! LOL Ok, so last semester I took an Honors Composition course. The professor mixed ecology in with the class and focused on the Locavore movement. If you don¡¯t know what it is, it¡¯s the decision to eat food made only in a certain radius from your own home. We tried this as a class. Half of the class became locavore and the other half remained everywhereavores LOL. At the end of the semester we all got together and made a dinner. The most interesting thing happened! Those who could get anything they wanted only brought in a chicken, potatoes, veggies, and a case of water! Our locavore group brought eggplant lasagna, fish tacos, guacamole, salads, homemade honey papaya ice cream, and smoothies! We went ALL out and it was awesome. I learned a lot from that class. I try to find local produce as much as possible now. So what better place to go than the Florida Strawberry Festival?! Ok, ok, so aside from the strawberries, nothing seemed to be local. And NOTHING was produce. Chocolate DIPT bacon. Fried BUTTER. Donut burger. I was in foodie overload. If you want to know what a deep fried Snickers bar and deep fried Oreos look like: I STILL have indigestion from those damn things and we went LAST weekend. :D So the Strawberry Festival wasn¡¯t exactly what I¡¯d recommend for someone looking to eat locally, but I did buy some strawberries from Plant City, which is in the 100 mile radius of my own home.""I remember so much about the island; the large Lighthouse that helped me fall asleep so many nights as I counted the flashes of light, that were a steady pattern all through the night, reassuring me. If I woke with it very dark soon that beam of light would move across me and my room. This light shined up to 20 miles out as it swirled around warning ships that they¡¯ve come to close to those deadly shoals and often chasing away the nightmares of my childhood. She was strong and comforting. Funny I call her a she?! I remember the sky; often full of puffy white clouds, lying on my back in the sand, or stretched flat floating in the water, looking for pictures in them. I remember the sunrises leaving u to anticipate the day and sunsets, so rich in color often leaving one breathless, vibrant colors; reds, oranges, shades of pink and purple swirling or streaking across the sky. I often found myself anticipating the beginning of such a beautiful show, free of cost.   At night the sky was more often then not clear, the moon strong and bright(really there was very little need for night lights, street lights, or security lights,) the sky full of life, with thousands of stars to gaze upon, too many to count, and many a falling star was searched for.I remember a rich childhood full of many blessings!  ""i might be moving back to california, maybe in the spring. i don't know. one minute i'm awful excited, the next it almost brings me to tears. i just got started back in school, i have friends there.. i have the potential of having a life.i just don't want to move again. but maybe it could be for the best.i'm so unbearably lonely, all the time. i sit at my house waiting for him to decide i'm worth picking up for a moment or two. i hate leaving my house in fear that i'll miss my chance when he actually wants me.every time i leave to go anywhere, with the exception of school, i get extremely panicked and anxious. i don't know what to do with myself.i think it's pathetic, how i'm still the one cast aside. the one who's proved loyalty, honesty, devotion.. versus the one who used you 'just to see'. i know things are rough for you, i've been through it with you the whole time. but i can't handle this. i know you care, but i need it to be showed. i need to be taken care of sometimes.she used you, used us.. the same way she does with everyone.. you won't ever see it, you won't ever realize. but it's the honest truth, everyones else knows.i mean, who else can go in.. destroy the perfect relationship between two people in love. just as an experiment? to see if it would work?then a month later, decide. 'oh.. well i didn't actually feel that way. i just wanted to see. i thought so, but i was wrong.'i'm not even going to lie. it's awful what you and her have done to me. but being who i am, go figure i'd cast it aside. continue to be there for you BOTH. i'm so devoted, my life is spent doing what you want, or need. i take care of you constantly, and i don't even mind. i just wish you'd notice. i love you.since i've met you, you've been the one thing that i completely put myself into. the one thing that i always think about, the one thing i always work to do for.on my birthday at disneyland, i told everyone i felt sick with a migraine because you said you were upset, and everything with your dad that day. i didn't want to not be available for you.. i didn't want to not be able to be there for you. so i came home. on my birthday, just to be told that you were going to sleep.i bought you that $100 stuffed kangaroo so it would be shipped to your house before i left, just so you wouldn't be as lonely at night without me around.and every day.. i talk to you when you want to talk. i leave you alone when you don't. i'm at your disposal.and then, i do what i can for her as well. i take care of her when she's drunk as all hell, i take care of her emotions. i'm nice to her. when she back stabs me. im still there""Two blogs in one day, oh well I explained briefly in the previous one as to why. I hope those that read this will understand and be patient with us. We now have a internet device which plugs into my computer. So we hope to be in communication more often. Weather and other things can  effect it but well when you are rambling from place to place. There is something many of you do not know. There is a second blessing in this Florida Ramble. I am going to be delivering The Diary of An Angel to three Angels along the Ramble. For those that are not familiar with this, my dear friend Halkios has started an incredible project that involves around 100 artists around the world in the form of a Diary. I invite you to go to his page in the above link to read more about the Diary and see what others have written. I am blessed to be one of the ""Angels"" and even more blessed that I get to deliver the Diary to three of them. Now due to ""bumps"" in the road the Diary did not arrive until after we had started our journey so it was actually delivered to the first Angel I was to meet on this journey by U. S. Mail but I met her first and was able to enjoy that glorious event which I will share in a moment. Though I will meet and share with you other artists along the way, I can not tell you how special it is to be able to share with you the Angels of Florida. It is amazing how close we all feel even though we have never met in person. It is that way whether they are photographers, painters, writers, singers, or poets. The artistic spirit binds us like family. The passion of our art transcends differences. How these artists inspire me, how their works lift my spirit, how much I admire them I cannot find words to express. But I am so honored to meet them, and even more honored to share them with you.Two blogs in one day, oh well I explained briefly in the previous one as to why. I hope those that read this will understand and be patient with us. We now have a internet device which plugs into my computer. So we hope to be in communication more often. Weather and other things can  effect it but well when you are rambling from place to place. There is something many of you do not know. There is a second blessing in this Florida Ramble. I am going to be delivering The Diary of An Angel to three Angels along the Ramble. For those that are not familiar with this, my dear friend Halkios has started an incredible project that involves around 100 artists around the world in the form of a Diary. I invite you to go to his page in the above link to read more about the Diary and see what others have written. I am blessed to be one of the ""Angels"" and even more blessed that I get to deliver the Diary to three of them. Now due to ""bumps"" in the road the Diary did not arrive until after we had started our journey so it was actually delivered to the first Angel I was to meet on this journey by U. S. Mail but I met her first and was able to enjoy that glorious event which I will share in a moment. Though I will meet and share with you other artists along the way, I can not tell you how special it is to be able to share with you the Angels of Florida. It is amazing how close we all feel even though we have never met in person. It is that way whether they are photographers, painters, writers, singers, or poets. The artistic spirit binds us like family. The passion of our art transcends differences. How these artists inspire me, how their works lift my spirit, how much I admire them I cannot find words to express. But I am so honored to meet them, and even more honored to share them with you.""You killed me last night.In a dream.There was is so much anger inside you. I was sleeping, Dakota laying close to my heart, his breath strong and easy against my face. In contrast, it was the sound of your haggard, fervent breath closing in on us, that woke me. Panic leaping through my body, racing to my throat, choking off words. The look in your eyes, so much rage, passion, undeniable heat. And while my heart knew that these would be the last few beats to ever pound against my fragile frame, I remember thinking, where was that intensity, that blazing inferno when I needed it most? When I needed you most?You killed me last night month.It wasn't a dream.""Arrived in Stockholm all smelly and hungover. Got back in the game with some beer on my brother's sunny balcony.My family drove up from Varberg to celebrate my sister's 20th. The birthday girl herself was hungover and tired, but the rest of us were happy bunnies.We ate, drank, walked, laughed and did the kind of stuff our family generally does. My brother took great joy in trapping me in revolving doors, my dad told rubbish jokes and we overdosed on garlic. haven't been to Stockholm in the springtime since I was a toddler. I was born there, but my family moved down to the westcoast quite early on. But I still have the same relationship with Stockholm like I would with a hometown. Hatred mixed with passionate love. The accent can drive me mad, I get sick of having to correct people when they assume I'm from Gothenburg, but every time I leave I feel like crying. It's odd. I still don't think I could live there for any longer amount of time, but I do love that city. Love, love, love. And this time round I got to meet lovely Anna for a coffee and discussions about love, life and everything, which made me happy.I'm back home in Edinburgh now. It's so much warmer here, no snow, and plenty of spring flowers. I've got a horrid headache and loads of uni-reading to catch up with. I guess I should get round to it. ""We¡¯re all haunted by something. Much of our lives are spent dealing with one haunting after another. And some of us are haunted by almost everything that touches us. If you think that you aren¡¯t haunted by anything then you don¡¯t have a past and you never made a bad decision; and good for you.  I think about what haunts me a lot, maybe too much.  I know I¡¯ve thought about it a bit too much these past few days. Sometimes it seems that my humanity is strangled by the things that haunt me.  Sometimes it seems that all that¡¯s left are ghosts.I don¡¯t think haunting is as much about regret as it is about the reality that we make up for ourselves.  Most of our demons are self made ? for a million different reasons.  My regret for a love that I lost is all tied up in memories that may or may not be totally accurate at this point. Those memories are all colored in hues determined by feelings and tears, seen through a broken lens of time and sadness. Heartbreak: this is the haunting of loss. I think about why I constantly run from the prospect of love, and I can only explain it as a haunting.  I¡¯m haunted by the idea of loving someone as much as, say, a song that touches me so deeply I can¡¯t stand to hear it. I avoid it because I can¡¯t bear feeling something with an overwhelming deepness that engulfs me. This avoidance of feeling is the haunting of beauty. In my interviews for the Mike Williams book, so many people have told me their stories ? their sadness and regrets and their sweet memories of friendships and loves lost.  They all say something about making bad decisions when they were young ? as if they were the only ones who did and now they have to apologize to someone ? to themselves ? for it.  Even after I remind them that everyone believes they have made horrible mistakes, they still feel the need to apologize to me. Not giving ourselves a break ? this is the haunting of the past.When I started writing this, my life was very different. Now, only a few days later, I see that there are so many other things that can haunt: loneliness, doubt, silence. I wonder now if those things have always been with me, only hiding when I have something to lean on and reappearing when I¡¯ve lost the ground under my feet.  They are there to define me by my weaknesses whenever I stop walking through them long enough see them and remember they are there.  And just like ghosts, as soon as I stop allowing them to be, they disappear again. ""Dear Mom,Here we go again mom. I'm stuck in your mememory sometimes, and ever since you died, I think about you everyday. Im not stuck in the past though, dont confuse it please. I have completely moved on, I believe. I've found when I look at your pictures, or pictures of us that I am happy. I enjoy seeing us together or seeing you when I thought you were happy. I try to pretend that you never left that your still here, or one phone call away. In reality, your not, and will never be. Which does in fact scare the shit out me. I try to face the fact that your gone. That you never got to see who I am now, or what I will be one day. I wish I could show you everything. Better said in his words:"" I know if I had one more day, it would leave me wishin still for one more day with you""""Don't let anyone tell you what is right or what is best for your life. Do what is best for yourself and follow your heart. Stand tall and stand by your decisions, but always be prepared to admit your mistakes and admit when you were wrong.I have made a big decision in my life about my future. My family and friends have been very supportive of that decision, but there are some people that haven't. At first I let it get me down until I realized that I am the one that has to live my life and no one else can do it for me. So, I shouldn't let a few non-supporters choose the direction of my future. I have to do what is best for me. You should do the same.""Anywayyyyyy. Last Sunday I spent most of the day over at Amanda's house. I brought her a birthday gift, that she was so surprised to get! I had been sneaky and ordered a limited edition Belle and Chip ornament that she wanted but wouldn't buy for herself. And we re-arranged the spare bedroom in the house. It kinda became a ""catch all"" type room and that's not cool. We were going to do that a couple months ago and never got around to it. After that we went to Koch Arena and saw Maroon 5. That was the other part of her birthday gift. We were approx 4th row. About 10 feet away from Adam Levine. Good times!Thanksgiving was okay. My sister was sick. My aunt/uncle and cousins came over and ugh, my aunt really drives me bonkers anymore. She brought 30 pounds of turkey (and a bunch of other food) for 9 people. Can we do the math on that? Whatever. My cousin Tori, who is only 7 years old, wasn't feeling too great while she was here. At some point she got feeling worse and ended up throwing up. She was miserable, but my freaking aunt/uncle didn't feel the need to leave. She threw up at least twice more before they thought to take her home.After they left...I noticed the time and hurried outside in time to see the ISS and Space Shuttle Atlantis flying over. It was right on schedule as the news had reported it would be. Definitely one of the coolest things I've seen in a while. It only looked like 2 very bright lights moving across the sky but still very cool to watch.I played phone tag with David all week. He called me on Monday to invite me to dinner that he had planned with Virleena. I've never been a fan of that girl, so I held out for my own dinner plans with him. We met up at Cheddar's on Friday night even though I felt like total crap. I'm convinced that I was exposed to the flu on Thursday. David's wife was very nice, though the language barrier was difficult. She's Japanese, and speaks way less English than I expected. David seems quite content with her, which is good. Stephanie was there too. I love that girl like a sister. She's had a rough time this year, 22 years old and divorced. I'm going to make a bigger/better effort to keep in touch with her now that I have her number again. Hanging out with the Lewis siblings is exactly what I needed. A dose of 2 of my favorite people on the planet. No matter the time apart and distance between us, it's like nothing ever changed. There are things I would've liked to talk with David about, but it just didn't happen. Oh well. Unfortunately, I won't get to see him again during this visit. He and Natsumi are headed back to Japan tomorrow morning. It always bums me out to know that I won't get to see him again for months on end - but life goes on. Something funny though, David is one of my best friends, but I learned something about him that I never knew! Not an interest - just an off the wall amusing fact.""THERE WAS SO MUCH THAT WAS GOODUltimately, not good enough, on one side or another, but pretty nice while it lasted.My first husband, Bill, wanted a motorcycle goddess wife with toddlers floating around inside the white picket fence. The motorcycles were all right by me, but not the toddlers. And the man was hung. I hadn't set out to marry a guy who was hung like that, but I was not about to turn it down when it happened. I wanted to smoke hashish every night when I got home from work at the Welfare Department, and have cream of wheat for supper and finish my Master's Thesis. And occasionally...oh, never mind.It is indeed a different world than it was 40 years ago. Grinnin' Sinner chastises me for not realizing that things will be even more inequitable twenty years from now. I don't understand his point. Unless he's hoping that some of us who have a few dimes and quarters to spare might subsidize his book.Hey. Listen. I recycle plastic drinking straws and live in a tiny house in rural central NC. Not Los Angeles. Works for me. So quit fussing. Ultimately, it sounds as though my (and/or others) taxes pay for your subsistence. That's okay. Unless you put me down for going along with the system that pays your way. In which case, you might want to hush. Or at least blush.""I'm so far behind with my blog writing that there is no use trying to make up for it. I do want to document some of the fun things that I've done recently though.A couple weeks ago a bunch of us got together for a ""friend family"" dinner. Amanda and Ryan, Audra, Laila, and me. Something we haven't done since the summer! We went out to dinner and then back to the Ashby house where we helped Audra put together the wedding gift she should've made a couple months ago. All the while we were listening to Johnny Cash music. Good times!Last weekend I met up with Angel and we acted like 14 year olds. Seriously. I'm 26 years old and I lived through the boyband craze in the 90/early 00's without being one of those omg-i-will-cry-because-I'm-so-excited type girls. I never stood in long lines or camped out overnight to get tickets to something. To be in the middle of a crowd like that was really entertaining. We stood in line at a movie theatre for an hour so we could get good seats to see The Twilight Saga: New Moon. Really, it's kind of embarrassing to admit that, but we did it. And at least we weren't the oldest people in line. :P Drooled over Taylor ""Jailbait"" Lautner for 2 hours. I liked the movie, because it was true to the book. At the same time, the book was my least favorite of the series. For me, seeing this one was just a requirement to start waiting for Eclipse next summer. I know I'll love that movie, for sure, and it will probably make me cry. What? I have a soft spot for Jacob, and his pain.""My heart is beating whenever I see him, It¡¯s too hard to hide it.I don¡¯t remember since when. He was not my type. He is too tall for me and I¡¯m not good at typical handsome boys.Might be I like him. He makes me smile a lot. He makes me happy always.I wish he wouldn¡¯t pretend.I can¡¯t make him smile and 'm not his interest. It¡®s sad.""Why is it that the second a song becomes heard of, be it by a friend, your whole group of friends, or even the media in general, suddenly you feel you own the right to it. I often worry this trend is becoming more and more popular; what with the ease through which we can download music these days, pretty much everyone has access to the same music as everyone else. Nothing remains personal, it's all out there and once it hits the mainstream and gets overplayed you know there's no going back. Suddenly that song that's stuck around your top 25 most played for the last 4 and a half years, is suddenly the one that makes you want to tear your hair out and fill your ears with cotton candy every time you hear it played.Perhaps there's a bonus to this though. Our natural instinct to solve problems kicks in, prompting us to ensure there's music out there that we can always keep personal. Now I don't mean we should go and kidnap awesome artists and bands, I'm talking about originality. When we dislike the way someone makes our drink what do we do? Make it ourselves: make it better. There's nothing stopping all these people who complain about the lack of less mainstream music from getting their hindquarters off of their computer chairs and going out there to make their own. Music actually is EVERYWHERE. What do we need to make it really? A little creativity, and despite how much people may disagree I think it's fair to say everyone maintains a pinch of that. Everything we say throughout the day comes from our own mouths (hopefully), we create our words. Our inner sense of who we are creates a personality for us. There is no such thing as a lack of innovation: there's another special word for that. It's just pure laziness."As it has been college Spring Break here in the Sunshine State Capital (Ha, sunshine state...yeah right!) I have had and abundance of spare time while at work seeing as all the students aren't currently on campus to bother me.. In the branch, there is a TV which scroll's the company's "top news updates" or well...its opinion. BUT, today, something on it got me very excited. Just half-heartedly watching the entertainment new updates, suddenly my eyes were WIDE open, they are now making a movie out of the book i JUST finished reading, Something Borrowed by Emily Giffin. Though it is by no means a literary masterpiece , it is a book that sucks you in from the  her best friend, Darcy, who was the "it-girl" all her life, handed everything she wanted and getting any boy she wants. On Rachel's 3oth birthday, she is still singe (despite her plans to be happily married with children by then) while Darcy is engaged to Dex (a handsome, charming, intelligent man Rachel went to law school with, and introduced Darcy to because she thought she didn't have a shot in hell). After a long night of drinking and partying for her birthday, she finds herself in bed with beginning. It is a story of a tell-tale good girl, Rachel, who has always been a good friend toDex the next morning!! (No worries, I didn't ruin anything, all this info is on the front cover!!) The rest of the novel (or well book, not so sure it deserves the term novel) is the story of the decisions Rachel and Dex must make following their mistake that night. Well not that the synopsis is over, i shall tell you why I was so excited... Ginnifer Goodwin was chosen to play Rachel in the movie-adaption of the book! she is absolutely perfect! She is beautiful, but ofter times over looked, and seems like a wholesome sweet girl! Maybe also because I felt like the character of Rachel is based off of how my life will be when I'm 30, I truly related to her...BUT another exciting part...John Krasinski is playing Dex! Not so sure how he'll pull of the tall dark and handsome thing...he's cute not handsome. but he is a fabulous actor! I will give an update on who the rest of the actors are when I find out! And more updates as the movie progresses! But that was my RAVE for the day!"everytime i look at those pictures, everytime i hear the name, everytime it just crosses my mind. i feel like i¡¯m going crazy, all these thoughts bouncing from edge to edge in my mind. always there, but at least sometimes they¡¯re skirting around the edges instead of blaring straight into my thoughts.my heart drops straight into my stomach, same feeling every time. almost like how it feels when i take my pill.. but it¡¯s like. the bad version of it. the version that causes me anxiety instead of getting rid of it.my thoughts are one giant cluster fuck, i¡¯m sick of this thing every body else calls life.i sleep whenever i can, because my constant night terrors are better than dealing the cold hard truth that is reality. i can¡¯t handle this, and that¡¯s all i know.¡°Its a bad night to be alone, but thats the way it goes.¡±i hate the feeling when you're full on sleep, too the point where all you want is to just sleep, but your mind is going through the awful thing that is thinking. nothing else sounds slightly okay. sleep is the escape from a bitter reality. "It was never so much what he said, it was what he did not say. He woke up and got ready for work and said nothing. He came home from work and changed his clothes, lay on the couch until dinner and said nothing. He came to the dinner table with a newspaper and read it instead of talking to or looking at his children. After dinner he lay on the couch and watched television until he went to bed, saying nothing. I mean this literally. The man could go for months and say nothing to any of his kids. He tried very hard to ignore my mother as well. When I was in my teens my conversations with him revolved around him telling me to pick up the telephone, or that a friend was at the door, or to not play the music so loud, and basically that was it. Not only did he emotionally cut himself off from me by not speaking, he rarely made eye contact with me either. (This is also how he treated my brothers, although as the only girl, I got the worst of it)"Please enlighten me:Why, my dear friends, is it that I develop a raging sore throat the entire five day stretch of night shift? And why haven't I called in sick?Is there a reason my labs ferociously shake and whine when it's time for breakfast, while my mutt won't leave the bed?Come to think of it, why do I have three dogs?Why do I want to sleep all the flippin' time?What is it about a banana that just isn't complete without peanut butter?Next explain to me why a woman expects me to believe that her water broke, when she's really pissing her pants?Purposely, may I add.What am I doing writing here when I told myself I'd bike six miles to the river?  Are the exercise gods going to curse me!?A cup of joe, music, and my cat = my recent comforts. Anyone care to explain?Why do I feel that that I am missing something big,and please explainthis disconnection.""My last post made me realize that I've made it easy for myself to bash relationships and friendships simply because they never worked out the way that I wanted them to, and that I should instead look to the friendships that touch my heart and keep me, for the most part, sane. So I'm going to dedicate this post to Gwen.My favorite book happens to be Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood. Corny, I know. But the reason I love this book, aside from the mother-daughter-feud dynamic, is the fact that friendships can last throughout the years. Friends can stay friends, even if at some point or another they end up threatening each other's lives. It is possible to have a friend to go through life's stages with, and still be able to sit down one day when we're old and gray over a cup of tea (most likely laced with rum) and talk about how our years progressed and how we changed so much.The person I see sitting across the table from me when I'm old and gray would be Gwen. Sure, there are other people I want sitting at that table with us, but for the most part Gwen is the clearest image I can see so far.""Having found myself with an unexpectedly free day, I blitzed next week's lesson plans, wasted some time (as usual) on the net, then thought ""OK, what now?""A quick squint in the kitchen cupboards gave me an idea. When one of my flatmates recently moved out, she left behind half a jar of peanut butter (hope she didn't want it back!) Can't stand the stuff on its own, or on bread, but I hate waste so I (w)racked my brain trying to think of something to do with it. DING! Peanut butter cookies! Google searches told me I probably needed butter and eggs, but I had neither and no money to buy any, so I cobbled together the contents of various vegan versions from the net and set to work. Flour, peanut butter, bicarb, sugar, olive oil, cinnamon and nutmeg were all whipped together in a bowl which may have been a little too small resulting in bits of the mixture regularly flying out of it and across the kitchen. But finally I had something that I looked like cake/biscuit mix.As there are no baking trays here, nor did I have any greaseproof paper, I had to turn the main tray from the oven upside down and coat it in butter! Thus making them not completely vegan, admittedly.But nearly an hour later, and with the kitchen fairly coated with flour, there were 16 blobs that vaguely resembled cookies happily baking. And 12 minutes later, there they were. Now I have to resist the temptation to eat them all! I think my student tomorrow morning will be getting a little present!""Hecate's Own is getting done. The rain hit, days worth of it, and damn near knocked me on my ass. I'm over a week behind where I wanted to be this year and I've already adjusted my self-imposed schedule to accommodate the suckiness that has been weather in the Northeast. Feh, as my friend Bob would say.I've broken 50k and hope to hit 60k soon. Meat Grinding will then commence, then it's off to the Betas and on with Norwegian Wood!""Father and Grandmother are coming back from the Univ hospital. They wanted to donate their body after their death and they were in hospital.Actually I felt complicated about it in my mind. We had no choice. It's their decision. We had to succeed their will whatever.Father was incredible man. I¡¯m really proud of him. He was tough, laid back and warm-hearted. He worked for Japan defending air force and was placed at Okinawa base alone at a time. I was at the age of puberty and avoided seeing and talking with him. When I got my ears pierced in my high school, teachers had warned strongly and asked stopping cuz such attitude was against the moral of the school then bothered other students. Mother also nagged me and slapped my cheek hearing from them; however, Father was on my side. He said ""it doesn't make sense your behavior makes other students annoyed. it's too conservative. A thing for only sure is that you hurt your ears by yourself. You just have responsibility for yourself."" I've never forget it and I won't.  He was really really great man.I've spent whole spare time with him at his end of a year following him anywhere it's even rugby school. He loved rugby and I figured out he encouraged many kids to be just as they are. At the same time he took a note small things like A could pass the ball to B etc. then he gave kids their possibility and complement. It made them fun to play rugby. He changed much.When I was in Canada a few years ago, he had written to me to say sorry cuz he was strict during my childhood.  He had a second thought about the way to raise children while he was coaching kids to play rugby.He was thoughtful, changeable and modest. Anyway, I miss father so much. Then I want to give him my appreciation and apology for much thing.I can't help crying. I imagine he would try to act, fight and tackle like playing rugby in the next life.  I'm sure.Then he always keeps watching me. I'm sure. I'm sorry that I couldn't see his body burned. Can I say that? Dad was given the medal by the Emperor but I'm sure he wouldn't feel nice but must've been happy 30 kids¡¯s visiting him at the day of his death. When he was diagnosed cancer, he had reported to his friend he was happy for getting cancer cuz his 3 children came back to him. After his death when I found such an e-mail I couldn't help laughing and shedding my tears. How funny it is!! Right?My best friend told me that only good memory would be left in my mind in the future. I wish I would. Mostly I feel like that. That's why I feel sad. I hope we talk about him smiling with my family left. It's kinda my mourning work.""Today I finished the rough draft of Hecate's Own! WOOT!When you look at the word count meter it will tell you I still have roughly 2500 words to go before I hit 60k. Well I can tell you I'm going to break the 60k mark in the Grinder. I already know I need at least two more love scenes. Some questions remain unanswered that really should be in this book. Some questions should be added or deleted for the third book (which is looking more and more like it might be Gareth and Gen rather than Daniel and Kerry). And the final fight scene needs some beefing up.So yeah, by the time I'm done I'm pretty sure I'll hit around 65k. I'm planning on hitting that mark by Monday, at which point I send this off to the Betas. Think I should warn them?""A ¡°thaw-and-serve¡± meal is the industrial version of the TV dinner. It¡¯s the kind of meal that comes out of my cafeteria hotline. Preparing the meal involves thawing it in the oven to about 160 degrees and then serving it. The stuff can go from frozen to ready in twenty minutes. Hamburgers, nuggets, chicken patties, mac and cheese, and pizza are all ¡°thaw-and-serve.¡±Cooking is nearly extinct in the school kitchen, and it makes me wonder how this happened. Once upon a time there were family-style meals at my school with food that was baked, saut¨¦ed, or roasted. ¡°Thaw-and-serve¡± didn¡¯t exist.Making egg salad traditionally involved boiling and peeling eggs. It¡¯s time and labor intensive: pulling the eggs out of the water when the yolks are fully cooked, uniformly yellow, and not tinged with a green ring takes skills.Today, we never have a problem with sulfur-y, overcooked eggs. Our egg salad starts with hardboiled eggs in bags that keep for a surprisingly long time in the fridge. The eggs are perfectly cooked and peeled every time! Who knew that you could get eggs like that? Not long after seeing eggs in a bag in my school kitchen, I spotted them at one of my favorite grocery stores.In schools, food isn¡¯t the priority, clearly. Often times, it isn¡¯t in our homes either.Part 2: How my school went from family-style meals to ¡°thaw-and-serve¡± feed lots.""Did you imagine them? Good.I remember the day I was heading back from Columbus and stopped at wendy¡¯s to purchase some chicken nuggets for the drive.  A ""new menu item"" caught my eye and I decided to live dangerously and try it out. These nuggets were delicious!  I continued home to toledo and went to wendy's the next day in order to procure some more of the delightful nuggets but soon found out that they were only a limited offer in a limited area.  If only I had known I could have bought more of them just outside of Columbus.  I¡¯m sure they would have traveled well being 98% preservatives and 2% outstanding deliciousity. That was the last time i would have the opportunity to shove those reddish chunks of deep fried heaven into my face.Here is my proposal.  We all need to post ""bring back wendy's spicy chicken nuggets"" in our status updates.  Enough of us together can make a difference!We need to use this great opportunity to take back the power they're trying to steal from us!I¡¯d like to point out now that by kudoing you are agreeing to the terms and conditions contained within this blog.  if i find out later that you used your status update to promote your own market agenda legal action may (or may not) be taken!I¡¯m not saying everyone ""has"" to do this but i'll probably think less of you if you don't."So today's been somewhat of a lovely forecast outside, the suns beaming, and theres a slight wind, but comparing to the amount of snow we've gotten this year, this weathers brilliant. And yes, im stuck inside rehearsing my song for the competition which is 3 days away oh joy. Well i've had some what a productive day to say the least, i arose at 6 o clock to find the sun would like to come out at this time, and as i was staying at my dads, my sisters curtains arent at all that thick, so i was kept awake from that moment on, around 9ish i decided to drag myself out of the pit (Y). I took a lovely stroll to the shops with my father to take the only advantage i could of this weather, cus god only knows what its forecast tomorrow! I've decided to give the kitchen a new look as i seemed to drop bolognese sauce everywhere, i guess i thought i could multi-task whilst holding hot food, turns out... i can't! I also helped Jes with her little issue on blogger, so i feel accoplished that i helped someone today without even leaving the house (Y) score. So yeh, now im sat, writing out all the lyrics to the song that must be learnt to take to rehearsals later on with my mentor, and not having a printer actually sucks. And to top it all off, my college prospectus' have arrived now i need to actually choose which one i wana go to. I have no idea. Tbqh, im happy not being at college oh well :( pub tonight? much deserved i say ;D "So today went really well which made me ecstatic. I barely smoked. I maybe had 3 again. I didn't have the urge to drink; the taste of alcohol is no longer in the back of my throat. I had full meals all day, which later on down the line will help with losing weight. There are two new goals I would like to this life changing choice.One is:Lose weight. I'm not unhappy with the weight I am currently at, but I know I could be smaller. So, starting tomorrow I am gonna start walking and watching what I eat. Eating healthy won't be an issue, because if I tell my mom that I want to start losing weight, she will buy me healthy food.Two is:Abstinence. Yes, that's right people. I am going to stop having sex. I am tired of guys only wanting sex. So from here on out, I'm going to truly see what it is that guys really want.If you can't accept the above, please don't talk to me. This is decisions I have made that I will accomplish. They are all to prove to myself and to better myself.""Jeans today - You know what that means: WORK BLOGGING! Thursdays are my favorite day, and just can't be ruined with the restraints of dress pants. I know, I have set goals, which include wearing dress clothes to work Mon - Fri, but lets live a little. According to People: Style Watch, jeans are appropriate in the work place when paired appropriately.I couldn't help myself, anyway. Club Closet was in full effect as I was getting ready for work this morning. If you aren't familiar with Club Closet, you are in for a treat. It includes one DJ (me) who is also the featured artist, two to three dancing fools (me, husband, and possibly attic man) and our small walk-in closet. We were rocking Lady Gaga. As a result of the atmosphere in said closet, People: Style Watch might tell me I didn't pair appropriately.....but I'm over it.""Who is Attic Man?"" you might ask. I think it's time for me to share about how I'm convinced that someone is living above my apartment in my attic: Attic Man. His existence is quite convenient for me. Let me give you some examples: Where did I put my keys? Attic Man! He must have moved them. Why is no laundry done: Attic Man! He hid the dirty clothes. Where is the remote control? Attic Man! He was probably watching MTV or BRAVO while I was at work, and left it somewhere weird. You get the picture.When Attic Man's existence is not convenient for me, however, is when I'm at the apartment alone. Suddenly Attic Man turns really creepy and could come out of the attic access in the closet at any moment and take me up into his lair with him. And I don't even want to picture that creeper up in my attic, living in the dark.Attic Man is pretty quiet for the most part and doesn't usually cause problems-just when he leaves the dishes on the counter or in the sink or drinks the rest of the milk. It's debatable as to whether or not these things are indeed Attic Man, or someone else that lives in my apartment with me..........One time, though, Attic Man caused the light fixture in my closet to mysteriously fall to the ground in the middle of the night one time. That was on the more creepy side of The Attic Man Saga, more of which I'll share later!Viva Club Closet, featuring VIP Attic Man!!Until next time! "Wow, this is Bruce! I just put that in the mail on Monday!  I do apologize. After I already sent it, Terri said that the video was poor because of camera placement. She really made it for us to hear the audio. I did not see a copy (I got it Sunday night). Let me know if you want a better video.  I hope you like it all!"I¡¯m having one of those days. You know the ones where you feel like utter crap and life lacks purpose. I¡¯m having one of those moments where I realize I can¡¯t keep doing what I¡¯m doing and expecting the same results. You can¡¯t wait around for someone to change things for you. It will never happen. In the end you can only really depend on yourself. You are your own ambassador and mascot. You control how your life is lived, what you do and say and ultimately your own happiness and success. I have been very fragile for some time now. I have let people, circumstances and things get on top of me. I have got used to being emotionally weak and sensitive and have not challenged myself to stand up and fight. I am far too nice and people take advantage of it. I can¡¯t blame anyone but myself because I have LET it happen. I don¡¯t want to loose that soft side of myself but I do need to learn to protect it when I need to. My anxiety has gotten worse and worse to the point where I have become agoraphobic and it has started to consume and run my life. I miss being me. I miss being the sociable, bubbly, crazy, fun, free spirited party girl. I miss my old friends who I haven¡¯t seen in so long, and my best friends who I only see every couple of months. I miss a love life. I miss working fulltime. I miss having hope in my heart. I miss my life. From this moment on I need to show myself that I can be STRONG. I will not let anyone put me down or let anyone tell me that I can¡¯t do something. From this moment I shall seek out my own happiness. I shall seek out my friends and loved ones that I miss. I will get on TOP of my anxiety one step at a time. I will confront my fears HEAD ON!! I am a deserving human. I deserve happiness. And with my family and friends beside me I know I can accomplish anything!One of my closest friends was extremely homophobic when I first met her. It¡¯s not something she understood and she felt very threatened by it because of that. I never judged her for this but as we became closer friends and she got to know and understand me she became much more open. She is now one of my best friends and no longer feels threatened by bisexuality/homosexuality. If anyone needs someone to talk to about this subject feel free to email, comment or message me. If you disagree Id be happy to have a lovely debate with you. :) I am always willing to listen to other peoples point of views. And remember LOVE IS LOVE people.""I am a volunteer at a local hospital. This started as a way for me to get hours for my nursing application. I have since completed the hours needed for that application, but I have stayed on, both as a means of experience and as a set amount of time each week that I can have freedom from the little girl and she can have independence from me. But I digress. I have much enjoyed my volunteer time, feeling both valuable and productive in the world. Today (though I did feel both those things) I experienced what I had not been missing from the working world: coworker irritation.There is a particular clerk who has asserted himself quite clearly as superior in any circumstance he can. While it's true that he has been accepted into and been attending the nursing program that I, myself have applied for, I hardly think this qualifies him as superior. For starters, he lacks tact, compassion, and approachability, and these are not just by my own judgement. There have been instances (beginning the day I met him) that I found him less than courteous, but I'll focus on today.I had been instructed by another clerk that I could log in to the computer system with their password, and as I had been asked to watch the desk today, I did so in order to have access to the most current patient list for incoming phone calls or visitors. When the previous clerk above returned to the desk, he proceeded to reprimand me for this in a tone that was accusatory and derogatory. I am not opposed to criticism per se, and I would certainly want someone to inform me if I should use a different method, etc. I am a volunteer and don't presume to know everything, but I am appalled at the tone and judgement of this clerk. He is just downright rude. And let's face it, I'm working for free. Doing his job. How about a little gratitude!""Busy. Busy. BUSY. Little time to think, even less to feel. Except at night. Thank God you are too exhausted to keep your eyes open for very long, so the tears that fill your eyes don't make it to the pillow before you fall into restless sleep.You feel like your ass has been kicked emotionally and physically; that fall up the stairs was just what you needed to wrap up the week. Sigh.Now it's Saturday night and.......""let me just start off by saying:do not. i repeat. DO NOT go to the bathroom when there is NO toilet paper to be found in the house. that is just not a good situation to be in. trust me. just experienced it first hand. it not only makes you angry, it makes you sad. and confused. b/c it's like, ""wtf do i do now???""but i digress....just practiced some guitar. have my lesson tomorrow. i'm a really bad music student. can i just say that?? i like, never, practice what i'm really supposed to. i just practice whatever i want. that's prob why my technique is so awful. i should really be playing my book stuff. but i don't. b/c that's boring. instead i have printed off tabs and am practicing that. haha currently trying to learn bubbly by colbie caillat. i have kinda taught myself every rose by poison as well as blackbird by the beatles. i can't play them WELL. but i can muddle my way through them. i should prob practice what i'm supposed to though....eh. moving on.contemplating keeping in contact with my bro...it's a tough decision for me to make. i've talked to him a few times while my rents have been in england...(oh ya ps, my rents are in england and i've been house/dog sitting). i feel guilty but at the same time am so angry at him. it is quite the conundrum.this week was week one of working out. i have gotten up every morning at 530 am and gone to the gym for an hour. then i went to work from 830-6 ish every night. i'm pretty tired. but so proud of myself for going! :o) but it's not going to do much good if i can't change my diet. hahaha prob should work on that too....one thing at a time! i have cut down on drinking! lol i don't drink every weekend anymore. just a couple times a month. lol that's pleasing.omg i got pulled over! ya. totally forgot that happened. it's a $90 ticket for running a red light people. so don't do that. if my insurance goes up i might be livid....has anyone else noticed that i just merely ramble when i blog??? lol i just did. there is no point whatsoever to this or any other blog i've ever written. hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha i just talk and talk and talk about nothing. lol!! i'm literally hysterical as i write this. lol lol lol holy shit. *sigh*that's all i think....probably going to bed now. loloh! i have a subscription to Cosmo. :o) *smiles* love that dirty magazine. ha!until next time. ""On a happier note, It's Snowing!!!! I know, I know, you think I'm crazy, and your right. Normally, around this time of year, I would be complaining about snow. I would be wining and crying about how cold it is and how much I wished it were spring. The problem is, we haven't had any good snow storms this year. If it is going to be cold there better be snow on the ground, and I don't mean a dusting of snow either. If it is going to be cold I want it to be cold and blizzarding (which apparently isn't a word). I want to curl up on my couch with a hot cocoa and watch movies all day. I want to go sledding or cross country skiing (not like I'll get off my fat but and do it, but I want the option). I want to make snow forts and throw snow balls at my husband. Unfortunately, this winter has been devoid of snow. The roads have been fine. There has been no excuse to stay indoors and do nothing (besides the ""it's too cold"" excuse). I'm sorry all you DCers, but I wish I was you right now. Life is boring here in the cold, windy, not snowy Chicago. Unfortunately, this ""winter weather"" we are having right now isn't even going to give us a foot of snow, so I'm out of luck this year. So, I'll take what I can get right now. Maybe next time.""I knew i liked volunteering at the bird centre but i never realized how much until i started as a full time employee 4 weeks ago. i have never felt more passionate about anything. this really is what i need to do with my life. animal care is my calling. i go in on my days off, i put in unpaid overtime, i go home and cry because i've fallen in love with the sick, it's stressful and overwhelming but there is no where else i'd rather be. i learn new things every hour, and there's still so so much i don't know. i just know i feel as though this is where i belong. now if only i could somehow satisfy that pang in the back of my chest that wants me to wander the planet for months on end...my social life is mostly on hold. one or two times a week i manage to show my face around town but i mostly work and sleep. my next task is finding more time for my pony. i think i'll be going to mtl this sunday evening for A Camp. hope to see some ladies i like""It was perfect weather in Malta. Average of 22 degrees celsius, light breeze, clear skies. Perfect for the half-marathon that we went down for. David's parents and I stopped to take photos and wave him on in support at various stops along the way, which was loads of fun. Luckily, we seem to have brought some of that glorious weather back with us!In other news, I got a job! I'm a little bit nervous about starting so send me some positive vibes, won't you? :)""Just had to blog about today, it's proving to be such a great day. I woke up this morning with a nasty cold, and dragged myself out of bed feeling very sorry for myself. But I am sooo glad I did. I got people to fill in my questionnaires for my dissertation, and the exam results were published. I got results that I am proud of and very happy with, and I'm still in line for my first class honours.On top of that, I spoke to a friend today, who had heard through the ""grapevine"" that there may be a really cool opportunity in the department. I don't want to say too much 'cause it's not a sure thing yet, but it's damn good to even be able to consider it.I'm having such a good year so far, I'm going to Montana in April, I'm busy with a research project with two friends of mine, I'm on the editorial board for the University journal, and now another opportunity is possibly coming my way. All the hard work is starting to pay off and I'm feeling really positive.I don't mean to brag, and hope that I'm not coming across that way, because the truth is, at times I can't really believe all this is happening to ME. I'm actually just really excited, and grateful for everything that is coming my way.Now all I have to do is find enough time in the day for everything! ;D ""UGH School...I'm at school right now and it sucks. I hate high school. I mean im not gonna remember high school like others did. Like my mom and dad. Heres why. I'm going to not use the word hate because its a very strong word and yeah. Anyways. I have to say i very DISLIKe my math class because I have like the worst teacher on the whole planet. Shes like this short foreign lady. ( im not a racist im just stating a fact so dont judge me). She has this accent that i Cant really understand. She speaks vietnamese i think. Well anyway she is the most confusing teacher and I can barely understand her. I tryed so hard to focus today. I tryed to listen but then all the stupid classmates are like complaining and yelling !! UGH how do I do this!?!? Anyway so i got this tutor. Hes like really smart and intelligent.  But hes really hard. He goes off what we are learning. Not in bad way but like more in depth math. Which is cool, but hard. Sometimes he gives me problems that he said is fifth grade math and I'm like ""This is not easy!!"" My cousin wouldnt know how to do this! Its hard because i if i get something wrong hell like do this thing with his hands. He'll like cross his heart and say something i forgot. But its kinda funny but its not good. He a really old fashioned guy. Hes older so thats why he is a math wiz.     So I'm worried about school because i like have this focus problem and i dont  have will power i always get people to do it for me but if i really cared i would have to do it myself. Right? And im so distracted by the stupid internet and this blog and facebook. Well I'm in art and the bell is gonna ring soon but yeah. Anyways. I dont really like school right now but if I study and try my best to focus I might actually do better.""So I suppose I should consider my rock star lifestyle is catching up with me. I had some sick-ass awesome insomnia in middle and high school (which ultimately lead to amazing creations and major advancement in my art due to lack of better things to do) and it's been back for the past few days or so. I just can't sleep at night, and by the time the sun comes around I'm so awake it's beyond me. I've been catching naps before work, but I'm not sure if that's helping. Maybe it's all the stress.But what stress? I got my car back the other day, so that's great news. I got a kick ass assistant helping me find a new pad by the end of the month, and I have a nice new addition to my life *(more on that later- I can't disclose who or what it is. Not a baby tho. Cause fuck, we all know I would fuck that up).Anyway- the point is I can't sleep at night. The only time I'm tired is from 6pm to midnight for some god fucking unreasonable reason that is a complete mystery. Wtf am I suppose to do about it? I tried to take a nap on Friday and I slept through the entire shift on accident.This is sorta but not unlike those three weeks where I woke up every day at seven fucking am in the morning. No reason didn't matter how much prior sleep, just 7am- eyes open, and always very hungry. I thought about getting some early ass day job to fill the time.I'm so exhausted staring at this screen at my 26th hour of awakeness. I know that if I shut my eyes I'll just be awake at 12am and the whole shitty process starts over again. Especially because I have to be some fucking where at 4pm.My brain acts like a wild teen independent of my will.Oh yea. I almost forgot- I totally found my ""sports injury cream"" and I'll be rubbing the shit out of my knees with it. Sweet sweet pain relief. They were starting to scare me with the ""popping"" sounds and discomfort. I can feel safe in the fact this is 2010 though, so robot knee technology is just around the corner.""Yesterday I finally got the result of Toefl ibt. It was really good: 109. I was so nervous before I pressed the button to reach out the score and there were thousands of butterflies in my stomach. But eventually that was it. In an instant I broke down because of the joy actually.Now I am on the way to my dream. I have finished the first step of preparation of going abroad, which is to take part in English exams and make the best of myself out of it.In some sense, I believe God is blessing me or I should say my grandpa, who passed away all of a sudden five years ago.He is in the heaven and is watching on me all the time.It perhaps sounds familiar to most of my friends because it was ever classic line in a Korean TV series. I didn't get the opportunity to see the series until recently in my leisure time have access to it on the school net. I was so intensely touched and deeply moved that I couldn't help crying out from time to time.Then I draw the conclusion from it that one, who is full of love inside his or her heart, is not pathetic at all even if they live lonely in the world without any companions. True love will leave a long-lasting impression to those who engaged in even with the limited and transient time to share with one another.I am sorry I can' t stay with you in this world, but please remember I love you forever wherever I go."My lovelies, I didn't mean to stay away from you for so long but as you might have guessed, life took over and work kept me busy these last few days. I thought I would share my big news with you. Do you remember, I told you last summer some people approached me and ask if I could plan their wedding in Andalusia ? Well at that time, I wasn't too sure and declined the offer. But then the idea of being a wedding planner in the region I fell in love with, became really attractive to me, although it can be quite a daunting task. I started another blog Un mariage au soleil (a wedding in the sun) - which some of you already know - while still working on the website. With the precious help of Monch¨¦ri, I gathered zillions information about suppliers, religious ceremonies, musicians and what not in our area. Having already worked for wedding planners in Paris as a designer, I knew more or less what the job implied. But I still spent numerous hours on Internet reading blogs of American wedding planners which honestly are the best to me and learning from them. And then, it happened. Before Christmas, I received an email from a French couple saying they want to get married in Granada. We exchanged regular emails and they flew over from Paris last week and we met. My first professional appointment as a wedding planner ! As you can imagine, I was impossibly nervous. I assailed myself with questions : am I wearing the right clothes ? do I know enough, what if I can't answer a question ? and so on...The day before their arrival, I left a little welcome package at their hotel and on d-day I picked up the couple at their hotel and we went for lunch in one of the most typical restaurants in Granada. The days after, we went visiting venues. They were absolutely charming and now with a big smile I can tell you that it went really well (meaning I think they will trust me to be their wedding planner). It is a bit early to say anything yet because the wedding will be in 2011 but it looks definitely promising."Hellz Fucking Ya!! Dude that shit rawked!!!. Shinedown~ WOW!!! Those guys. Were the shit. I didn¡¯t know too much of their songs. But 45. RAWKED majorly. Was so fucking packed. That the crowd on the floor BROKE the bairacage. A7X had to stop the show for about 20minutes so that they could fix the damn thing. WOW those guys are HOT as FUCK. After A7X. BUCKCHERRY. WOW. Lead singer. Fucking Gorgeous. To see him humping the air when he was talking about ""Crazy Bitch"" WOW. Not only was I hot.. but my sister's mouth hit the floor.. We Rawked our asses off.To all those Lame ass bitches that backed out on me. Your Fucking Bogus!!.. There¡¯s One TRUE friend that actually went with me. That¡¯s my stoner Buddy Bruce.. Props to you man..So all in all. Was a great fucking night. I had a ball. To all those that missed it. You suck.""OK PEOPLE! Nothing is happening to mine and selenas friendship! They are just rumors!! Honestly i would like to meet the person who came up with that idea! it just irritates me so much when people do this to us! IT IS NOT TRUE ME AND HER ARE STILL SISTERS!! NO ONE OR THING WILL EVER COME BETWEEN US! if you hear something and don¡¯t know ask me about it! Please help spread the word!It will mean a lot to me and selena!I LOVE YOU SELENA.""It is surreal to have my mural here in California... and to see it 2.5 years later, after it has been battered by the elements in Eureka Springs, AR. I painted it with outdoor latex house paint so that it would hold up to rain, snow, UV rays, etc... but nature always wins eventually, and it is time for The Divine Mother to get some well-deserved TLC after all She has been through!While the mural is in good condition, the vibrancy of the colors have faded, and the ancient Egyptian icons I had drawn in with Sharpies had mostly washed away, leaving only their painted silhouettes behind.I am in the process of restoring the mural to its original vibrancy, and both the owner of the painting and I have big plans for another public showing. I don't want to simply display the mural somewhere, however; I created this mural to be displayed in the context of a themed show about icons involving many other artists. Therefore, I am dreaming of collaborating with other artists to create a new exhibit...""No, I'm not pregnant. I guess this is more Matthew's news that I get to share. He will be finishing his Masters program this year and for these past two years Matthew has had a tough time deciding what to do once he graduates. He has gone through many options like medical school, getting a doctorate in Neuroscience, dental school, and others. He really didn't feel quite right about any of them but knew he needed to make a decision. He sent out several dental school applications recently, however in the meantime found another option that he is really excited about. He found podiatry school. He sent out applications and within a week got 4 interviews. I really feel that this is the route we are suppose to take. I have never seen Matthew more excited about a career choice. He loves that he will be going to Medical School but will come out specialized in the foot and ankle instead of graduating from med school and then having to specialize after that. He also loves that he will be doing office visits and surgeries. Matthew has been interviewing and has been accepted to several places and we have made our decision....We will be moving to Arizona!! Matthew will be attending Midwestern University in Glendale, Arizona. We will be moving this summer. I am so proud of Matthew and all that he has done and we are both excited to start this new phase of our life."Who is your favorite superhero? Lately I have been thinking about superheros. I would have to say that my favorite hero would have to be Superman. This is because he has all of the super powers that anyone one could think of. Yes he does have his flaws. Like the fact that he can't touch or even be around kryptonite, which is slightly ironic because he is from the planet Krypton. No matter what his weakness, he is my favorite fictional superhero. In real life though my hero is my mom. For many reasons she she will always be my number one person. She adopted me when I was twelve years old. Many people wouldn't even adopt a child who is that old. But, she did. She shows me greater love than anyone in the world has. She has her super powers as well. She can make a chicken noodle soup that cures any sickness you can think of, she has a hug that can fix a broken heart, words to make any problem no longer a problem. My mom has had her problems, which gives her so much more experience then I will ever have. Who is your superhero, real or fictional?"Gwen has seen me through my worst; death of a loved one, broken heart, betrayal, you name it, she's been there. She's been one of the most sincere friends. She can tell me when I'm absolutely right, or when I'm absolutely wrong. She knows my mannerisms, she knows my personality in and out, she knows who I am and she still choses to stick around. That in my book, is dedication.On the flip side, I know Gwen. I know when she's being way too quiet (usually means something is up), or when she's trying to hide something. I know when she's about to cry, I know when her laugh is sincere. I understand the pain she goes through, in one way or another, because her pain is my pain. I find that I want the best for her, even if it means that some day she might not be as easily accessible as she is now.I guess when it comes down to it, we both have a love and respect for each other. I cant wait to see the old us, sitting around in a kitchen filled with pictures of children and grandchildren, talking about how we were and how we are. I cant wait to know that every part of my life that I have been through, I have shared it with someone who understood me so completely without having to explain anything at all. I cant wait to be an old bum with my best friend Gwen. ""Took a trip home this weekend (rather spontaneously and unintentionally) to see friends and family. Somehow going to see someone at 3 in the morning in the town on the island turned into a weekend of absolute insanity! It's been a while since my family has been 'normal'. After a tragedy which took place 8 years back, things haven't been easy, but we've plodded along as best we could, and I've always felt that my Mum has been an angel for coping with things the way she has. Unfortunately, times are taking it's tole on her and I've suddenly got a great fear I may be losing her to our lovely friend depression. I've always been at a bit of a loss for what to do with my life, and I've always looked at my mum as a reflection of how when times are hard, you can cope. So seeing her crumble under the slightest pressure is tearing me apart. If there is one thing I am certain of from seeing her this weekend, it's that good people in the world never recieve what they deserve. If there is anyone in the world who deserves a snippet of happiness, it's my Mum. Some of the things that have been said this weekend have made me utterly terrified that I could become the sole carer for my younger brothers; this being something I am not remotely ready for. Every inch of my being prays that my Mum will be able to pull through this. Due to this new discovery, I now feel more than ever that it's best I spend the summer home trying to show my Mum and family that life can still be enjoyed. I also need to prove this to myself, as I've started to fall into the defeatist attitude which does nobody any good. Although I'm willing to accept there's a whole world out there, I'm far too willing to allow things to hold me back (such as finances, people etc).. So this summer will be spent pulling myself out of this current rut and enjoying myself... How? I have no idea yet, but I'm sure some ideas will spring to mind!  Jog tomorrow morning? Yes. God save me! I know I'll regret this decision at 6.30am in the morning when I drag myself out of bed. But I'll be pleased when I discover my new toned figure in a few months time ;) Many thanks to my housemate for agreeing to do this with me!Come on Tanya, smile.""i feel like it's all i can think about lately.I'M SO EXCITED!!!i feel such a call to go there and serve those who have almost nothing, who don't know the Lord, and who don't feel like there's any hope. i absolutely cannot wait. this excitment is up there with the excitment of going to Pine Cove (maybe a little more, oh my goodness!) i am iinnnn looovvee with the idea of beginning to go on mission trips, but i want to make sure my heart's in the right place. i've been praying and thinkin about it, and i can truly say that i want to go to Africa to help people and spread the word of Jesus Christ. Yes, i am excited about going to another continent, yes i'm excited about saying that i've had that experience, but that is not the main reason i want to go. i want to make a difference in the lives of those people, i want to do my small part in changing the world. i know i won't be recognizable or remembered specifically, but i want to be a part of something that makes my God smile!Now, i know it's not all fun and games. i have to admit, i'm scared out of my mind. right now, my excitement is sort of masking all of my fears, but i have a feeling that as the date we leave comes closer, i will begin to doubt if i want to do this. but that's my fear talking, and it's time i let all of that go. i will not miss this opportunity! more shots at once then i've ever gotten in my life? if delany can do it, i can do it! malaria medication that COULD cause hallucinations? i'll take my chances and trust in the Lord! my fear of a plance crash, getting kidnapped while there, or starving because of my picky food habits? i'm giving it to God! i need to trust that He'll take care of me. i can do this, with His help...Anyone reading this, please pray for everyone on the trips safety. pray that we will be able to get over there and do the good works that we were sent there to do, and pray that the Lord will work His magic to relieve our fears and help us help others.""I find that there are very few things in life that can't be remedied by dressing up as your favorite superhero. I have been thinking of getting a =W= tattoo as well. I need to represent the one consistency in my life. She is a proud, strong woman. I envy her, yet want to be her. Since I cannot become a Princess of Themyscira anytime soon, nor do I think that Diana is relinquishing her Lasso of Truth, so for now, I'll make pretend.I need to get in on the next Comic Con that is around. I just can't wait to be living in the west, where it will be incredibly easy to attend nerdy events like this and hang out with people who get me.I did try to play D&D in the mall. Hayden wouldn't let me. She ran away embarrassed.You know what? Boys who play D&D are cute. I stand strongly by that statement.I've got to download WoW for my Mac now that I have a nice enough OS to be running it. Then I need to transfer chellechanel on over to a new server so I can start taking people down with Titan's Grip. That's my shit."Its 1:30am and I'm sitting here thinking about my life and how its about to change for the better! In a couple months my baby boy will be here in my arms and as I think of that, things start to race through my mind. How am I gonna raise him to be a gentlemen and treat girls with respect, how am I gonna send him to college, what if something goes wrong? And so many more things are run-in through my mind. I've realized that he is my number one and he his my child and no one is gonna change that. I have to do my best to protect him and give him the best life possible! Camdon, I know he's gonna be a good dad! Burger king fuckked him over bad and he went out the next day and got another job cause of our baby! We both want our baby boy to have the best life and were gonna make it happen! We decided to name the baby karson lowell lee legeman. We have had so many people ask us why karson or why lee lol. We picked karson cause of my dad. My dad has been there for me through thick and thin! Lowell is my grandpas middle name and every day I wish he was here to meet his great grandson! Lee is camdon grandfathers name and we decided to put it in the name because his grandfather has been there when his dad wasn't. I just want everyone to know that we love this baby and karson, mommy and daddy love u and we can't wait for u to come into our lives and make this world a better place! Things are changing and so are camdon and I but its for the better! Karson, we love u baby boy!"After a fantastic three weeks of roadtripping across Texas and into New Mexico with Andrew, we got thrown the biggest curveball yet!Having decided to set up shop in Austin, I did not expect to get a call back from a company who had originally passed me over for a great job. Here's the time table on this one:Last week, they call while Andrew is napping in the car in Spring to tell me nix.I turn to him and say, no need to apply to a Houston school, 'We're moving to Austin!'April 1 Andrew flies back to London to prepare his apartment, visa, etc. for his August move.Consequently, April 1 was also the deadline for UHApril 2 The company calls me to tell me they liked me so much they created a new role for me!Phew. Ugh. Wow. So the money is in Houston. The career building job is in Houston. But Andrew can't go to school in Houston. And building a lif together was the whole point.A late night (for him) call last night brought a lot of comfort. 'We can handle curve balls. It's what we've been doing all along. And we'll hit this one out of the park, too.'What a fantastic person I've found! ""As I'm writing this, I'll have been in Spain a full year (plus about 3 hours!). March 13th 2009 was a big day. I was hugely excited about my big adventure, but at the same time I was completely terrified. I think I said in my first blog that for someone who had been in the same job for 19 years and 11 months, had never been out of the UK for longer than about 4 weeks, and who generally didn't do anything alone, I appeared to be confronting all those things in one huge hit.I've been trying to remember what it felt like on my first afternoon here, but it's difficult. Everything here is now so familiar and normal, that casting my mind back to how it was to be new is really hard. I know I remember that everything smelt, sounded and looked, well, just different. That's always the case in a foreign country but usually it's accompanied by a feeling of ""Well, it's just a couple of weeks on holiday"". But this time, no. This was it. Home. One way or another, I was staying.I have no intention of rehashing what's happened in the last year - most of it is on this blog anyway.All I'll say is that I want to thank each and every person who encouraged me, supported me, practically pushed me in some cases, to take the plunge and come here. It's not all been plain sailing, but then staying in the UK probably wouldn't have been either. So thanks to everyone in the UK for wishing me well, keeping in touch and not telling me I'm mad even if you think I am. And thanks to all my friends in Spain for welcoming me, helping me out and making the last year such a memorable one.Without wishing to sound like an Oscar acceptance speech, I want to mention (in no particular order):Louise, Andy, Debbie, Cathy, Dade, Sid, Julie, Mum, Hannah, Dad, Eve, Jorge, Nacho, Ann, Pedro (both of them!), Richi, Bev, Kim, Donna, Krizstina, Mariano, Gabriel, Lizzie, Javi, Jos¨¦ Luis, Richard, Max, Alex, Nat and Moira. Without you I either wouldn't be here at all, or wouldn't be having as much fun!!!""Time to work on my novel.I wish I knew where to start.Character names. I want meaning.I just hate that it feels so forced.My body is just as exhausted as my mind. Albeit, work isn't a mentally straining activity, I think that my decision to try to tackle a near 6 miles at the gym today likely had that effect on me.Chemistry outline. No go. Chemistry homework. Double no go. Chemistry lab. Triple no go.Novel? Wish I felt inspiration. Someone inspire me.Yearbook? Absolutely behind. I need to put this at the top of my priority list. My exhaustion and stress is just causing everything to look so bleak. I need to design the cover. Upload things. Inspire people, when inspiration is what I am lacking.I need a new band to listen to. Suggestions? Share them with me, I'd greatly appreciate it. I feel like there is little inspiration in the world surrounding me currently.I just want to read Shakespeare. Everything seems better when his words pass my eyes. Something about everything he has to say. I wish he were alive today, I need a man who understands me the way he does. Current obsession: A Midsummer Night's Dream. Something so real about the irony in this play that makes me appreciate our inability to love those we should, and instead, chase that which we cannot possess. It's a sad state of affairs.I just need inspiration. Let me reiterate that. Someone. Anyone. Inspire me.I need to be reminded why I love the world, and why I want to spend the rest of my life describing my love for everything around me.Thank you, and goodnight.I suppose I should utilize my writing toward a more productive outlet.. more commonly known as, my novel.""Yes i realize that i have already written a blog today but after becoming a blogger so many different topics have played on my mind and i really need to get this one out of my head before it is all that i think about.Music can change a persons mood, it can fill in as background noise or it can be the reason many people are gathering in the one location but my question tonight is; Is music really so influential on peoples lives?I ask this because i just finished watching a DVD or pinks latest tour. now its no secret that i am a die hard pink fan, but her music has helped me through some very hard times in my life. For as long as i can remember i have listened to her music and learnt all of her songs word for word trying to learn hat they are about and their meanings. Now I'm not saying every one else is a die hard fan of hers but every person has at least one band that they love unconditionally, my partners for example is Korn.The thought that has continued to run through my mind all day is ""does music influence others the way it does me?"" I'd really like to know, because i know in my life every time i look back on a hard part, a good part, the times that always make me cry and the times that always make me laugh, the on common denominator is music, different types for different moods or occasions but still music.let me know if music influences your life or if u turn to music when you are having a hard time, id really like to hear your opinions."" woke up in a bit of a grumpy mood this morning. I think because I had an absolute craptastic nights sleep due to excessive worrying and stressing over a friend in trouble at the moment, money issues, an ex that¡¯s upset me and various other things that seem to nag and niggle at my brain when I lye down to try and sleep. It¡¯s frustrating how at the very time you want to be relaxing, all these things start running around in your head and causing chaos. I think if anyone could actually read my thoughts they would get exhausted just listening in, I know I do. Isn¡¯t it bizarre how you can be lying there doing absolutely nothing however the over thinking and analyzing leaves you feeling utterly exhausted. I¡¯ve always been a bit of a worrier if I¡¯m honest with myself, because I tend to care way too much about everyone and everything that is going on. Most of the time though it doesn¡¯t effect my sleep because I make myself daydream about wonderful things which then blocks out the stress and lulls me to sleep. Lately that hasn¡¯t been working and I¡¯m kind of at a loss of what to do.  Last night I read for three hours straight until I finally drifted off to sleep.  If anyone has some ideas on how to help do let me know.But anyways, on a happier note I¡¯m really enjoying blogging. According to myspace my blog has had 70 views this week. That¡¯s kind of cool. Pity there hasn¡¯t been much of the way of comments because I would really love to get feed back from who ever is reading it, and from fellow lovers of all things creative. But then again I¡¯m doing this for me, not for anyone else so either way I¡¯m happy, it¡¯s just a lot of fun."Life, ok, has its ups and downs. But can be truly amazing. Im sat in my room drinking good ole Sprite, and munching on galaxy cookie (: nom nom. But yehh, recently i haven't been feeling my usual happy self. The other night i sorta had a "breakdown" as such. And the people that helped me through it, were the people i would atleast expect. They helped me alot. They made me see the light again. Cus tbh they were right, I have the most amazing friends ever, ok they're will always be some people to put me down, most times, its for no good reason. Only to make themselves feel better, carry on, cus you ain't bringing me down. I know if i am ever down, my friends, are always there to pick me back up. I have a good bunch. My family, are my rocks tbqh. They are defo there for me through thick and thin (: Life can be cruel at times, and theres always something to make you feel like shit, but you gota remember, your never alone. They're are people out there who have no-one to turn to. So i guess im saying, im glad i do. I wouldn't be anything without you guys. I owe you everything. I love you. """Grass, ah grass."" This is but one of the many musings my husband has uttered in his sleep over the years. He has also fought great armies, urging me alongside, and sold God knows how many home improvement supplies. (He works for a home improvement company.) It has been very amusing to listen to him and even try to get him to converse (successfully sometimes)! Sometimes he simply mumbles, and I can't understand a thing!Well, I don't really know the inception of sleep-talking, but as an educated guess I would say there must be something genetic about it, because in the last couple of months, little girl has been sleep-talking too! Her vocabulary is limited in comparison and she only speaks 1-2 word sentences awake (though she does say over 60 words), so her sleep-talking has been limited to one word per instance. The first time she called out one of our dogs, ""Lola!"" I checked on her, and was surprised that she was sound asleep. The second was, ""Dad!"" and then just last night ""Close!"" First of all, it tickles me that she calls these words out, like she is shouting them to someone. Then the choice of words is interesting. I wonder what she is dreaming about in that little head of hers. . . .""Here's the idea.  The first person asks a question beginning with ""Would you rather...""  The next poster answers the question, and then asks a new question with response..I'll start the ball rolling, I have some awesome ones .... but ill start simple.. ;) ( oh btw all questions are fine just dont get sexual pLLEEASEEE((If you do I am not responsible nor will I respond:)) :) Thanks! Make them thought provoking .. ;)MarissaWould you rather go without food for a week or without shelter for a week?""It was a really wonderful day!!  I slept in until 9am - unheard of for me, but woke feeling well rested.  The kids slept in later, so I had the house to myself this morning :-))  Tea and quiet - so peaceful!  I was out until 11:30 last night with my girlfriends.  We are planning a weekend away in June for the 55th birthday of my good friend Susan #1.  Susan #2 has a family cabin/house on Big Lagoon in California - so we are going to take a road trip down there and spend 3 days of just ""girls"" - there will be five of us and it will be so much fun!Today was a basketball game for the youngest - they won, which was very nice!!  Then the kids went to dad's for the day and I hung out with my buddy Angela.  We went to Walmart for a sewing machine (which they no longer carry), then on to Michael's, then Ikea.  I got all the things I wanted (except the cheap sewing machine).  Then we walked down the block from my house to this little Italian restaurant for dinner.  All in all, a good day - very relaxing!On the art front not much happened today - I was too busy socializing.  But I did want to show you this sweet little china box made in Occupied Japan, that I found weeks ago.  I just discovered it's a perfect fit for my 52 List for 2010 cards.  Check it out...Tomorrow I will be staying home all day and playing with my art supplies, so I hope to have something to show you Sunday evening...all for tonight my lovelies - sweet dreams,and to all my friends in the Pacific - stay safe - I am thinking of you tonight!!!""But this is no philosophy essay. After second year's 20th Century French Thought, I vowed never to delve into the subject in great depth ever again. However, I can say from experience that languages encapsulate humanity. The death of a language marks the death of an entire way of thinking, of self-justification, self-understanding and identity. Hector Kollias of King's French Department could do a much better job of explaining it than I ever could. You want more, email him.I have to spend my day speaking and understanding German and it is then that the true strength of a language to shape its speakers really comes into play. In English, you can beat about the bush. ""Erm... excuse me, sorry, I was wondering... you wouldn't mind awfully if I happened to take this seat, would you?"". It's a language of apology, indirectness and implications. German? No such luck. These structures simply don't work. If you want the chair, you bloody well ask if you can take the chair. No bones about it. You say what you mean and nothing else. Yes, of course they have their idiomatic phrases - have you had a nose full of someone recently? If you have an exam, do you press your thumbs for luck?"I still miss my father. I do not remember when it was he officially left me. There is a picture in a photo album of my oldest brother, our father, and myself. We were at a park or zoo; I was at most 4. I had two braids in my hair, with pink ribbons, that matched the pink teddy bear I was holding. I was gazing past the camera with a sad/angry/angsty look on my face. My brother was eating popcorn and gazing left and not looking too happy. Our father was gazing right; he did not look happy either. Was it just a bad day the three of us were having? Probably the four of us because I assume it was our mother taking the picture. It was a picture of our family, but not of a family. Even then we were all painfully unhappy."I can't come up with a cohesive theme for this blog entry, but I'm blogging anyway.The girls all did a homeschool gymnastics class today and they all liked it enough that they want to do it again. At $5 per kid, per class, I'm happy with that. It was the first time we've been to a ""real"" gymnastics place, as opposed to a gymnastics class put on by a community center. Irina had a blast, especially. She had a bit of trouble figuring a few things out, but overall she did fine. Tomorrow we have our weekly park day with the Life Learners and I have one kid who isn't so keen on going because, as an introvert, more than one activity per week (plus a lot of errands over the weekend) feels like too much for her. As it is, most park days she's the one who is asking if we can just go already, while the other two are always upset to leave. I'm trying to figure out how to balance the needs of all of my children, but it seems to be my eternal quest. I just can't figure out how to make everyone happy. The compromise this time is to go to park day, but after lunch and only for a couple of hours. It would help my introvert immensely if she had a good friend who was always willing to play one-on-one with her and who was there consistently. She's had two in the past, but both have moved away.""So I went shopping today for my diet food, and I was pleasantly surprised to find a huge selection of food that are not only low in calories and carbs, but that also actually taste good! I loaded up on plenty of fruit and the fruit bars that Special-K makes....They are super good! Between eating right (the biggest problem is cutting out all the Coke I drink!) and doing my two miles a day on the treadmill, I should be bikini/tattoo ready for Orlando! I'm one of those lucky woman that not only had seven kids who were all very large at birth, but I don't have one stretch mark on me....So I get the tummy flat and I'll look good in that two piece this June:)Mark is dieting with me, so it's making it so much easier. We ate salads for dinner last night, but tonight I think I'll try us out on some fresh fish and veggies, along with some Skinny Cow ice-cream treats for dessert. I think we can handle that:)OKay people, meet me back here in June and I'll show off my new body! I'm excited! I think this is going to be a great Summer."I teach school in a small rural school and love it! We have been married to the Cowboy of my dream since Aug 06 . We live on his families orginal homeplace and moved a old ranch house onto it to remodel(still in the process of finishing).Cowboy Steve, dayworks, runs beef cattle and farms cotton, wheat and hay grazer. I am a very outspoken or blunt women and was raised to stand up for myself. I am proud to be independent. I love living on a ranch/farm and I am loving being a mom!"Feast or Famine I know it's been famine for a while on this blog, so I'm going to take today to give you a feast...divided into courses for those of you who don't have much time. Then you can pick and choose what you'd like to 'eat.""This course- soup, light and easy.In the last 3 weeks, the weather in Macau has dropped from 30 C to around 8-15 C (the coldest Macau gets). Basically, it's gone from 80+ with 90* humidity to around 40* with a windchill that makes it feel 30*ish. I've actually seen my breath a few times. I hadn't really planned on winter based on past experience for about one more month. Thankfully, since I didn't have time to go and buy a comforter, I remembered that I had brought my sleeping bag with me. It looks really swank on my bed. I did buy one absolute necessity: a cloth cover for my toilet seat. (Remember, there's no indoor heating in Macau). So, my house is also about 30* ish with windchillllllllll. (Sorry, that's the chattering).Today I woke up with the sound of the Macau Formula 3 Grand Prix in my ears. It goes by the park next to my house. Made me wish that Jim and Linda were here.Save room for meat! ""listening to kidd kradick in the morning today (kiddlive.com) i heard them discussing that today is the day that you are able to begin ""pre-ordering"" apples new product, the ipad!....yay.... i am not sure on how to feel about this new product. of course many people love it (though they havent tried it) and have to buy it (though the ridiculous price) but...there are some major downfalls to it i feel:1) you can't multitask! i don't know about yall, but when i'm on my computer i have my internet up (with multiple tabs of course!) my media player playing music, sometimes microsoft word up, along with photoshop and many other programs. but not uh, no sir, this ipad is going to help keep you focused on one thing, because well, it's only capable of letting you do one thing.2) no cd drive. or any other drive at that. basically its a touch screen version of the mac book air....without the function-ability of the air. and it weighs more. yay.3) well im still working on the rest of my complaints which i will update you on later but for now i'll leave it at the name. the ipad. next thing you know theyre going to have the itampon.""We are leaving bright and early tomorrow morning to visit Aaron's mom for a week. It's going to be super cold, so we were trying to pack appropriately when we both looked at each other and said, ""We don't really have any cold weather clothes!"" That's what living in a mild climate year round will get you. Ah well, I'm sure we'll be good. Lots of layers, right?My other concern is of course little girl. I have actually flown with her several times and she's been great, but those were all at 1 yr or less of age, so she was much less mobile and nursing put her right to sleep. I'm not so sure how good she will do now. At least it is a fairly short flight, and Daddy is going too.Man, they're terrible. And she's not even two yet! But I know most of this is my fault. I give in to her much too often, and now I am suffering the consequences. It's really hard to hold fast when you know you might be in for a 10, 15 minute tantrum and even those only end when you give in and say, ""Okay, come here. I can see you need help settling down. Do you want some milk?"" She never, I mean never, comes out of a tantrum on her own. At what point is it cruel to be ignoring her?In any case, if you were wondering what set her off today, 1) Wanting to open the tums she saw when I grabbed a towel from the closet. 2) Wanting to walk in the kitchen where there were broken bits of a bowl I was cleaning up. 3) The dog took his toy that she had grabbed from him. It really is just the small stuff. How can I help my little girl release her frustrations more calmly?? Or is that even possible?"The past months have been bitter sweet...I love my baby boy/girl. But some things are just stress in me so much to the point where I can¡¯t take it no more. I can¡¯t wait till my baby is here and camdon starts his new job soon. So many things are changing. But it¡¯s for the better. I¡¯ve been so stressed and I don¡¯t know what to do anymore. I don¡¯t know how to handle it. And all this stress has nothing to do with the baby. I feel like I can¡¯t do anything without someone saying something back to make me feel stupid. It¡¯s to the point where I wanna leave and never come back. I¡¯m sick of been made fun of and I¡¯m sick of getting talked down to like I¡¯m some kind of dog. Things need to change but i know they won¡¯t. I guess I gotta suck it up and deal with it. I shouldn¡¯t have to..."I just finished, well, started and finished, the Twilight series over the weekend. I've been sick, so I've had some extra time on my hands.As a literature minor, I'd been curious about the books I'd heard were ""well written."" I wanted to read them to see what the big deal was.Starting the books, I was initially annoyed. The melodramatic character of Bella Swan is a whiny (irritatingly so), obsessive, dark, misunderstood misfit, or so she feels. But, as I continued the first book, I got attached to its brilliance. Stephanie Meyer captures the emotions, passion, fear and romance for her primary audience of romantically inexperienced preteen and teenage girls. She creates an overwhelming dichotomy of passionate love and perfect friendship with the characters of Edward Cullen and Jacob Black.In the end, I would never call the series a literary masterpiece. However, its brilliance to entrap the hearts of girls everywhere is undeniable. Even as I was reading it, I felt myself believing in what Edward and Bella have, despite knowing how unrealistic their relationship is, outside of the whole vampire thing.Deep down, every girl wants an ""Edward""--a man who is incredibly passionate, who believes and shares with her that he would die without her. She wants a love relationship where the spark never dies, where every kiss is more intense than the last and where the chemistry tears through her insides. And, she wants a man who longs for her to be with him at all times, who misses her intensely when they are apart, who protects her in every situation and who knows without a doubt that she is his soulmate."So to start this off, it was just a normal day. I hung with my friends all day, and had a blast. Well, we all decided to drink that night. So I got some alcohol, and invited some people over to have a little get-together. Bad idea. It was about 1am, and the cops got called for a noise disturbance. Obviously, we were being loud but, personally, I didn't feel we were. Well as you all know, when a minor is intoxicated, they automatically get an MIP. Well, everyone in my room got one. Which I find completely unfair considering the fact that everyone in the house, except my Grandmother, was drinking. Well, once everyone went home, I was laying there thinking. Thinking if this is truly how I want my life to be. If I wanted to grow up with a criminal record. If I wanted to grow up an alcoholic. If I wanted to grow up not knowing if my life could be any better then what it is."So many things are changing, yet everything is the same. I have not worked much since 2009. Soon all the things I have routinely done at home will come to a halt: baking, gardening, & park day. I will instead spend the weekends working shows in Virginia and Maryland visiting with friends, sleeping in different beds and driving rental vans. I will not be able to lean on Paul to back me up. For many months I had the regularity of meditation and exercise keeping me on track, I was feeling good about going into the new working year, but for the past 2 months I have had a swollen knee due to a torn meniscus, which has put a halt to the intense work out I was enjoying. I'm not sure why I lost the Breathe.I don't hold onto familiarity and I am not dependent on regularity. I have never really felt settled anywhere. Many, many years ago I was working on the Celestine Prophecy workbook and one of the tasks was to connect the dots that lead to where you are now. In other words what events brought me here, right now. The goal was to understand that there are always many choices we can make, and the one we do make is significant to where we go: It is what we do in the moment that leads to the next moment. I believe I understand with such clarity why I chose to live on St. Thomas because it had everything I ""thought I wanted"" and everything I really did want.I often wonder why I moved to Las Vegas. What is the lesson? What was the need?I believe I moved to Las Vegas, to learn how to be a better parent. I moved here to meet more people who reassure me that by listening to my gut, connecting with my child, and considering his father, I will make the best choices to leave upon my son.After only a month of moving into our home, I contacted a homeschooling group, who's description appealed to me. ""We hope to support and inspire each other on our journeys of living and learning. Because respect for the child is at the core of unschooling, we expect our members to act accordingly on the list and in real life gatherings. We embrace diversity and hope that all who join our group will respect each others' differences and remain open to learning from each other."" This group's members have changed since I first joined. There are only 3 families from our original beginnings that are still regulars in the group. Las Vegas, like St. Thomas is filled with transients. One of the Four Noble Truths: The origin of suffering is attachment to transient things and the ignorance thereof. When I meet a friend I know they are not permanent, that my happiness does not rely on their being, but I know that just by calling them friend they have given me a little more understanding of my true self. They have left a lasting impression.Another transient (though born here is leaving for life on the road) and one I call friend is leaving the LifeLearners, she is moving on, following her heart, facing her fears and becoming her true self. And again I realize that things will change. Our ego wants us to believe these changes are dramatic, but in reality they are subtle.My ego misses my friend tonight. My ego sheds tears for the absent Wednesday chair.I am feeling shaken and stirred. It's time to remember to how to breathe."I picked her up on Saturday, after a night of lots of partying and little sleeping. Yes, I'm gangster. We didn't get home until 5 in th morning on Sunday. We had lots of fun. We kayaked, shopped, tried on tons of clothes in a co-ed dressing room (I got caught by a male worker in my bra, then later, dancing retardedly - sweet! as in, embarrassing), went on rescue missions with the boys (rescued a boat load of unshaven, smelly, barefoot.. hippies! The stinkiest rescue mission of all time, thanks Bob!), got pedicures, paddled at midnight to see phosphorescence, oogled hot guys, barbecued at Jays, crashed a dinner party at Tugboat Annies...  and I even got away with some stuff that I'd never have gotten away with if Joshlynn wasn't there. Like taking pictures of ourselves in the round mirror in the middle of the marina store."This is a normal sight at our house. My husband, at work. He's definitely not one to leave it at the office. Relaxing just isn't in his blood. He cannot do something halfway, and doesn't understand how anyone else can, either. When he doesn't have anything to do, he goes and learns something. Like one of 5 programming languages he taught himself in the 90's. How to repair his own bike. How to build a computer. How to speak French. Extensive reading on Buddhist philosophy. Sailing in the 1800's. Sci Fi. Or changing his career path entirely, from Art (Yes, Art!!!) to Geology and Mineralogy to Geomicrobiology to Environmental Chemistry and Technology to Nanotechnology to Thinfilms to Solar Technology to Materials Science to Architecture and Sustainability to who knows what.And he doesn't stop there. He not only learned French, he worked to get us a position there so I would be able to realize my dream of living in France one day. And now, he wants to find a way to go back.A vacation for him is not laying on a beach with a beer. (Though he'd happily walk through a museum with a beer.) On our honeymoon in New Orleans, he went to every museum there was. Thankfully, we're well matched. I love that, too.He's kind of maxed out on the academics--though I guess he could get a second PhD (don't tell him, please!) As a professor, he's constantly busy teaching, recruiting, researching, mentoring, leading a solar decathlon team, and now heading up an entirely new degree program. He's not tenure-track, but even if he was and got it, he said he wouldn't change a thing. It's who he is. The idea of taking it easy just isn't a part of his DNA. He can't not do his best. I love that about him. I love how hard he works, both for his calling's sake and for his family's sake. I love that when he believes in something, it is with every fiber of his being. I love his devotion.This week, he figured something out. For the first time in 36+ years, he's bored.Heaven help us."" Introducingÿ Cole Isaac GilbertThe baby is here!  Thanks to everyone who has helped out in the past few weeks, especially those guest posters.  I¡¯ll continue to be on semi-maternity leave over the next few weeks, but I wanted to share the good news and my birth story (for those interested).  Cheers!  ChristineCole Isaac GilbertBorn: 3/5/10 9:50 PM8 lbs 12 oz21 inches long¡°The Cure¡±I had breezed past my due date and by Friday my midwife wanted me to get an ultrasound to make sure the baby was still thriving in his post-40-week world.  We were planning a homebirth, a carefully weighed decision based in part on the nearly perfect health I had been experiencing throughout the pregnancy and my strong desire to avoid a c-section, especially since we would be birthing in the US, where c-section rates top 30%. It¡¯s not a choice for everyone, but we were well-educated about the options and it felt right.That afternoon, I ate lunch and headed over to the ultrasound appointment.  Drew and I sat in  silence as the tech tried to jiggle our baby into movement.  The bio physical scan scored the baby based on 4 types of movement, from rolling over to ¡°practice breathing¡±.  Our score?  Zero.  I drank some juice.  I poked the baby and wiggled my abs.  After 30 minutes, our midwife transferred us to the hospital for more tests.  The baby wasn¡¯t moving.Remember that perfectly healthy pregnancy I talked about?  Well apparently on Week 40, Day 4 I developed pregnancy induced hypertension.  Normally you¡¯d see this after the six month point, when the women¡¯s blood pressure starts to creep up and her kidneys begin dropping protein into the urine and her feet and hands might get really swollen.  According to the blood work, I had moved past that first stage of just hypertension, beyond mild pre-eclampsia and was now looking at some of the scarier effects like my kidneys not working correctly, blood clotting issues and potential seizures (when blood pressure in a pregnant women gets too high they don¡¯t stroke out, they have a seizureÿ fun fact).The cure?  The doctor sat down and tried to couch it as nicely as possible.  ¡°The only cure is to have this baby.¡±We didn¡¯t freak out, in fact we were very calm about the matter.  We spent about 30 minutes quizzing the doctor on the relative merits of induction verses cesarean, the likelihood of success based on cervical favorably, bishop score and methods used, and ultimately what did he think was the safest for everyone involved?  ¡°If it was my wife or daughter? A c-section¡±.I think everyone (the doctor, nurses and midwife included) were a bit surprised when we said, ¡°Okay.¡±  Maybe they expected us to  fight it, to try to come up with some way to birth at home or to take the insane risk of disregarding the medical advice we had been given.   But to us, a home birth was about safety, not about some ego-driven one upmanship over our child-bearing peers.  A low risk, healthy birth is safest when left aloneÿ but all of that goes out of the window once there is complications.  If you are sick, if your baby is at risk, you want a doctor there.  That¡¯s why we did the tests and ultrasoundsÿ to rule out anything that would cause us problems down the road.  Well, it worked.  I signed the paperwork and they prepped me for surgery.I won¡¯t go into too much detail about the actual surgery, as it¡¯s not pleasant.  You wouldn¡¯t expect it to be, I¡¯m sure, but I might have of had a slightly harder time than other women as the spinal made me extremely sick.  There is one moment I¡¯ll always remember though, and it¡¯s the single bright spot in the experience.  I was gasping for breath from beneath the sickly plasticy smelling oxygen mask, with my own vomit drying on my face and in my hair, trying to not succumb again and I heard my baby¡¯s first cry.  I couldn¡¯t have been further from the moment, forgetting completely why I was subjecting myself to this and his piercing scream pulled me right back.  I burst into tears and felt this clear, indescribable  joy.Afterward, I got everything I wanted.  Cole was alert and latched an hour after surgery (when they stabilized me enough to permit breastfeeding).  I stayed up with him most of the night, marveling his perfect little features, the way he pouted (my husband says he gets this from me) and the way his breathing gets excited as he gets close to me.  I had spent all this time planning the perfect birth, and I got almost none of my wishes, except one.  A healthy baby.  Later I would tell Drew that the disappointment, the anger, the sadness of having our plans dashed would take time to heal.  Really though, it  hasn¡¯t been time.. the cure has been Cole.  Being with him has been so opposite, so perfectly wonderful, it¡¯s redemptive.  I feel like I won the baby lottery."" Today¡¯s guest post is from Alison at http://cheeseweb.eu, a very cool expat blogger.  I especially liked this post for the insight into expat life, but also a new twist on the ¡°Why Blog?¡± debate.  Once you¡¯re done reading this be sure to check out her excellent photography here.When I started blogging, I wasn¡¯t trying to make money on-line or become famous. In fact, I never expected anyone other than my friends and family would read it. But now, I¡¯m pretty sure that blogging saved my expat life.I moved to Belgium five years ago as a trailing spouse. My husband and I decided together that we wanted to try living in Europe. The opportunity came up sooner than we expected, when his company offered to move us to Brussels. Legalities being what they are in Belgium, I was unable to get a work-permit as the trailing spouse, so my days were filled with getting our new life settled.Back then, blogging wasn¡¯t as ubiquitous as it is now, and I didn¡¯t know much about it, but I got tired of writing the same things and answering the same questions in a dozen e-mails. I had learned basic web design and HTML in school so I decided to start a website to share stories and photos with my friends and family back home.My blog posts were basically extended letters. I didn¡¯t think much about grammar or structure. My posts didn¡¯t have a topic other than what I had been up to since the last time I wrote. I never expected anyone that didn¡¯t know me would bother much with my blog.In those first few months, I wrote only about happy things ? new places we travelled to, new discoveries we made, etc.The shiny newness of expat life wore off pretty quickly though. The reality was I was mired in mountains of Belgian bureaucracy and red-tape. We had no support from my husband¡¯s company; we didn¡¯t speak the language; we knew no one and we lived in a small community with limited public transportation. I spent most of my days feeling isolated and depressed and wondering what the hell I had done.I didn¡¯t want to burden my family and friends with my woes. Honestly, I felt like a failure for being depressed in the first place. I mean, I was living in Europe after all. Something that is a dream for most people was my reality. Except most days it felt more like a nightmare.I turned to the blogosphere for help. Although there weren¡¯t many expat blogs based in Belgium at that time, I found some blogs written by expat women in other countries who were writing about the exact feelings I was having. Suddenly I didn¡¯t feel so alone and it gave me the courage to write about what I was really experiencing.It was scary to put my stress, struggles and depression out there, but instead of scorn for my whining, I started to get email and comments from other women in my situation. Some were already in Belgium, some were planning an expat move and all of them had similar fears and worries as me.I was contacted by an expat news website in Belgium and asked to do a weekly column about my experiences in Belgium. Through that column, even more trailing spouses contacted me and encouraged me to keep writing and sharing.It didn¡¯t happen overnight, but gradually things got better. Because of my blog, I met people, I had an outlet for my stress and worry and I had a sense of purpose. Blogging and the support of my readers gave me the courage to pursue my career as a photographer.Five years later, my blog and my life have changed dramatically. First of all, we have both moved out of isolation ? me to the centre of Brussels and my blog to its own domain.CheeseWeb is now much less focused on my day to day life and more on expat life in general. It covers a range of topics about life and travel in Belgium. I have guest posters on different topics from art to technology and I write about many different travel destinations around Europe.Blogging opened so many doors for me in the early months of my expat life and continues to today. I honestly believe that blogging saved my expat life."commercialized us!!!! How many of us in today's world have time to think just for a second how commercialized the world has become or rather we have become? Are v now what we really wanted to be? Are we synchronized with what we have studied and what we are doing?Let me place myself as an example. I have studied electronics and instrumentation but i am sitting for placements for a software company. Ok lets say thats what life is. But when we know thats what life is then why do we have many other options other than comp.science and the IT??? If what everybody wants is money then yes software is the right field but 10 years from now where would u get ur computers if u r programming down der? Who would teach ur children if ur friends are along with u?? Everybody wants the IITs and IIMs but how many of them work for INDIA?? Friends just sit back and think where did your journey start what was YOUR goal are u reaching for the one u started ur journey?? Many of us think our aim is to earn and keep the family happy. But how many of us are happy in the process. A family always supports what you do if it is right. A happy mind is necessary to keep the family happy right? Job satisfaction is most important i feel rather than money. But very few would agree with me because the world is like that. Comp.science students no hard feelings. This blog is dedicated to all the hardware STUDENTS. I would say ENGINEERS coz i dont know how many of us will really work as hardware engineers."I realized that the best time to start potty training is when the kid is around 5 months old. When the head doesn't need support and the neck is firm. At that age, they don't run around and it is easier to put them on the potty. You will be able to identify when they want to ""go"" so you start putting them on the small potty. For my son that's what my mom did - that habit continued and he kind of started knowing that ""If I am put on the potty I must sort-of push "". Now my son is a year old and quite recently I started the habit of taking him to the bathroom and putting him on the regular potty. So now he knows to say ""baa"" (bathroom) when we wants to ""go"".I see that some parents (new of course!) are finding it difficult to potty train kids after they reach the walking age. Kids just get used to the diaper and refuse to sit in one place. Of course, this doesn't come with the side effects of other ""settais"" (I think vaguley translates to naughty behavior) -These days he loves to go to the bathroom and play with the water. So he will make that ""I have to go"" face . I tried putting him on the smaller potty - he sat there for 2 seconds and started pointing to the door and he says ""baa"". I took him to the bathroom and he immediately ran to the bucket to play with the water! So I am as usual running behind him!"" Missionary ManBradford got his mission call. He'll be serving in the Ghana Accra Mission. He reports to the MTC there on Oct. 23rd. We have a lot of shots and passport getting to do before that.Yea, Bradford. We are excited for you and very proud that you are worthy and willing to serve in this fashion. We love you.POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 11:40 AM 6 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTLillian's BirthdayLillie's Birthday is The 4th of July. We were in Lebanon, Indiana. Fletcher marched in the parade there with high school alumni band. We spent the evening with our friends the Hughes'. We had yummy food and a fun time visiting with them. Thanks for letting us come! POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 11:19 AM 0 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTOk. It's not happening.Ok. I guess that project 365 is over for this time around. Kind of sad but facing reality.Here's a couple of pictures of Lillian in a dress I made. I took a class at a little shop. The dress has a bubble skirt and elastic thread smocking.POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 11:09 AM 2 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTSUNDAY, JUNE 28, 2009Project 365 updateI am sorry for the missed weeks. Once I got behind it was too much to post that many old weeks at a time and then I stopped taking the pictures. I still like the idea of the project so I'm going to start over. Here are some of the photos that never got posted.POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 7:45 PM 6 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTSUNDAY, JUNE 7, 2009Week Twenty 2009Sunday, May 10, 2009 Mother's Day. It was a good one.Monday, May 11, 2009 Trip to the Zoo with our friends. We had fun.Tuesday, May 12, 2009 Ellery had a strings concert. He did great.Wednesday, May 13, 2009 Donovan had an Orchestra concert. He did great too.Thursday, May 14, 2009 My friend, Virginia, is moving so she took us to lunch. That's the way she wanted it.Saturday, May 16, 2009 Donovan and Kayla went to Prom. Don't they look great?POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 7:14 PM 5 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POSTWeek Nineteen 2009Sunday, May 3, 2009 My paper pile overflowed, ended up in a box and then on my bed. Sad.Monday, May 4, 2009 Ooops.Tuesday, May 5th, 2009 Patrick.Wednesday, May 6th Rain and Errands.Thursday, May 7, 2009 Touch a Truck.Friday, May 8, 2009 Owen and Patrick hit the Jackpot of Dentist toys. Stickers and plastic planes will never be able to measure up!Saturday, May 9, 2009 Donovan took this picture.POSTED BY MARIE HATCH CHAMBERS AT 6:49 PM 1 COMMENTS LINKS TO THIS POST2009 Week EighteenSunday, April 26th Lillian and I saw Eloise Young Grandma Hatch's cousin who sewed Lillie's blessing dress. Then we started home.Patrick was glad to have Bradford home.Wednesday, April 29th, 2009 Ellery turns eleven. Happy Birthday!Connor finished his Track season."" My dad works on submarines, so I¡¯ve been around them here and there (and certainly heard about them) since I was a little kid. I vaguely remember going on a tour of one when I was probably about 9 or 10. Last Christmas my dad took me & Gabe on a tour of a sub in Virginia, and let me tell you, they seem a LOT smaller inside when you¡¯re a grownup.But I digress. At some point I was talking with my dad about an analytics problem I was working on, and describing the process I was using to try to figure something out. He told me the tale of the USS Scorpion, a sub that went down somewhere in the Pacific, and the process the Navy used to locate the sub. I was transfixed as he told me about John Craven, the mastermind behind the search effort, and his use of an old mathematical theory that quantifies the value of hunches. They used it to successfully locate the sub. (More about that soon.)Anyway, that was enough of a motivation to get me to read this book, and now I AM OBSESSED WITH SUBMARINES. Seriously. It¡¯s out of control. But they¡¯re fascinating! The book is full of all true stories of submarines from WWII through the Cold War, and it was the first time that a lot of these stories were made public. I can¡¯t recommend it enough."" That's Not My Name and That's OKI used to think walking was merely a way to get from point A to point B or to exercise. Sometimes both. When I¡¯m alone, I¡¯m plugged into my iPod. When I¡¯m with a friend, we talk. A walk is a walk is a walkÿuntil I walked with Claire. The girl doesn¡¯t know it, but she always knows exactly what to do and say to put things in perspective. This morning we decided to walk uptown to the post office and library. She put on her Dora sneakers and tan jacket, and I surprised her with new purple mittens with hearts and rainbows I bought her on winter clearance. This made her very happy. I put on my pink backpack loaded with the envelopes that needed to be mailed, my phone and some money since I was pretty sure I had library fines to reconcile. Claire put on her Dora backpack. The weather was lovely ? sunny and about 40 degrees when we started walking. Sidewalks are inconsistent for the first few blocks, so we cut down an alley to avoid street traffic. As we passed a garage, Claire asked, ¡°Where¡¯d my shadow go?¡± ¡°What, honey?¡± I asked. She stopped. ¡°My shadow, Grammy.¡± Shadow? But of course! I haven¡¯t thought about my shadow since I was a kid, except to maybe avoid looking at it when I was obese. ¡°It¡¯s hidden by the garage,¡± I told her. ¡°Let¡¯s move back into the sunshine.¡± ¡°There it is! It¡¯s big!¡± she said. ¡°You have a big shadow, too, Grammy!¡± and she waved. ¡°See my hand?¡±I waved back with both hands. She giggled.¡°I see your fingers in the shadow,¡± she said. When we turned the corner we were back on a sidewalk and our shadows were in front of us. Claire hopped over each crack for the rest of the block, thrilled that her shadow kept up with her. We got to a corner at which we had to cross a street. I was holding her hand and was just going to walk her across when it dawned on me that I could teach her how to properly cross a street. ¡°Always stop before walking out on to the street,¡± I said. ¡°Look to your left. Do you see a car coming?¡±Looking very concentrated, she peered down the street. ¡°No,¡± she said seriously.¡°Now look to your right. Any cars?¡±¡°Nope.¡± ¡°OK, that means we can cross safely.¡± We walked down a street I¡¯ve walked for years, but I¡¯d never really noticed that the Purinton¡¯s house was blue or the rental next door had green trim until Claire pointed it out. Then she spied tiny purple flowers in the next yard. ¡°Oooo! Those are crocuses,¡± I told her. ¡°Crocheches,¡± she repeated. Close enough. I wouldn¡¯t have noticed them on an ordinary walk. I notice them in my own yard because I¡¯m looking for them, but crocuses are even better when you¡¯re not seeking them out and spectacular when you unexpectedly get to introduce them to a 2-year-old who loves the colors purple and green. ¡°I run real fast, Grammy!¡± and she took off. I kept up by walking more briskly, but it was fun to let her get to the next house a little before I did. We were getting close to another corner and she took my hand. We stopped, she looked both ways, and we walked safely across. We went to the post office first, which is next door to the library. I handed the envelopes to the mail clerk. Claire said, ¡°I want to see,¡± so I lifted her up to sit on the counter. ¡°I like your mittens,¡± said the clerk. Claire¡¯s shy and so she just smiled and looked down at the hearts and rainbows. ¡°Can she have a lollipop?¡± he whispered to me. I nodded. ¡°Would you like a lollipop?¡± he asked Claire.¡°Yes,¡± she said rather boldly, and I thought, Yeah, I¡¯ve always preferred candy over compliments, too. She reached in the bag and pulled out a small chocolate flavored Tootsie-Pop. She¡¯s definitely my granddaughter. ¡°What do you say?¡± I asked her. ¡°Thank you,¡± she said staring at her mittens again, but he heard her. ¡°You¡¯re welcome,¡± he said. She insisted I open the wrapper before we left the post office and I didn¡¯t want her to bring it into the library, so we sat on a bench out front and she ate her lollipop. ¡°A black truck,¡± she pointed to the street. ¡°That¡¯s Papa¡¯s truck.¡± Her dad¡¯s dad is Papa and drives a pickup. ¡°No, that¡¯s not Papa¡¯s truck, but it looks like it,¡± I said.¡°That¡¯s a red car,¡± she continued and crunched her lollipop. ¡°Hear that?¡± she asked.¡°That¡¯s a blue jay,¡± I said. ¡°Blue jay,¡± she repeated and took another bite of her lollipop.Watching Claire observe the world around her ? the world I¡¯ve very much taken for granted ? this Ting-Tings song came into my head: They call me girlThey call me StaceyThey call me herThey call me JaneThat¡¯s not my nameThat¡¯s not my nameThat¡¯s not my nameThat¡¯s not my nameThey can call me Emily. They can call me Shawna. But that¡¯s not my name. I¡¯m Grammy. I¡¯m Mom. I¡¯m Lynn. I know who I am. I know how I lost weight. I could spend all kinds of money fighting these bogus websites illegally using my images only to find other sites doing the same thing. Or I can let it go and live in the world around me. My real world. I have a shadow. The crocuses are blooming. I¡¯m teaching Claire how to cross the street and what a blue jay sounds like. People can believe what they want about my images. I know what¡¯s true. Nothing else matters. ""Time has been judgemental ..eversince its existence is known ;)  Do not you feel so?.......TIME just the word seems so common even in the illiterates...why?I think it is because it affects and judges us all. Its impact is wide enough to neglect its name ""TIME"".The galaxies, the stars, the Universe.....as a whole has been judged by time. Their states depict the impact and the judgment of time on them. Beautiful and ruthless TIME can be at times :)As they say about the mutual existence of things good vs evil, love vs hate....I was wondering who can oppose the merciless judgments of time?????.........there is something :) that can ditch time and we all can escape from the judgments of time........The Black holesWish we had something to switch between both of them......so that we can give a nice TIME to TIME looking for us......you got me right ""The time machine"""I woke up today and got on with my morning rituals ? checked my Gmail, Facebook, and listened to some feel-good songs on Youtube. Then I logged on to Google Talk after quite a few weeks to update myself on my friends¡¯ statuses, their profile pictures, etc. It gave me a fair clue of how they were doing. I came to Facebook again. But this time around, I found too much information about the same people ? what they like, which groups and activities they are a part of, which games they play, where they have been traveling, whom they have been hanging out with, bla bla ? and all this confused me. Trust me, a year back, I kinda used to dislike Google chatting, since it prevented me from thinking about what I was saying. I preferred snail emailing to chatting as it was more static and easier to handle. And today, I find myself preferring Gtalk to Facebook. Why? Simply because Gtalk is not a social networking site where I have to keep projecting an image of my Self. Gtalk is a directed, simple two-dimensional medium wherein I can have a one-on-one conversation with a person I am actually interested to talk to and know about. Wow! Now all of a sudden this has become a privilege, thanks to Facebook and twitter. Suddenly, I feel relieved that I have some real people who are not too addicted to Facebook, and who are not looking at my ¡°information¡± to know me, but are going beyond it to spend real time with me outside these news updates. And hey, I honestly feel this change happened in just the past one year, when all of us got overly addicted to Facebook. Social Networking with people who live in the same city and area as you ? Quite a bad idea. I am very much for picking up my landline,calling up my friend and catching up especially when I live in the same country as him/her, and where local rates are the same as internet costs. I want something real dude ? like a human voice maybe? And not a profile picture to connect to a person. Eeks. Creeps me out.  I think its high time someone started a Facebook Regulatory Board ? on what can be done and what can¡¯t be done on Facebook. It is such a mess otherwise. And NO. Privacy settings hardly matter and hardly help. Well yes, I do hear some of your counter arguments btw ? That Facebook helps me market my events, it helps me connect to older school buddies, it obliviates hierarchies and protocols between people. Hmmÿ. Alright..  I can accept that to an extent. But whatever happened to respecting privacy? And its not even about others¡¯ privacy here. Respecting your own privacy ? what happened to that? Its lost. Gone. I find a lot of people not caring or thinking about what they put up on Facebook, I find myself in that situation too, mainly because Facebook started as a Fun, light-hearted means to pass time. Suddenly you wake up to the fact that its a lot more of a serious affair. Highly unsettling. Anyway.. Being the optimist that I am and desperate to conclude things on a good note like Bollywood movies, I do accept that dear old facebook can be positive at times, which is why I have still not terminated my account there. For instance, there was almost a virtual, spontaneous school reunion ?  thanks to an old class photo which someone posted (it happened a few days back and delighted me  ). Everyone started commenting, feeling nostalgic about old teachers and old life, thanks to this photo - as high as 120 comments in a day!! Or a friend who was able to get in touch with me when she really needed my help, but was in some remote part of the world and had lost my mail. Now that ? is truly awesome!" CullingIn the winter, I find myself in a state of retreat, like a tree, in an inert state of waiting. Watching. The sun ekes through the windows at the most pitiful angle. I push my writing desk right up against the window to try and absorb whatever light is going to be doled out. Inspiration trickles in droplets one by one. Inertia wanes. Daily business unfurls at its slow French city pace across my square. It is tempting to passively watch. In past years, I have always done what it takes to shake things up, to keep things from freezing over, but it's true. Winter has always been hard for me.This is my first winter with the baby. While I still won't say everything changed, something very big has shifted. A lot of time goes into animating, teaching, comforting and reassuring my little boy. I am blowing on coals. New coals. Hot coals. I am constantly moving to stay one step ahead. I must explain to him what we plan to do. The spontaneity that I used to rely on to shake things up during the winter has been transformed into my breath on these hot coals.This week in the kitchen cure, I am thinking about optimization, which translates to freedom. I'll take it wherever I can get it. I am culling equipment from the kitchen, and most of all, moving things around. I have a couple of shelves full of things I rarely use, so I am moving these things out and creating new space for the things I should have close by.Do you have any equipment on your counter that just takes up real estate? I have very little counter space. In fact, when you count that which is taken up by the grinder, the mixer, and the kettle, I don't have any at all. I have become adept at using cork mats as anchors for cutting boards along the edge of things. When I am cooking things that involve more mise en place than simple slicing and chopping on little boards along the way, my kitchen moves out to one of the two work tables outside the kitchen.Now that the sun is finally beginning to fill the house again, It's time to put the pastry table back by the window, and move my writing desk to a quiet place in the house. This is a very good time for my kitchen cure. I need to optimize my kitchen, to do away with unnecessary steps. Time is more precious now than ever.Labels: 2010 Kitchen Cureby Lucy Vanel | 13:50 | 2 comments  08 MARCH 2010Foraging: Thoughts on a MondayThis talk about the people on the market who sell their foraged wild herbs got me thinking this weekend. It was cold up there and the ground is still frozen solid. I spent some cozy time indoors with a piece of tracing paper over a map of the land, dreaming about what we might try to accomplish this year in the garden. Last year we simply cleared the field by hand and spread mixed wild flower seed, and it was very nice. We also randomly planted some vegetables around here and there, and we were rewarded with some very nice zucchini, potatoes and beans. While I am thinking about dried herbs and seeds and the ones I loved the most as I replenish my spice drawer, I realize that it's the wild ones that get me so excited at the market here in the city. One very useful task this summer will be to learn to see more wild herbs and edible plants all around us on country walks and out in the field outside the kitchen door. I often catch sight of old women out on steady and slow early morning walks in the hills when it is warm out, carrying small baskets. This I suppose is the bucolic image that causes the tourists to come and clear everything from sides of the well worn hiking trails. But in the little homey places away from the stations, the farmland and grazing paths, where we can walk all day barely seeing anybody, it can't hurt to cut a sprig here or there. Foraging anything takes a bit of method in thoughtfulness. For example, when out picking herbs, have the sense enough to use a field knife and cut them, leaving the base in tact. Leave the roots, and cut only what you need. There's no need to rip any plant whole from the ground, effectively exterminating it. Give it a chance to grow back. Last year I did transplant some wild strawberries that spread and grew from their little sheltered spot under the cherry tree. But I was careful about it, and did it with respect for the path I was walking on. Mindful of my intention to nurture this plant as a special project, I took the whole plant from a place where thousands more were growing.""Get wat u want :) - After a long time, i m bloggin n i wanted to talk on sumthin substantial n sumthin every1 ll relate to..... may b on t lines of ma first blog:)Ever done things on impulse,without caring for t consequences?Ever done things out of passion n dedication than compulsion?Ever done things out of love?Because wen u do things lik this, irrespective of whether u succeed or lose, there ll b a feeling of satisfaction and peace. may b i m being philosophical, but t truth is tat wen we ve all our heart in sumthin v ll always do it well....I once watched a documentary called ""secret"". It s a movie abt ""law of attraction""(nw don let yr perverted minds do t thinkin :P ) its philosophical. there s somethinf g profoundly infulential about tat movie, that it changed t way i looked at life.. after tat movie, i was jus transformed. Law of attraction s nothin but if u want sumthin, n want it wit all ur heart, imagine u already have it n visualize. u shud visualize in a way tat u can feel its presence in ur life n u already ve it. then t whole world ll conspire in its own ways to make u get it...Its true... let me quote an instance wen i made this law of attraction work without knowin abt it...guess it was 2002..don rember wen..champions trophy match,venue was s.lanka-india vs south africa semi final. india was in pathetic position...it was damn sure S.A wud win...bein a cricket freak n fanatic, i badly wanted india to win...in 34th over i went into pooja room n sat in front of gods n started prayin....i jus said to myself or rather to god- i ll sit here till t end of t match prayin without watchin t match till 50th over but pl make india win...my concentration was so high, i prayed so hard tat i actually visualised india winnin tat match... n u kno wat :) india did win tat match..guess part timers yuvi n sehwag got wickets out of t blue n india went on to win it...:) try t same in daily life, n there ll b no dearth for joy...jus wish, ask for it imagine u already ve it n u ll damn sure get it... anythin- be it a car or a job or a galfren or a house or money or respect or anythin...sumthin ll happen...world ll adjust accordingly to ur needs.. thats t marvel of t universe...nw u shudn b a cynic here n ask ll t world tailor itself to each n every1s need..S it ll...it works accordingly, balances everythin...it can synch wit everyone..Thats t power of it...in fact its scientifically proven too...bcos, wen u implement law of attaction, all u r doin s to create a positive charge around u, a positive feel,joy n happiness...naturally tat positiveness leads to enthusiasm, enthu leads to hope, hope leads to hardwork n hardwrk leads to success... so in essence t universe makes u wrk n it wrks for u.... :D Try this once,n if possible try t watch this documentary... cheers pplmy nxt blog ll b on ""The child in us"""Since getting another pair was outta question next was to do some quick fix.. I did not seem stickable so we decided to pin it up with something. Babloo got some board pins and tried to pin it, punch it ,stand on it and what not! In vain! It was 6 27 and missing this bus meant I had to roam slipper-less in office till 8! Chuck it! He lost hope! He had only one piece of advice for me. Think you are walking to sabarimala and run! Wat else cud I do? I threw the blackies into the bin and raaan! I was feeling the office carpet with my bare feet for the first time.. the A/c cold stairs and the marble lobby tooÿ I was soo embarrassed I could hardly walk. The bus stand was a good distance away and I had to walk all the way bare foot! To top it all, it was raining! I was praying no one would notice and ask me. Thankfully no one I knew came in the way of my run! My boot cut jeans was serving its full purpose today! It was doing the job of hiding my bare feet! Spotted the bus! I ran inside and it started." Beyond Getting There: What Travel Days Show UsToday¡¯s guest post is by Gillian at One-Giant-Step.com sums up for me that imperceptible change that happens when you travelÿ you start appreciating things you never thought you would.  In that process, maybe you even learn a new way to see the world.Who is it that said ¡°It¡¯s not about the destination, it¡¯s about the journey¡±? Nine months of full time traveling has proven to me that this is absolutely true.Before leaving on this trip the thought of an 8 or 10 hour bus trip was pretty daunting. The longest trips we¡¯d taken were on planes, where they serve drinks and meals and we can pass the time watching movies. Eight hours on a bus, without the same amenities sounded like torture but we jumped in right from the start with a 22 hour ride from Lima to Cusco that, while not the most comfortable ride, got us into the swing of things pretty quickly.Once we got a routine downÿsnacks packed, books prepared, podcasts readyÿand had determined our favorite seatsÿon the drivers side, no window bar blocking the view, no children nearbyÿbus journeys became easy and now travel days are some of my favorite days.They are a chance for quiet reflection, to leave behind what is past, to think about the place we are leaving and start thinking about how we will remember our experiences thereÿthat great evening we had at the market, the interesting people we met at the cooking course, the horrible bed at the guesthouse. They are a chance to look forward, to anticipate what is coming, and to plan aheadÿwhere will we go next, how will we get thereÿwhere will we stay. They are a chance to stare out the window and think about where we¡¯ve been and where we¡¯re going, about past successes and future plansÿwhen else is there a chance to do nothing but quietly think?Travel days let us learn a little bit about the people and culture of the places we visit. Sitting in an airport, bus station or train depot gives me a great vantage point to see how people relate to each other. Who is traveling with who? Where might they be going, and why? Are they traveling for work, or holiday, or to visit family? Who are they meetingÿor leaving behind?In a small northern Turkish town we witnessed a heart-wrenching goodbye between two young men. Turkish men are very close - it is normal to see them holding hands and embracing each other ? and this couple seemed heartbroken to be leaving each other. One boy sat in the seat ahead of us, perhaps on his way to school or military service, his friend stood outside the bus. They spent their remaining time together with hands pressed against the glass, trying to talk through the window and texting each other on their phones. I don¡¯t understand Turkish but is was clear they were going to miss each other terribly.I like the act of traveling, the moving forward, the getting somewhere. I love watching the scenery slowly change from rolling hills to flat plains, along high twisty mountain roads or perfectly straight desert highways ? there is always lots to see. One of my favorite bus rides is still that first 22 hour ride between Lima and Cusco. I will always remember dawn breaking over the altiplano, the smoke rising from the llama herder shacks and the sun glinting off the frost that covered the ground.There are plenty of stories to be told about dodgy bus trips, or awful plane rides, or the never-ending tuk tuk/minivan/bus/boat combinationÿwhat would we do without those stories? But there are also plenty of journeys that are made perfectly lovelyÿthe lemon spritz on Turkish buses, the meals served on Argentinean buses, or the comfy bed on the overnight Thailand train.Travel days are an integral part of travel. They are filled with possibility and anticipation of what lies ahead. I like the optimism they have, the sense that fun and adventure lie ahead. No matter how long or short the journey they will always be my favorites."Neither do i have that deep a knowledge about the game to understand nuances.. nor am i sharp enough to rattle out how many runs India won the nth match of the xth world cup by. This blog is not about that.. This blog is to say "Thankyou Sourav" for making cricket that "extra special". I dont know if it would have been the same for me without you. Yesterday, as I was watching the India - Eng ODIs i felt something strange... Its something i have been doin over the last 8 odd years, looking at you on the field.. changing field placements, smiling, frowning, exalting, shirt waving,jumping, puching, yelling,scolding and what not.. and every moment.. was pure joy. I did read somewhere.. "Sourav Ganguly pulled at the heartstrings of the masses like no other cricketer had done before"and I definitely agree.Being responsible for the collective mood of a nation,over such a long duration - fabulous job done."Then and nowÿ  It's been ages since I have actually written anything here.Had been busy with lots of things apart from work.As i see,my last post here(apart from pics) is about the jhakkas DSN with Anandji.Now when I look back,so much change has come in life.Earlier my behaviour reflected my gloomy feelings of dejection and frustration.How stupid i had been ! And now....the smile is back :)   I'll start off with what i'd been doing post jhakkas DSN.Well, in her book 'The Secret',Rhonda Byrone mentioned the law of attraction according to which an individual's focused positive thinking can result in life-changing results such as increased wealth, health, happiness and more.In Art of Living, we call it the power of 'Sankalpa'.And seriously things happen when you have faith and confidence...Within a month of DSN,i was on my way to Bangalore ashram for an advanced course with Guruji.The calm and serene atmosphere of ashram & Guruji's darshan-amazing !But that was not all...I experienced Guru Grace in full throttle yet again...In dec,i was again off to Bangalore for three weeks. 21 amazing days @ 21st km...memories to be cherished for a life time! And finally i became an Art of living teacher....it all seems like yesterday! Last week i finished my first basic course.It was amazing to see the transformation in the participants in just six days.Hearing participants' experiences about how just six days made a difference to their lives was unbelievable.so stiff and rigid on the first day and glowing with happiness as they were leaving on the last day...Truly Guru Grace throughout...It's not we who are taking the course,it's HIM !!!Thanks Guruji for filling our lives with love,joy and enthusiasm !!!P.S. - Being happy is a practice. Being unconditionally happy is a practice: Come what may, today I'm going to smile. Anyway, everything is going to die! Everything is going to vanish and disappear---so what! Who cares! Let me at least be happy, smile this moment, enjoy my very breath... Sri Sri""History waiting to repeat? -  The family visit to Agra last week was for the benefit of my two young nephews aged 9 and 7 years who had never seen the Taj. Strangely the visit for me turned out to be a morose one. The Taj did not seem as splendorous as it used to. The grandeur of its marble seemed to have been visibly effected, presumably, by pollution since I last saw it around two and half years ago. The badly lit inside was depressing and too claustrophobic. The too well known story of 22,000 craftsmen having their hands cut off upon the orders of the Emperor after the completion of the monument seemed to stain the beauty of the Taj as I looked at it.   Visit to the Agra Fort was no better. How Akbar, the so called ¡®emperor¡¯ died suspected to have been poisoned by his own ambitious son Jahangir. How Jahangir blinded his own son Khusraw, a contender for the throne as per Akbar¡¯s will. Shah Jahan, Jahangir¡¯s son killed his own brothers to secure the throne and was finally imprisoned by his own son Aurangzeb in this very Agra Fort ! Listening to the guide giving the tales of treachery, deceit, barbarism, cruelty and ruthless ambition that was played out in these monuments of Moghul historicity, I wondered how this land of Vedic culture based on truth and dharma gave way to such lowly culture of killings, loot, plunder and lust!Greed, lust, cruelty and barbarism reflected in every story told by the guide. He showed us the phansi ghar in the basement (not open to public so we could just peep in) just below the Jahangiri Palace which incidentally was a place for rest and pleasure for the women in the emperor¡¯s harem. It made me wonder why a phansi ghar was situated inside the living quarters and just below the place where the emperor indulged in pleasures. I was then told by the guide that this was the place where the women (queens) of the harem who fell out in disfavour were tortured and executed! Only a Moghul emperor could drink the choicest of wines and enjoy pleasures sitting atop a dungeon where hapless and screaming women were being tortured and tormented.Looking down from the Fort we were shown a tank like structure and were curious. The guide related the story. It was a favourite sport of the members of the royal family. Elephants were kept around the tank deprived of water in hot seasons. They were drugged to make them thirstier. In that state after days of deprivation of water, they were led to this tank which was filled with alcohol. As they drank the alcohol, in that inebriated state of extreme thirst, they bloodied each other as the emperor and other royals watched with pleasure!This was the culture that invaded the land where Sanatan Dharama was practiced. A land where animate and inanimate were revered, where birds, animals and even rivers, mountains were worshipped!That Hindu India was prosperous and full of riches has been chronicled by various travellers. It was a coveted land. One is told of how rubies, emeralds, sapphires, and diamonds were embedded in the walls of the Moghul monuments and mausoleums creating ornate designs. Jewels were set into the floors across the vast marble. The splendour and wealth of the Moghul courts has been narrated over the years. Where did all this wealth come from? Obviously plundered and looted from the people of the land. Babur the first Moghul was a nomad and obviously did not bring it from his country. The wealth was plundered from the temples, state treasuries and the peoples of this land. It was the wealth of the Hindu land conquered by the invaders given to plunder and loot.Even before Muslims came to India, there were wars and battles between the Kings. There were conquerors and there were the conquered. However, the wars were mainly fought between the martial classes. Strange as it may sound today, the Kings and princes observed time honoured conventions that were sanctioned in Shastras. For example, places of worship were never touched. The Brahmins and the learned were not harmed, women were not violated, and cows were not killed. In fact, non combatant civil population were never killed or captured as the battles were mostly fought in open spaces. The local population was never plundered and war booty was an unknown concept in wars and battles fought then. The kings had a code of honour and violating this code was considered reprehensible and kings found it worse than death.However, Muslim invaders came with a different code. They would fall upon unarmed, hapless civil population after a victory on the battlefield. They would burn down villages and towns after the defending martial warriors had been killed. They went in for mass murders of the civil population and Brahmins were their special targets. They pillaged and looted even from the bodies of the dead. They raped and captured women who were considered a part of the booty. Those who were not killed were sold as slaves. This was the code of the Muslim invaders ? code of their Prophet. They did it all for their Prophet as ¡®holy warriors¡¯. The world famous historian, Will Durant has written in his Story of Civilisation that ""the Mohammedan conquest of India was probably the bloodiest story in history"". The Hindus found it very hard to understand the psychology of this new invader which they were witnessing for the first time in history. If one were to read the chronicles of those times, advent of the Muslims into India became possible only through deceit and treachery and not out of valor or greater prowess.Then came the British and the plundering of this hapless people continued and more than ever before. It was not a plundering for a short while. It lasted for a full 200 years from the battle Plassey in 1757 to Independence in 1947. So much so that a country which even after being ruled over by the Muslim invaders for so long was considered the ¡°brightest jewel in the British Crown¡±, at the beginning of the 20th century, India was the poorest country in the world in terms of per capita income! After 1000 years of attacks against Hinduism, India gained Independence but at the cost of partition of the land with hundreds of thousands of Hindus killed and driven out of their homes by Muslim claimants to the North Western part of the country.Last 60 years India has tried to regain its self with economic progress on all the fronts. Today, it is being projected as the 'Superpower' of tommorrow. It has tried to forgive and forget the wounds afflicted since the days of Mohd bin Qasim. It has been trying to think of a better future for its people. Hindus accepted a large part of Muslim population within even though a separate state Pakistan was carved out as homeland for Muslims. They embraced the followers of Christianity which had bled them and ruled over them for over 200 years. All because Hindu way of life is inherently tolerant and accepts all diversity with a vision of Vasudaiva Kutumbakam (world is one family). However, it has again become a target of these two monotheistic religions. For over a decade now Islamic terrorists have been attacking mainly the Hindu population. The objective of the ¡®jihadi¡¯ terrorists is to divide India once again on the basis of religion and create what they envision as Mughalistan. On the other hand, the poor and underprivileged are constantly being targeted by the Christian evangelists, converting them to Christianity against lure of money brought in from the affluent West. These conversions have assumed alarming proportions in the last couple of years.Is history waiting to repeat itself ?"I am sure all of you are wondering why I call it ¡°Hell-Dia¡±.Frankly, I have nothing against the place. On the contrary,I quite like this quiet  place.Its not bad at all.But, when the basic amenities are a problem, you fail to see things with rose-tinted glasses.After all, come on,  I¡¯m human.We have adjusted ourselves to this environment and graciously accepted this mundane lifestyle (**sob**) and the pathetic food.Its not fair enough to blame the place but it would be unfair if I don¡¯t blame TCS,UFS,HIT and the other umpteen people trying to provide services to us and making money in the process.TCS and HIT have struck a high-profit business deal at our cost.It is this fact I¡¯m unable to digest.The fact that TCS is showing step-motherly treatment to the 600 of us at Haldia for no fault of ours is something I can¡¯t swallow. We were told that our training is a 35 working-day period, but all of a sudden they say, we¡¯ll have to do our stream training here, which means we are stuck here until May.No confirmed news yet.All credit to TCS for their effective and efficient management practices ( I wonder how people give them awards for good management etc.. bang forehead!).Adjustments work only for a short period."The end for a new beginning - Date: Dec 8, 2009Location: Khairtabad flyover(over the Lake view park), HyderabadTime: around 7:30 PMVini and I decided to walk our way to the end of the flyover from Prasads Multiplex after watching the Arya-2 movie. ""Movie antha pichollene babu!... Arya-2, 'veedu pedda psycho' ani pettalsindhi tag line... nene gani Ajay or Geeta  place lo unte epatiki aa Arya gadini champesi prashantanga jail lo batikesedanni!"" and so we went on laughing over our silly jokes( no wonder we enjoyed the craziness of the movie) as we slowly walked down the footpath. It was just like one of those walks we have whenever we meet.. catchin up with each other.. laugh-chattin over everythin from earth to sky(n beyond too ;))..our lives..our plans...our future. For me, this walk though, was a special one. It marked the logical end of carefree lives we've enjoyed so far. Few days hence we were to enter one of the most crucial moments of our lives. Both of us were equally apprehensive and tensed. ""I'm sure u'll make it..sometimes ur frens kno more abt u than urself"" said Vini .. and I was sure that she would make it. Not knowing what would be the result of influence of external factors upon our future, somewhere inside we were guided by small amount of internal factor- faith.Date: Dec 18, 2009Location: Sastra University, ThanjavurTime: around 3 PMIts been a little less than 2 hrs since the probable candidates have assembled in the JVC auditorium. Half an hour has turned into another 15 mins.. n 15 mins.. to 15 more minutes and so on. Unable to think of a better way to pass time..I gave a glance over the faces of people. Some looked anxious... some looked dehydrated.. some looked exited.. and few others trying to crack jokes and laugh to overcome the tension ( i was one among them ;) ). Nonetheless, everyone looked like the candidate who would make it. Watever little confidence i had was beginning to fade away. My head was turning into a pool of negative thoughts. I turned my head away and started adorin the walls and the ceiling. There was yet no word  from the authorities.Meanwhile semester results were declared and not many seemed to care much (i'm the first person here :D ).. except a few who were worried if they got a 10 or 9.99 :P . In order not to realise time.. I started blabbering to my friend n almost told the history of AP since independence to 2 of my friends one after the other( Poor they!) Still  no word! This was heights! Finally, after sometime.. one of staff members came in n told us that the numbers were very good. Huh! wat a relief! Then slowly, one by one, these guys started coming in. There were rounds n rounds of applause n standin ovations to each n every person who came in (just imagine the trauma we went through). For the next 15 mins.. all i remember was clapping for every sentence they uttered. Then came the final moment. Names were being called out branch wise and  CSE came somewhere in... i  don remember where it came! too tensed to notice that.. but it came. Thankfully, the order of names was something which we knew and I was waiting with fingers crossed.A few names later.... ""Geethanjali M"" .. there came the most beautiful name at the moment. I realised the importance of a person's name that time ;). The longest 3 hr wait was over.Date: Dec 19, 2009Location: Koyambedu, ChennaiTime: around 8:30 PMAfter a long bus journey, I boarded another bus to Hyderabad. ""The number u r tryin to reach is currently unavailable... blah.... blah....."".. I tried a couple of times but the automated voice kept irritating. It was Vini's big day. I called her house n learnt that aunty was in the same situation. After sometime , i called her again n this time she picked it up. Me-""hello""...Vini-""hamma, i got through"". Date: Dec 21,2009Location: Khairtabad flyover(same place)Time: around 7 PMWe booked tickets for Avatar, had a nice Frankie and  started our walk down the flyover. There wasn't much of talk this time. We faintly recalled our situation few days back and  ufff! how safe we felt now!.Those crucial moments(apti n interview) we talked of before, ended even before we realised them. We continued our walk till the end  listening to songs and singing our heart out. But our journey, is not to end here. We have just embarked upon a new beginning ;)P.S:  I will continue my second post in the next one :)"If trying to write a grammatically correct sentence in German is a huge feat in itself, (sentences that are a little more complicated than the ones in German1 or 2) speaking a grammatically correct sentence amidst all the stuttering and stammering is a whole other thing! My oral exam is in two weeks ? that¡¯s right ? Zwei Woche ! Writing in german is easier because you know the rules and you have time to apply them happily, and you can make use of the famous tips they give in class ! For example, while forming questions you know that the verb goes in the beginning of the sentence and so you can write it in assertive first and then change it. Likeÿ you have a book. Du hast ein Buch. As a question that becomes Hast du ein Buch? I know it seems really simple now, but trust me with Praesens, Praeteritum, Praesens Perfekt , Akkusativ, Dativ,Praepositionen und so weiter ÿ es ist schwierig( difficult). But speaking has to be more spontaneous and there is obviously lesser time to process what you want to say, to search for the most appropriate word , to check the golden grammar rules. Whew! Ironically one of the methods to improve your writing and speaking skills apart from practising dialogues,Reaktionenubungen, etcÿ is by reading and writing more. And so, as an effort to actually write/speak at least 3 correct German sentences in a row, I am now blogging in Deutsch (or so it seems)." Spring is in the air...you know what that means...no not cleaning!By Sara on March 16, 2010 9:16 AM | 2 Comments | No TrackBacksAh Spring.  Spring is in the air.  Birds are chirping, mud puddles are overflowing and a girl's thoughts turn to ... well boys.  Admit it!  Spring brings a certain 'randyness' to mind - no? Every time I write an entry, I see a select list of categories to choose from and 'Dating' is the first one that Jen set up for me.  I never check it off.  And I mean NEVER.  And it glares back at me daily, a constant reminder that my 90 year old grandfather is currently getting more action than me.Dating scares me.  It brings me back to being a terrified fifteen year old girl with a bad anxiety disorder.  My first 'date' was a lunch with an older guy at school.  We went to Apache Burger where all the cool kids hung out and I promptly threw up from nerves.  It hasn't really gotten better since then.  I'm sort of a dicotomy - I'm outgoing and confident in regular life but give me a first date and I'm a nervous wreck doing vodka shots when the doorbell rings.In my pre-baby life I used to write a blog that was carried on radio station sites across the country.  It was called WTF and it basically dealt with my ridiculous life - part of it was dating.  People turned it to read deets of the guy who looked like Franklin the turtle and asked to watch hockey in his undies; the writer who humped my leg like a poodle; or the guy who filmed me bowling.  I may have not had a typical 'relationship' for the past decade but I had been having fun.I've been on one date since I've had Will and I have to admit it my nerves were a little bit better.   I'll attribute this to my care factor of success being much lowered. Face it, if the night goes bad...I no longer go home to my empty house and bemoan about it.  I can go home and open Will's door and see the greatest guy ever sleeping like a champ.    So I've decided to take matters into my own hands and set up an online dating profile.  The thought makes me cringe as I thoroughly believe that 'my type' of guy doesn't do online dating.  BUT - let's face it has my 'type' been working - yeah not so much.  I figure if nothing else, it's fodder for the blog right? ""Year 2010 Its been like 5 months since my last post..too much..So here I am my ' not neglected now' blog! :)I have been thinking a lot about what should mark the renewal of my blogging space yet again...and like it was/would have been expected..in Jan what would most people like to talk about..atleast most of the mango people...I aint no different (too much amrican angreezi)!Year gone by...Well..I guess year 2009 has been one filled with too many shocks..surprises..travel...disappointments..cribbing..a lot of such things..nothing too great on the professional front for sure...but personally it has been good (minor hiccups but its been really goood!)I think this year there have been a lot of 'self-realisation' moments and some how I am still reeling under the after effects of the same...I think I still have a long way to go to mature as a 'diplomatic professional'!! I really was under this mis conception that I am a good diplomat..but seeing the people around me..I think I am just too much 'on your face' and its not too good for my own health I think! :)Just some days back, we were asked to take out our Professional hats and put them on..and its a realisation which came in too late into the year, but I think we should never take them out only..just keep them on!! Even though I know that this is how it should be, I still am not sure how to achieve that..and by the way..this is my 'resolution' of the new year!!But with the people I have around, I am afraid I would be able to go beyong a few months (at max) with this!!!!!!!!I think I really need to work on it!This was work..now travel...toooooooo many places....FANTASTIC (In search of a better word! :) )No further disclosers here ;-)I think I just want to 'think' about my personal life..and not pen it down.......Its so much better just to think about it....:)""Doomsday!!! Inspired By Geetu -  Hey all...after a long time I m finding myself a lot of spare time...so much tat i Dino Wat to do..neway i was reading this post abt doomsday by geets and i felt i shud continue on it....What exactly is this doomsday...yeah true it is in bible that apocalypse or end of the world will occur...any1 who read lost symbol will kno abt the real meaning, or the meaning perceived by dan brown....apocalypse means the end of the world true...jus tat it is the end of the world as we know it.... if u dig deeper u will understand that apocalypse refers to a major shift - a thought shift or perception shift...that we will understand the world better and see everything in new light....again "" before light, there shall be darkness""...or ""before peace there shall be war""all this doesn signify end of the world but just the shift that is going to happen.. the terrorism, the wars, the ignorance are all the darkness that comes before illumination....Supporting this, i read sum where on Nostradamus predictions about the end of the world, that end of the world is not the end. Well, being an Indian may b i m favoring this view too much, but he did predict a major or large scale war - the war on terrorism and as it gets nastier, people around the world will lose peace of mind, and the west starts looking towards east. he had actually predicted and upswing of people going towards yoga and spirituality and come to India in search of it...and true to his words, there has been a tremendous increase in people coming towards yoga and cultural centers of India ( google n chk if u want)for people who want more proof...okiez, chk this out... i forgot where i read it frum..sum scientific site in net oly...well they have clearly explained the phenomenon of polar shift, which many are saying will be causing the doomsday...see, everything has polarity ryt? well so does the sun.. and earth revolves around the sun...well apart frum this the sun spins around its own axis... and it takes like so many 13000 odd years for sun to complete this spin.. as u see, the time 2012 is apparently the time this spin s going to change... as it changes the polarity of sun also changes.. ryt nw earth is facing the negative polarity of the sun.... but by 2012 it wud ve cum to the positive polarity...this precise moment wen this -ve to +ve change takes place, in between there will be a moment of imbalance or no polarity time, during wen due to lack of polarity and gravity balance b/w earth n sun there can be a possibility where earth is drawn a bit closer to the sun..if it collides wit sum other planet this tym there s a possibility of damage.. and only due to this slow polar shift does all this natural calamities occur.. these will settle down by 2012..so there is only 1/ millionth of possibility that anything bad can happen....apart from this, the change in polar shift will actually change the world.. it is proven scientifically that everything is energy...due to the negative ions from the sun are our energies negative...wen the polar shift occurs we will be on the positive side and thus the earth will be filled with more positive energy.. and this also falls in line with the dan brown hypothesis and Nostradamus prediction..obviously Nostradamus meant all this spirituality and towards the east as a growth towards ones self or illumination..and hence we also look at the world in a new light....n yeah, the well theorised and scientifically proven astrology will become wrong if doomsday is true...shudn all our lifelines end @ 2012 then...shudn all our horoscopes predict a disaster and end of our lyf? cummon people there s so much proof against dooms day to believe itokay! to conclude i would like to say this...there is law of attraction..sumthin i mentioned in my previous post...yeah i m influenced by this movie ""secret""..but its true.. it works..more the people believe doomsday, which they do thanks to the Internet n its hype, the more they are gonna attract it by their negative thoughts...its proven our thought have mass and they generate energy....so spread this..believe truly and have faith that 2012 is jus a change in our view of the world n not the end of the world... :) cheers"" Galicia (Part 2)February 28, 2010Because I liked Todd's wine so much and because it seemed as if he was a lone ranger kind of guy, I was interested to know what his Galicia looked like.I knew the commercial face, a lot of wine I couldn't drink. Gallo is rules there with its brands like Martin Codax and Kendall-Jackson is buiding a big estate --plantations are underway. I had been warned by the marketing arm that organic is very difficult in Galicia,so wet, I was told. See the celery green part of the map north of Pontevedra? That's the region, the Val do Salnes.First to his vineyards. Todd wants very much to focus on single vineyard albarinos. This was in his organic one--the kind of organic they say is so hard to do ;) in back of a church. The spongy, healthy soil---with diviets from the massive amounts of rain--was filled with thyme and mint and chunks of remarkable red/pink granite. I never saw this kind of granite in soil, gorgeous stuff and they were all around. To see them in the sun might have been exquisite, like TinkerBells in the vineyard. But it was as green as Ireland and as soggy.Inside his winery, in front of the Xoan vineyard, Todd took me through the wines, but first he had a sip of chocolate milk.Now, he's only been making wine since 2003, and is figuring it out. But he has talent. Definitely has talent. One of his odd ideas involves that chocolate milk --and yes you can say I'm a tease--go ahead--and that he often does not destem.Once again, I shock myself with my lazy notes. It is so hard to pull myself from conversation to write, if there was only a way to record my thoughts. Where is the iPhone microphone for the brain?The 2005 Bemil was extremely creamy on the nose and punchy with mandarin with a slight reduction, in a way that seems compelling, that note that I say is like halitosis--but in a good way.The 2004 Bemil had a bit of spritz, a cold metal finish and more mandarin.The 2005 Saiar was tangeriney and had some oxidation.2008 Saiar, bitter arugula greeness with pineapple and the hintiest of tropical but NOT tropicale, if you know what I mean?Notes are silly. What's the point. Here's what's important. He's in the rarity of folk working with native yeast. All of the wines had brilliant acidity, enough to please acid freaks around the world, enough tangerine, mandarinity to mark it's difference and a freshness that is lacking in so many of the modern Albarinos."" Last week, I felt like a real mum. OK so I've got a 4 year old boy, of course I'm a mum. But sometimes I catch sight of myself in a shop window holding his hand, and I think How did I get here? Now I sound like a Talking Heads song, but you get the drift. Do any of you feel like that ever? The first time Elf called me Mummy was a defining moment in my new mummy status. When I went back to work after my year's maternity leave, I was seen differently by new and old colleagues, as I was now a mum. But last week, my mum-o-meter hit new heights - I have finally made it. And why? I sewed Elf's first badge on his hoodie! No it wasn't his first ASBO; I dealt two of those out at the tender age of two, and there was no corresponding badge.Elf achieved Badge 1 for Trampolining. Woody and Jessie achieved theirs too. I sewed it on a bit wonky and half way through, I asked my Other Half if the badge was in fact and iron on one! It wasn't.""excessssssssss - again i becam a copy cat of abhyu....oops...wateva...had got an idea frm abhyu n writing for abhyu dis s gonna be a 10 min post...hehhehehexcess he says nethin taken in excess s bad..and gives an event of him eating in excess due to parental love... and suffering frm it.if we try for sumthin great we may land up few steps behind.and being postponement one of the greatest virtues of all the human beings (exceptions are always there i m talkin abt d lame commmon ppl hehhehe) deadlines has to be fixed well ahead in order to complete them in time on time r atleast after time...had d excess amt of time nt provided dere ll dey do it asap??i had been to the sastra semester abroad programme for US universities last week and the person concerned has asked d members interested to send their bio data for applying.. u believe or not the first question asked by most of the ppl is ""sir when s d last date to apply?"" y ll d ppl think only abt d deadlines and d tasks ll b done only wen d case becums do r die...and one more most observable thing s one night study before d exam n everyone knows dat exam at mrng 9 one night study ll go exam at 2 in d mrng 3 hrs study ll do..hahahhaobserving and analysing nature of human beings s always interesting...p.s. EXCUSE ME WID D SPELLINGS AND CASE... :)"" Life's a Zoo7 different opinions from people other than me 8/15/2009 05:05:00 PM erratically written by Ultragrrrl  I'm running on about 4 hours sleep today, which is making me somewhat zombie-fied. A little over a week ago I was laying in bed, sick as a dog, unable to answer emails, talk to anyone, have any sort of conversation... it sucked. But at least I'm not sleeping because I've been running all over town, taking advantage of a gorgeous Friday -- and one of the last of the Summer.One of my favorite things in life are animals. Not only are they delicious, but they're adorable as well. I try to make it to the Central Park Zoo at least once a year, if I can, to just walk around and check out what they've got. It's not much, but it satiates my appetite enough to make me feel somewhat OK with the fact that I haven't been to the Bronx Zoo in about 18 years. I went through a phase where I hated zoos and found them to be evil and cruel for taking animals out of their habitat and plucking them down in the middle of a pen for everyone to see -- but my opinion has since changed. The wild is dangerous with poachers, over expansion, and pollution. At least in these pens, these animals are somewhat safe. My biggest concern is their boredom, as I'm sure looking at people all day is not as exciting for them as it is for me. If anyone has any opinion on the subject of animals in Zoos, I'm open to hear and potentially learn, from your opinion.Anyways... photos from yesterday:My boyfriend and I at the Zoo:Here are the penguins. My boyfriend says I walk like a penguin and he's not entirely wrong:After the zoo we went to the BMW dealership to check out some bikes and then had an amazing Indian food dinner at this spot called Indigo Bistro in midtown east. I think it's going to be our new regular spot since the service was AMAZING and the food was delicious. They brought us free vegetable fritters, me a free mango lassi, and made a special dish for my boyfriend who couldn't decide what he should get! Happy Indian indepedance Day, by the way!Apres dinner I hopped over to Art Bar to meet up with my friend John Dirschel for his birthday and was delighted to see his twin brother Brian as well! In high school I was soooo in love with John Dirschel, as were all my friends. He was so cute and looked like Kurt Cobain with long blonde hair and blue eyes. I was a tomboyish runt in high school and everyone just saw me as one of the boys. I had mostly guy friends who considered me their best friend/little sister, and John was one of those guys. I was his lil' sis that he'd wrestle and mess around with... and meanwhile I would dream of a day that he would see me as more than a friend and ask me out. But he was 2 years older than me and left for college when I was a sophomore and soon he joined the Coast Guard, cut of all his hair, and toured the world. I remember seeing him in 2006 when he was on break and he was jacked up. I couldn't believe my scrawny Kurt-esque high school crush was now a real-life man.He's since left the Coast Guard (or leave of absences? whatever it's called when you don't have to go on tour anymore) and getting his Masters degree in LA and is now way smaller but super toned from doing exercizes that make him secretly strong. When he lifts me up in the air, I basically float. It's so wonderful to be able to see him from time to time and catch up on our lives. We live such different lives but are still insanely connected with many of the same intersts. Anyway, it was really great seeing him this time around since the last time I was with him was when Brandon called me to tell me that our friend Vinny had passed. John was a wonderful shoulder to cry on at that moment, but for whatever reason, it left me nervous to see him again.Here's a photo of me with the Dirschel boys. Brian is on the left and John is on the right. They're identical and two of the sweetest boys you'll ever meet in your life:At about 2 or 3 am we left Art Bar and went to Electric Lady Land studios to visit Courtney Love who is there recording. Hole's songs are turning out amazing and really right up there in the realm of Live Through This (my favorite Hole album... according to my boyfriend it's because I was an angry teenager when it came out, and it's a tortured and angry record) and Celebrity Skin. They were recording a cover song -- I can't say which one just yet cos it might be a secret -- and the boys and I were there to be a peanut gallery and talk about quantum physics. I saw a ghost recently and Micko Larkin, the Hole guitarist, heard one sing into the mic at the studio lastnight... so we exchanged real-life ghost stories. I don't think I've gone crazy, but there's a jury out on that.Anyway, the bathroom at Electric Lady Land is super cool, so Courtney and I took pics of each other. I think this will be my album artwork one day in my fantasy life:And here's Courtney:At about 5:30am, Brian and I called it a night and he came over to mine to crash and provided a wonderful dose of entertainment in the morning as Gurj was packing to move out of the legendary 3A apartment.It's the end of another era."" OK, so I may have overpainted the serious and boring self-portrait at the end of my last post. That's certainly not the whole of who I was.But religiously speaking, a ""scared escapee from life"" who also happened to love to sing hymns and was drawn to the aesthetics of Episcopal liturgies--that's pretty accurate.And my ""deal"" with God to protect me from heartbreak if I stayed away from intimate relationships and sex--well, let's just say that was more the ideal in my head than the reality in practice. The reality involved some pretty confused and confusing romantic relationships--some of them more or less platonic, some of them half-platonic (i.e., from my side of the table, not from the male side), and some of them more or less non-platonic except that sex was a contested arena, a kind of battleground, both within myself and with a male partner in those days.Suffice it to say that this was not the most healthy or wholesome way to approach ordination to the priesthood. And how did that even come into the picture?"" I¡¯m Ellie, a 30 something mum of two beautiful little people, Big E aged 3 & Little E aged 9 months, and wife to my long suffering husband Mr H.We live in the UK in somewhere Yorkshire.I¡¯m currently on the last few weeks of my maternity leave, and am loving being a second time mum, although no-one told me it¡¯d be this much like hard work. They¡¯re worth every sleepless night!I¡¯m an ¡®experimental¡¯ cook and Jamie Oliver fan (if you haven¡¯t got his Ministry of Food book go get it!), love reading but don¡¯t get much chance, which is probably a good thing as I currently have the concentration span of a potato. I¡¯m also enjoying trying my hand at writing (¡¯tis quite cathartic you know), I¡¯m Twitter addicted and love, love, love blogging.I used to paint in a former life when I was an art student (my favourite artist is Degas) and randomly took up knitting when I was pregnant with Little E (I¡¯m actually quite good!).""My coversations with God 1 God are you smiling? I am sure its fun for You ;) but but..I hope You make sure its just fun for me too..You have seen me do this before..are You not bored of it?Please keep me closer..you know when I need you to give me a tight hug!Love you.Contd. 23 Aug 2009God please plase give me the mind to be able to concentrate on the dissertation for this week and wrap it off. I really really want to have some time off it in Manchester. And I am trying to beat all physical distractions. But God you will have to take care of my mind..you know how useless it is ;) Please..I hope you are not having a good laugh right now!! [The emoticon I want to use here is :P but I think you might not like it!!]Contd. 24th Aug 2009God that was a hearty laugh I had, thanks! And the time after that - I dont want to be this. Can you help? please. Imagine - I cant continue like this forever ;) isnt it? So please make sure I have plenty of it around me :DAnd yeah, thanks for being so attentive to details - you know what I mean. I will flatter myself and think that you have all the time in the world (pun intended) to actually post url errors to me - Marvellous.Lots of love!Contd. 27th Aug 2009God this better be good..I am really really tired. I dont feel like I am putting my best foot forward..I really really really need a big tight hug..please help me out..please make me work through it..pleasepretty please.."" 2 New Teeth, Crawling, and Self-Pacifier-WeaningHow's that for a title?Eli finally cut his 2 top front teeth this past week. They'd been bumps there forever and they finally made their way through. Can I tell you how hard it is to catch those two little teeth on camera though? Very hard. This is as close as I got:And yes, Jeremy is holding him upside down so I could get this. Luckily Eli thought that was a blast. The left one came in first and a couple days later, the right one joined in. Very exciting. And it looks like there are several more also on their way. Fun fun!Next up: crawling. Eli took his first few real forward crawls today (crawls? they're not steps; i don't know what you call them). He's been scooting, rolling, army crawling, getting on his hands and knees, going backward, and so forth, but today we saw the first glimpses of the real deal. He takes a few crawls (again, that sounds so weird) and then drops to his tummy again for the army crawl, but I'm sure he will be crawling the length of our house in no time. :) I managed to catch a bit of it on video (please ignore my encouraging sounds - I hate hearing myself on video, but I forget to shut my mouth when I press record; and it's really short because I ran out of memory). And last but not least...no more pacifier! At least I think so. It seems like I got off way too easy, so I'm not sure if we've really seen the end of it here, but it appears so. I usually only would give Eli his pacifier when he went to sleep and when we were at church (they should call it a ""muter""); oh, and sometimes when I teach lessons. Anyway, but lately he has refused it at bed time so I just stopped giving it to him and he hasn't seemed to miss it at all! I was planning on trying to wean him from it soon anyway, but I certainly didn't think it would be this easy. Here's hoping it's really over! I should just throw them away and then it really will be over...hmm. We'll see.So that's the update! This boy's changing fast! He pulls himself up to stand a lot now too. It's so fun to see him growing up. He'll be running around by the time the warm summer weather gets here. Yea!!!"This is my studio. Not just another room in the house. It holds all that is me. My studio is both my consolation and refuge. It is here, that I am me. My feelings, my fantasies, my emotions are buried in these paintings. All my desires are entombed here, suffocated in this very room. I acknowledge them when I am inside the studio and leave them behind when I leave. It happens to be a convenient arrangement for someone with a detached and troubled personality as I. For days, I forget to even eat and remain within this room. No, it doesn¡¯t confine or restrict me. It is outside these four walls that I feel confined. I have to be someone else. I have to act like the someone else people expect me to be. Rather strange, but when I am working in my studio, I feel in control. I am aware of my feelings and I am in touch with my inner self. Is this what they call Nirvana? Yes, I have found my true love. My studio. Warning: Doesn¡¯t have anything to do with me. I am only as artistic and nimble as a chicken." God Save The QueenIf I seem a little quiet lately, not as chatty, not posting on other people¡¯s blogs as much as usual, it¡¯s because March is a tough month. 27 years ago, March started out great with the birth of my daughter, then it quickly went down hill when my husband died 11 days later. Today¡¯s his birthday, in fact. He¡¯d have been 51. It doesn¡¯t help that right now I¡¯m ¡°Emily¡± and ¡°Shawna¡± on bogus diet websites that use my before and after photos (and photos of my grandchildren!!) and a fabricated story that I used colon cleanses, resveritrol and acai berries to lose weight. You know and I know that isn¡¯t true, but there are thousands of folks who see my before and after photos on those sites and think it¡¯s really how I did it. And they¡¯re getting ripped off because of it. Pardon my language, but this really pisses me off.When I was a kid, I rarely stuck up for myself. I allowed people to say some pretty cruel things about me or my beliefs without me putting up much of a defense. I¡¯d defend my friends, and when I had children, I was always their protector, but when it came to me, it was like I didn¡¯t matter. When I took on the task of losing weight, I never imagined so many inner demons would line up to fight to justify their existence in my life, and lately the more I meditate, the more I realize the ways I remain the queen of acquiescence. The folks who stole my image to make a profit are no different than the boys who called me fat, the girls who threatened to not be my friend if I didn¡¯t give them candy from my dad¡¯s store, or even my ex-husband (not the one who died) who tossed me around a time or two. They are all bullies, and ignoring them ? which was always the advice I got ? didn¡¯t make them go away. It¡¯s ironic that my weight is the crux of the issue with my cyber bullies, only the problem now is that it¡¯s expensive to take on these bullies. Words ? at least ones sent by me ? aren¡¯t enough. I had to hire an attorney to fight these jerks, but two of the sites are based in the UK and so my new BFF (or rather, bloke) will probably be an attorney in London who is an associate of my attorney in Pittsburgh. Helluva time to have gone to a cash-only budget, eh?Most of us at some point have encountered bullies. I¡¯m curious who yours are and how you handled them. Did your weight hold you back? Where do you find your confidence?March sucks, and I¡¯ll probably cry about this later tonight. I might even scream into my pillow. But know that I really appreciate you listening."After migrating to Singapore and living in a world sans TV, if there¡¯s one thing I miss about the small screen, it¡¯s got to be the advertisements! My love for Indian ads started out when I was a very small and rather annoying kid. I was hyper all the time. And I used to play this game called ¡°Guess the Adu¡± with my dad. It was pretty simple. Basically, when an advertisement began we had to guess the brand/product before it got announced in the ad, and whoever guessed it right first got 1 point. The first person to reach 10 points was the winner. I used to win all the time of course. (Truth is, my dad would play the game primarily to shut me up. Perhaps the fact that I threw tantrums when I lost also had something to do with my successive victories.) I¡¯ve always found advertisements very attractive and fascinating. I even surf channels looking for new commercials. There are awfully creative ads (Saint ?Gobain types) and there are some really stupid silly ones, which nevertheless, I enjoy laughing at. Then there are the oh-so-cute ones (like the Hutch puppy) and the jingles (Titan, Airtel, Doodh Doodh). There are also patriotic (Lead India)and for-a-cause ads(Aaj Tak). Ads with megahuge brand ambassadors, witty taglines, stupid taglines, no taglines and periodically changing taglines.  When I sit and think about old commercials now, I noticed I am able to recall the absolutely lame and inane ones as easily as the witty ones. For instance, I loved ¡°Illathin yezhil vannam¡± ; the well-known jingle by Nerolac. I didn¡¯t really enjoy the one by Nirma: ¡°Washing Powder Nirma¡±. Yet that¡¯s what came to my mind first. :OSummer vacations are nothing new.. I ve been enjoying them every year. But this time it was different. That was because holidays after twelfth boards is like a never ending pit filled with one element - Boredom. But i realised one thing this summer. Dogs are the best companions of man! I spent all my time pampering two of the most adorable dogs in the world. They re Jeeves and Billiken. Though it was a little irritating now and then , i thoroughly enjoyed myself . They both walked into my lives as mere street dogs but now they mean more than anything else to me. One fine January morning , i spotted a white and brown dog sleeping under a two-wheeler. It looked so much like 'Shengu' ( Our old dog who left us sobbing on the 20th of November, 2005) . We started feeding him and officially accepted him as a part of our family. I was quite obsessed with P.G.Wodehouse's books then , so i named him Jeeves .Colors aren¡¯t always the best thing to happen! It is often their absence which holds more promises to me. Colors, with their exuberance and fulfillment, are more intoxicating than is the serene sense of being colorless. The tangles that colors often tie me in bring about hopes and expectations which I am often not capable to meet. The more spectral hues cause higher degrees of trauma to surround me in a state of clinching fear. It is a state of crisis I go through on knowing that the absence of colors is no where near. Getting routinely habitual hues can be disturbing to a stable mental state of thoughts.  Religiously being exposed to such luxury is instantly welcomed with open arms. But, only till that instant when you don¡¯t lose your self to the comfort of not knowing yourself. Accepted in the initial stage, this unfamiliarity tends to be damaging with gradual effect. The only hopes that I then hold are the subtle recovery of my stability to support me enough to know myself further and better. And that is where the colorlessness seems more attractive than ever before!" Dinner NewsWe cooked our first chicken....and no I don't have any pictures. My husband said it was time to get rid of a few roosters. He has experience in this, so he just jumped right in and started with ""crooked tail."" I told my family not to name the chickens, but some of them ended up with names anyway. Crooked tail was one that they incubated themselves. Something must have gone wrong in the egg turning department. He was crooked, he had a crooked tail (hence the name), he crowed crooked, he walked crooked, and a crooked breast bone. My kids unfortunately went outside at a bad time. Ben came in and said ""I am mad at dad!"" I tried to explain to him why it was happening, he responded ""I am x-ing your words mom"" Good thing I am not an Internet site to be x-ed off. They were both very upset but eventually they calmed down. I was very surprised at how little meat was on this chicken, not enough for dinner. The children have refused to eat any. I never thought that raising animals would encourage my children to become vegetarians. Time will only tell. I have a chicken recipe that I am hopeful will entice them to eat chicken again.A few nights ago over dinner my children started having a conversation about poop. Usually that kind of talk is only allowed in the bathroom at our house, but this conversation wasn't about human poop. Lucy was telling Ben about the nature walk she went on and some poop she saw. Excitedly he asked ""what did it look like?"" She went on to describe it and he confidently responded ""it was fox poop!"" My husband and I were trying to stifle our laughter long enough to ask them to change the subject. I never thought that I would hear my children having such a conversation. I am not an animal person, or a big outdoor person for that matter. But people change, learn, and grow. And these little people that have come into my life have their own interests and they love animals and the outdoors.Posted by Mimi Nowland at 9:11 AM 3 commentsSUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 2010EggsHow much would you say these eggs cost?These are fresh, organic, free range eggs. And right now they cost about 6 dollars an egg. We are finally collecting eggs from our chickens. It took Jared a few days to find all of their spots, but now we are collecting between 8-10 eggs a day. I have to tell you they are pretty tasty, I don't know about $6 tasty. That price should go down as they continue to lay. It has been an adventure and will likely continue to be one! Bring on the egg recipes!"" Busy ÿPosted by Sarah | Posted in Go Vegan | Posted on 14-03-20108Haven¡¯t been blogging much this week (I hate it when bloggers give excuses about why they haven¡¯t been blogging) because I¡¯ve been so busy with the renos at the tattoo shop and also planning for a catering job I did this weekend. I couldn¡¯t blog about the catering job because I didn¡¯t want to ruin the surprise!!I don¡¯t do a lot of catering gigs ? they are a lot of work and I¡¯m lazy. *laugh* Just kidding. Kind of. Actually I don¡¯t do a lot of catering gigs because I¡¯m usually asked to do large events (over 100 people) and it¡¯s kind of a drag (for me) to cook for that many people so I¡¯ve been saying NO a lot lately. Plus I¡¯ve been trying to re-charge my creative batteries by staying out of the kitchen and working on other things.But a few weeks ago I got a lovely letter from Robyn who told me it was her girlfriend Jenni¡¯s birthday (who¡¯s a big fan of the cookbooks) and she and her friends wanted to hire me to be Jenni¡¯s birthday present and prepare them a birthday dinner for 12.The letter was so endearing and full of love for her friend Jenni that the more I thought about it ÿ the more I couldn¡¯t say no. Best of all the dinner would be here in Victoria (no traveling), the ingredients would be taken care of by Adam & Daisy (the owners of The Root Cellar and best friends of the birthday girl) and I could bring Gerry to be my helper.  :)I especially wanted to bring Gerry w/me because he could be my ¡°buffer/body guard¡±. You never know what people/strangers are going to be like ÿ and this group could have turned out to be a bunch of weirdos. Luckily they turned out to be AWESOME and we had a whale of a good time.  :)I showed up early to prepare the appetizers and then Robyn dressed me up in ribbons and bows and I hid in the dining room waiting for Jenni to arrive. When she knocked on the door I jumped out and Jenni was so shocked to see me she started crying. YAY! I love making people cry with joy!!After the initial excitement of me being ¡°the present¡± was over ÿ the girls went downstairs to go get dressed up and I started cooking in the kitchen. To make things easier for myself I did most of my prep at home the day before and in the morning of the party and had everything ready in zip-lock bags and ready to go for when I got there. That way I could walk into the kitchen, throw the ingredients into the pot and start cooking ÿThe Menu:Appetizers:-Tapenade w/crusty bread ? (pg 63 ? La Dolce Vegan)-Pesto pinwheel puffs (pg 55 La Dolce Vegan)-Stuffed cherry tomatoes with Olivada (pg 58 La Dolce Vegan)Soup:-Curried Squash Soup ? (pg 83 ? Garden of Vegan)Salad:-Raw Kale Salad ? new recipe I¡¯m working onMain:-Linda¡¯s Ginger ¡°chicken¡± (pg 106 ? How It All Vegan 10th ann edition)Sides:-Quinoa (for chicken)-Roasted Asparagus w/added greens (pg 185 ? La Dolce Vegan)Dessert:-Chocolate Bourbon Pecan Pie (pg 153 ? How It All Vegan 10th ann edition)-w/Raspberry couli & fresh raspberry as garnishI doubled or tripled the recipes and there was more than enough for everyone (including Gerry and myself). I wasn¡¯t able to get a lot of good photos as the lighting wasn¡¯t great and I was REALLY busy making sure the food got to the table but I managed to take a few ÿLinda¡¯s Ginger ¡°Chicken¡± from HIAV-X.Chocolate Bourbon Pecan Pie from HIAV-XHappy Birthday Jenni!Me and The Girls!  :)It was such a fun night ÿ Love, love and more love was in that room. Jenni, Robyn, Daisy and all their friends were gracious, funny and really fun to hang out with. I was truly honoured to be a part of their intimate family/friends birthday dinner.And BIG THANKS to The Root Cellar for all the ingredients.If you Victorian¡¯s haven¡¯t been ? The Root Cellar is located at 1286 McKenzie Ave. I¡¯m ashamed to admit that I had never been there before because it¡¯s a bit of a drive from where I live ÿ but the quality of their produce is soooo worth the drive. I can¡¯t wait to go back and shop for myself!! :)"I had an unusual media epiphany last week, and it had nothing to do with Trafigura, Jan Moir or the balloon boy, whatever that last one was all about. No, what happened was this. I was sitting on a train, reading an article in the financial pages of the Guardian, on my way to a conference in Exeter. So far, so unremarkable. The article was about WH Smith's business plans. It's going to open 80 new outlets inside office buildings, based on the success of a number of shops it's set up inside hospitals. Profits are up at WH Smith, the article added, thanks to the canny strategies of its CEO, Kate Swann. It was at that point that I had my epiphany. Here was an article in a newspaper about a successful FTSE 250 company that happens to have a female CEO. Not only that, but it had been written by a female journalist (Julia Finch), and was being read by a female business person (me). And yet at no point was the gender of the reader, writer or subject made an issue. The article didn't appear in the women's pages, or in a glossy women's supplement."One year since a disaster...Its been a year since the attack took place in Mumbai... the suddeness of that attack left us all thinking about the status of our security... so who is to be blamed? Is it our Government, the Pakistani Government, the Terrorists, the Indian navy???? well, i sincerely feel the problem lies with us.. yes each one of us... surprised.. i'll tell you how..Jus think and answer this question... how many times have you laughed recently, a true laugh from ur heart..? how many times did you smile, a smile that reached your eyes? how many times did you engage in some activity with passion? how many times did you do something which gave you real happiness? how many people have felt happy because you're in their life? did you actually make a positive difference to anyone's life in the recent past? Scan your thoughts and tell me whether you think more of positive thoughts or negative ones?I'm sure most of the people around will have unsatisfactory answers to the above questions...There's a serious problem with our lifestyle, we care for nothing and no one, we just think of the work we have, our ambitions, our problems, nothin else.. we are so wrapped in ourselves to even think of others- our family, our friends, our near and dear ones... leave alone the society and the nation...There's no spirit of living anywhere... its only survival of the fittest... a rat race where all of us are competing... some of us without even realising why we are here and some are left wondering whether they even belong to this world...so how does all this relate to the title of this post???( i hear you asking:) )wat do you when u r irritated on a day? u show that irritation towards someone else.. and that someone to somebody else..This continues as a reaction.. and as you might have read in thermodynamics(even if you haven't), the disorder in the universe keeps increasing.. and hence all the anger keeps adding up and then when its too much it jus shows up somewhere..you are wondering wat i'm probably blabbering, but that's how it is.. the earth, nature and the whole universe perform and respond to our emotions through events...:)You might have noticed that positive things happen to you when you're happy and wen u r already angry, something keeps happening to make it worse...So, the anger and contempt and indifference we have built around us, that which surrounds us like a second skin is what is making the world respond to us with hatred... What do we do about it..? I'm definitely not going to preach about humanity and compassion... We need a renaissance, a change within ourselves, a change in our attitude, our perception, the way we look at the world...We need more positivity in our thinking... passion and purpose for all our actions... love towards all our fellow beings.. admiration towards nature...and contentment in our heart..........If each one of us were to follow this, all hatred would vanish and the world would be a much better place to live in...""An evening in London Venue ? Bromley South, KentKent is a home county for London. 7 such counties surrounding London have been identified as Home Counties which constitute some kind of a Greater London. It is similar to having a National Capital Region in India. London lies in the South East of England. Craig: British from Preston, Lancashire (It¡¯s the same county for Manchester). Lancashire is in North West England. The size of this island (including Ireland) is quite small; it ranks 78 on the list of countries sorted by area. The distance between Preston and London is somewhere between 200-300miles. The distance between Agra and Lucknow is 225miles. The reason for giving all these statistics in Craig¡¯s introduction is that Craig very deeply felt that people in the North West are far better than the people in South East. I was amazed at how difference could arise within a matter of couple of 100 miles. A distance which is hardly significant in a country as large as India. Craig quite openly expressed how ¡®up in the north¡¯ people think logically where as in the South they are so illogical. ¡®It is so difficult to make them understand¡¯. As an outsider I can never imagine one English man to be less logical than another just because he is from down South. He had been completely stressed out by the London Tube (which can be bewildering for any first timer I must admit) and almost cursed the City. The entire ordeal seemed to be worsened by the fact that it was a sunny day at 19 degrees. He was red and sweating (like a pig?). I was quite suspicious of his several sneezes due to spreading Swine Flu. He must have been in his late thirties and looked like one of the many victims of recession in this country. Though his demeanour was nothing like a victim. He tried to assert himself and tried to make his presence felt by asking for adjusting the air conditioning of all the rooms we were taken to, water and tea. He mentioned how much he had been working on the tests and could solve any problems thanks to his logical thinking. Even between tests he felt necessary to announce how he did so well and that it was so simple if you could just think logically.This could well be an animated effort from the numerous videos on internet telling you to be at ease and confident about yourself at assessment centres. My reaction to him ranged from pity for he had to come to a graduate recruitment to ¡®please shun this attitude¡¯.Imran: I cannot comment on his nationality. Reason being he had come to England as a toddler perhaps from Pakistan. He was also from Manchester, but a different Uni. I had seen him outside the venue sceptical of entering the building. Finally when he did come inside and I tried to give him a smile but he was clearly quite uneasy and started looking in a different direction after a sheepish smile. It took another boy and 10 minutes to finally get him to tell his whereabouts.I think his appearance needs to be described here for the sole reason that it was a big part of his personality (and I doubt, his existence). He wore large glasses in an outdated frame. He had longish hair forcibly combed backwards to appear clean. He had a beard which was jet black in colour and went way down his chin. His suit gave away the fact that it was borrowed from a healthy, taller person as he was extremely thin. He was evidently a little withdrawn from other candidates and had been looking for a job for more than a year now. I didn¡¯t get to spend much time with him as we were divided into different groups. But as soon we were taken for the first test he folded his trousers up to reveal his mismatched socks and ankles. I do not understand this habit/requirement of Islamic dressing but it did feel a little awkward to do so in a formal environment while wearing a suit. Imran was a kind of person whom you feel like knowing about because some how he seemed to have held so much behind those glasses and the beard.Chaitanya: Fellow Indian from a remote place at 4 hours distance from London. I am yet to familiarise myself with the naming conventions for places in England. There is a Salford in Manchester, so I am not sure if there could be a different Salfordshire County somewhere in the South. I saw him too, outside the venue. He sat under a tree waiting for the time to go in. I believe both of us had arrived a tad too early for British standards (You got to be on time, not a minute before not a minute late). I suspect he made an effort to exchange a smile before going in but I escaped behind my red book. Chaitanya is from Hyderabad, AP (I can tell a Hyderabadi from a distance fairly accurately:)). He saw my name on the visitor¡¯s books and started the conversation. He was pleasant to talk to and frankly made me ease out a bit. However during the group activity though he was unexpectedly passive. I deliberately tried to include him in the discussion on 2 occasions which I think he took pretty well. At the end of the day we left the building together asking each other to be in touch. (Just a casual British pleasantry to exchange)Chaitanya is pursuing an MBA and I was surprised that he applied for this job. Daniel: British from Cambridge. Cambridge is not far from London. But it may take an hour and half with public transport. He reached late and I met him directly in the exam room. This pretty much limited our interaction. Nothing to do with him, is my excitement of meeting anybody named Daniel. It started well before coming to UK when during one of my numerous therapeutic conversations, S(P) and I decided that I would meet a Daniel here who would be my knight and S(P) would be enchanted by a Sophie :). So with the name Daniel I associate some expectations. And when I do meet some Daniel, I smile to myself remembering our random conversations and the good it does to me ? always :)But this Daniel seemed to be particularly unlike my Daniel. He had a running nose (another suspicion of Swine Flu) and was shivering (out of nervousness?). He had a freckled face and curly red hair. Not a fault of his of course, but somehow I feel that red hair are too doll-like. I blamed him for not being the Daniel and then laughed at my own stupidity. Xang (assumed) and MEA (name not known) were the other 2 candidates. Xang was from Birmingham and hardly spoke. MEA (Middle East, Europe & Asia) has been so called as he appeared from a Middle Eastern country with an accent. I could be wrong and he could well be an East European with dark hair. I didn¡¯t have much chance to talk to them. They were pretty much a part of the group, rather than individuals.I think the best part of coming to UK so far has been to be able to meet so many different people both in terms of nature and nationalities."I recently discovered that I just love to eat. No I am not fat. But I am just loving food now more than I ever did in my life. I don¡¯t know why. Is it because I am totally relaxed with my life that I can finally focus on the food I eat ? Hmmÿno not really. My life is not what I would describe as ¡°relaxed¡± at any level. But stillÿI am loving food. For instance, there was this simple curd rice, with Ruchi¡¯s mixed vegetable pickle, and mango for lunch and it took a lot of effort to keep me from licking the plate! It¡¯s the combination of the sourness of the curd and the ¡°hot¡±ness of the pickle with the sweetness of the mango I guess. I¡¯m still dreaming about it. Oh that pineapple rasam rice with ground-nut thovayal and potato chips. AhhÿWhat a heavely combination. My stomach felt soo happy after it. Today for lunch there was this special cauliflower manchurian that was made for my little niece. I secretly stole a piece and it was just fabulous. The mild aroma of ginger and the sweet-hot sauce with that delectable chinese-food fragrance. Faanntaasstic.  I can go on an donÿthe bisibelabath that I had for lunch, with a side of sepankelangu fry, the spinach masiyal yesterday, the simple dal and gheeÿ. I guess I better watch my weight." The random stats we share...but maybe shouldn't?!By Sara on March 12, 2010 3:53 PM | 3 Comments | No TrackBacksI never wanted to be one of 'those moms'.  You know the ones that can take the topic of a conversation and somehow squeeze in a cute little anecdote about their kid?Sara - 'Did you hear the new White Stripes?  It's awesome.'Crazy Mom - 'If you want to talk awesome and white, you should see the painting that Little Billy did at school of this sheep.  Kill-ah.'Sara - 'Waiter - beer please'.Well, I guess considering I'm writing this blog, that I'm one of those moms.  I tend to do this most often at work, I think because I miss the boy.  There are times though, like at our book club, that speaking of our kids is taboo - we need to cover more important topics like body waxing and south american wines - oh and the book, right, the book. The thing that kills me though is when people you don't know share random stats with you about their kids.  Like totally out of the blue. (ugh - just noticed my finger is totally green from some cheapo ring that I bought...that ain't pretty).  SEE!  A random thought like that!Will and I were at the library the other night.  He was choosing what book he would torture me with for the next week and I was trying to hide the container of raisins that he was illegally eating.  I was eavesdropping on this couple who were reading to their young baby.  They were discussing how they would teach her to pronounce her ""r's"" (huh?  I just want Will to say some words, I don't give a rats ass how he pronounces them).  Anyway, Will wanted to say hi to the baby so we ventured over.  This led to a bizarre exchange.  Well, exchange by them to me, where I stood looking back and forth like a tennis match until the librarian came over and booted them out for talking so loud.They asked how old Will was and I told them...and the flood started.  In a matter of seconds, I learned where the babies outfit and sling came from, that she sleeps through the night and had for months (no, no, no people some of us weren't that lucky, and we REALLY dislike these stories) OH and that she can play the organ for twenty minutes at a time.Maybe it was good for me to run into them because it made me realize that not everyone wants to hear every little thing about your kid - even if you think it's totally adorable (like how Will now has to sleep with the book that he picked out which is literally as tall as him).  Ugh...I did it again.  I guess this post was nothing more than another chance to tell you cute stories about my kid....I better get him started on an instrument stat. "" What? No escape? I thought that I would be able to get up and down if I needed to. When I heard I couldn't leave the pit of hell, I almost fainted! I started to get an anxiety attack. 110  minutes of this heat would surely kill me right? Well, almost. I didn't die. But it was NUTS. And towards the end, I couldn't put my head lower than my heart without almost fainting. So I took it easy for the last half hour and poured the droplets of water I had left in my bottle over my head as soon as I left the class.Bikram Yoga isn't for me. But regular Yoga most certainly is! I can't wait to find a room temperature class to take part in. I even got two of my friends to come along. It should be fun. I will keep you posted.I don't know why I deleted my old blog! Why did I do that? I didn't feel like writing it one day and then POOF - delete. I'm too quick with the keyboard. This time around, I am going to write when I feel like I have something to say.No committment. No pressure. Just whenever I have something important to get off my chest...  ""Associates on Partner Track Need a Plan BBig law firms are naming fewer associates to the partner track, according to a Business Week article titled Making Partner Less Likely as Big Law Firms Face Cash Crunch.The article reports:Dewey & LeBoeuf LLP in New York announced it was promoting only six attorneys to equity partner in December, down from 20 a year earlier. Mayer Brown LLP in Chicago said it promoted 14 attorneys to partner in November, down from 27, and Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP in San Francisco announced seven partner promotions this month, down from 15 a year ago. Revenue at U.S. firms was forecast to drop as much as 10 percent in 2009, according to a survey of 131 firms by Citi Private Bank¡¯s law firm group.Here are some likely implications:Associates will give more thought to hanging out their own shingle after gaining a few years of experience plus the money to offset law school loansBusiness development skills will play a crucial role in new partner selectionMid-sized firms will benefit from high level associates seeking better working conditionsAggressive associates may move to in-house counsel positions more readilyLonger term, economic and competitive pressures will continue to push costs down while forcing law firms to increase proficiency in both operations and legal business development.Posted by Margaret Grisdela at 4:04 PM 0 comments Links to this post  Labels: business developmentTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2010The Florida Bar Requires New Website Disclaimer PageAttorneys licensed and/or promoting their services in Florida may provide information about the lawyer/firm¡¯s past results and testimonials on their website ONLY IF they comply with new attorney advertising guidelines scheduled to take effect on July 1, 2010. A new ""disclaimer"" page must be added to sites that want to provide this information. Click here for sample disclaimer language for Florida law firm websites. We'll be writing more about these changes in future posts."I wish I had taken a more proactive approach to my son's eating habits. Being the first-time new mom I did not know what the right quantity of food that should be given to an infant nor did I know how and when to feed the infant. Now after a year and 5 months I realize a few things which I wish I had known earlier. These would have helped my son be a better eater and me a more satisfied mom. 1. Never force feed your baby even when they are tiny babies. That habit must start from the cradle. 2. Kids know when they are hungry. So force feeding will kill their basic instinct. (It is very difficult to get back that instinct). And they will start developing hatred towards food. 3. If you start force feeding during the baby days, you will probably end up like me - always running behind your child during meal times. I dread meal times! Phew! It breaks my back. 4. Kids are not machines or "gunny bags" to eat some standard quantity of food at regular intervals. They will have their own pattern. We could possibly produce food in front of them every three hours or so and let them eat sitting in one place. This pathetic habit of showing some entertainment while eating - SUCKS! Don't even try it. 5. This really limits my ability to travel with my son and generally doing other things because a ) it is hell time consuming b)I don¡¯t think I have the energy left to do anything else after a war with my son. Phew! I wish some day my son and I would break this lousy habit of running around and chasing each other while eating and I wish we would have happier and peaceful mealtimes. God help me!I don't know how they thought they could get away with this, said Jibby McBib, a disappointed Aussie customer. "Just because it's on the back of the bottle doesn't mean people won't find out it's there." McBib said she would no longer buy Aussie products, but was unsure of which haircare products she could now trust. "You never read about this kind of thing in the media," she said. "It's always all about how it makes your hair look, what it smells like, and that kind of thing. To imagine this kind of thing has been going on all the time behind our backs...well, it makes me sick." Forensic literary science expert Bilbo McCrum believes the problem runs deeper than simple improper comma use. "Here is a company that promotes itself as being Australian, yet clearly refers to the country of Australia as a place from which macadamia nuts have to be 'brought back' for 'the rest of us'," he said. "This, combined with the failure to name the explorer who brought back the nuts, or indeed to specify where the nuts were brought back to, very much points to the presence of an unreliable narrator," McCrum continued." I was planning on a Tibetan lesson last night, but when it got cancelled, I was left with ¡°nothing¡± to do. ¡°Nothing¡±, for me, apparently translates into:Going for a run, getting rained onComing home, taking a showerEmailing a bunch of people about upcoming shootsGoing to a cafe, eating a red velvet cupcake, and studying Tibetan for an hour or soWalking home, stopping by the store on the wayDoing two blog posts about my yak leather bag(s) and an upcoming trip to TibetReceiving email back from people for the upcoming shoots?hurray, got the models I wanted!Going to see my friend Will and his band Pure Ecstasy at a bar down the way, with camera in towDownloading shots, making selects, and exporting JPGsFinally crashing into bedAnd let¡¯s note, that all took place between about 6pm and 1am. Solid evening! Here are a couple favorites from Pure Ecstasy at the Broadway Grill.Stage lighting is so tricky. It looks awesome in person but is killer-hard to get right on camera. I think the trick is that you just have to completely GO WITH IT. So far as I know, there¡¯s no good tool to ¡°fight¡± it?and by that I mean normalize it somehow?other than going black and white. This is the kind of thing I can only seem to learn when I¡¯m just messing around?like last night. By the way, I didn¡¯t do any color correction on any of these photos?just tweaked the curves a little and added some noise reduction, along with a bunch of cropping.Note also that I scared the crap out of the band when I snuck up behind them (whoops). Sometimes I think being a musician is a big advantage in shooting musicians?it does help me anticipate when things are going to happen?but then sometimes I think being a woman overshadows that completely."" My Lentil WeekendI wrote over on Lynn¡¯s Weigh yesterday on Facebook (come join us over there!) that when I get a hankering for a particular food, I eat it to death over the course of a few weeks then forget about it for awhile. This weekend lentils sounded really good, so I dug out my favorite lentil soup recipe and tried a new lentil ¡°burger¡± recipe. Thought I¡¯d share them both with you. I can¡¯t remember where I got this soup recipe, so I apologize to whomever I lifted this from. I modified it a bit, but it¡¯s not originally my recipe. Lentil Vegetable SoupMakes 6 2-cup servings1 large onion, chopped2-3 cloves garlic, chopped1 t ground cumin2 t chili powder3 C veggie broth1 C dried lentils (I sometimes use ? C of lentils to make it more soupy)1 can (14.5 oz) diced tomatoes, undrained (fire-roasted is fabulous!)1 can (8 oz) tomato sauce1 can (4.5 oz) chopped green chilies, undrained1 C frozen corn2 medium carrots, chopped (about 2 cups)2 small zucchini, diced (about 2 cups)Spray a 3-quart saucepan with cooking spray and saut¨¦ onion, garlic, spices in a little veggie broth until veggies are soft. Add everything else, cover and simmer for 35-45 minutes, depending on how soft you like your lentils. I modified a lentil meatball recipe that I found through Loser For Life Marisa¡¯s blog. She originally got from In Jennie¡¯s Kitchen. I made 8 patties rather than 18 meatballs and I¡¯m using them like veggie burgers. The original recipe is below with my modifications in parenthesis. Lentil Ricotta MeatballsMakes about 182 cups cooked lentils, pureed (I cooked them in vegetable broth rather than plain water)2 large eggs, lightly beaten (1/2 C Egg Beaters)2/3 cup plain breadcrumbs (I ground 2/3 C regular oatmeal)1/2 cup fresh ricotta (I used low-fat ricotta)1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese1 1/2 teaspoon chopped parsleySalt and freshly ground pepper, to tasteJennie¡¯s cooking instructions: Add all ingredients to a deep bowl. Mix very well, using hands or a wooden spoon. Cover and refrigerate for two hours or overnight.When ready to cook, shape mixture into 1 1/2-inch balls. Heat about 1/2-inch of oil in a nonstick skillet over medium flame. Add shaped ¡°meatballs¡± and cook until browned all around, turning only once. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate and let excess drain off. Add to simmering marinara sauce if serving immediately, or store in a tightly covered container up to three days.Lynn¡¯s burger instructions: Preheat oven to 375. Lightly spray a baking sheet. Add all ingredients in a bowl and mix well. Form into 8 patties (they will seem runny, but they¡¯ll hold together, I promise) and place on baking sheet. Bake 20-30 minutes and flip them. Bake an additional 15-20 minutes or until they are brown. Note: I didn¡¯t cover and refrigerate for two hours, but I might try that next time if I¡¯m not pressed for time. They turned out very nicely anyway. I¡¯m having a leftover burger for lunch today so I¡¯ll see how well they do in the fridge. I also put three in the freezer to see how they fare that way, too. I¡¯ll probably make them as meatballs at some point, too, and mix them with my homemade sauce and Shiratake noodles. Forgive the short blog. The first Sunday of daylight savings is always a catch-up day. Why is losing an hour like losing a whole day? LOL"You may be familiar with Moore's Law, which dictates that the computing power of a single silicon chip doubles roughly every two years, as the transistors upon it get tinkier and tinier. You may not be so familiar - mainly because I just made it up - with Garnier's Law. Garnier's Law dictates that the names given to mascara products will double in ridiculousness roughly every two years, despite the lack of any corresponding technical advance in the product itself. Like Moore's Law, Garnier's Law has been in force for some years, such that we now find ourselves in a world where the names given to mascara have become entirely decoupled from reality. Hence Lash Builder, a plausible name for a mascara, given that the sole function of the product is and always has been to cake your eyelashes in a manner that makes them look slightly thicker and longer, gave way in due course to Lash Architect, a ridiculous proposition when you think about it, " Tattoo Wednesday!Posted by Sarah | Posted in Go Vegan | Posted on 03-03-20103Yay! I got a new tattoo today!!Gerry and the rest of the gang at Tattoo Zoo have been participating in the Two Dollar Tattoo Project and I wanted to get in on the action! :)The other day Bryan did a sick R2D2 on our friend Ryan (Hi Ryan) and Gerry did a tiny ship in a bottle on Nova (Hi Nova) and Colin did the scene from the Empire Strikes Back with the AT-AT walkers on Bryan (Hi Bryan). Oh man it¡¯s so sick! I¡¯ll post the link to the photos once they¡¯re up on the blog.In a nutshell they have to do a tiny tattoo no bigger then a toonie (about the size of a silver dollar) and you can only tattoo with a single needle. For those of you tattoo virgins ? single needle tattoo¡¯s are technically very demanding and are an ¡°old timey¡± way of tattooing that isn¡¯t used very often anymore.Gerry sent me a text this morning of the drawing he did for me with the line ¡°Will you be my Mommy¡± under it. Ha! Look at how cute the drawing is!! How could I say no?I realized as Gerry was tattooing me that it¡¯s been a YEAR since my last tattoo (how did that happen?). A YEAR? Really?My last tattoo was the matching ¡°13th wedding anniversary¡± tattoos Gerry and I gave each other on our anniversary. Wow. A year? I¡¯m still kind of dumbfounded. Time flies. :)Here¡¯s my puffer fish as just an outline alongside Gerry (for reference so you understand how small it is).Here he is ÿ all coloured and cute as pie!! I¡¯ll take a better photo once he¡¯s healed ÿ I think I¡¯ll name him Kaanapali! :)Here is a photo we took as I am passing the $2 to Gerry as proof of compliance with the set parameters of the Two Dollar tattoo project.  :) It was a fun day. I wish all my tattoos were that easy!"" Storm of the centuryI know that the ""big"" storm is old news, but we have been in California for two weeks visiting Jared's family (another post about that to come) and I haven't gotten a chance to tell our story. Thank goodness for all the modern technology that alerts us to the weather with enough warning to prepare. Wednesday night we made a trip to Sam's club to stock up on gas and food. It wasn't crazy crowded because this was two days before the storm is supposed to hit. My kids had been sick for about a week and Thursday night Ben was up complaining that his ear hurt. Friday morning we decide to take them to the Doctor before the storm. Snowflakes started to fall as we pulled into the parking lot. It was crowded, but they saw us and both my kids had ear infections. The doctor advised us to keep them inside for a few days. Then we had to get their prescriptions filled. Every pharmacy within a 10 mile radius had a 1-2 hour wait on prescriptions, people were panicking. We came home and Jared went out a little later to get their presciptions, are we seeing a pattern? He made it home safely. Everyone (but my youngest brother) was home and we just hunkered down for the storm. My sister and I had stocked up on some new toys that we pulled out for the occasion. Friday, all was well. We felt like we were prepared. I got up early Saturday morning, for no apparent reason, and my sister was up too. She was worried about us losing power. Having no electricity might not seem so bad considering that my parents have propane heat, but keep in mind that we are on a well here. A well with an electric pump. No power also means no running water for us. She had filled up the bathtub with water and I filled every camel back water bottle that we had (we have a lot of them between us all). Then we go back to bed. After I get up and eat breakfast, I start making bread. We didn't buy any bread because I was going to make some. Here are the pictures of the dough rising. I was preheating the oven to bake my bread when the power went out. It was only 10 am. According to my husband, I was freaking out. I was worried about my bread and the fate of us all without bread to eat. But I really didn't need to worry. Jared and my brother-in-law dug out the gas grill and the fire pit and cooked that bread!I really was impressed. It snowed the entire time they were out there cooking the bread. The two loaves they cooked on the grill, and the three free form loaves they cooked in a dutch oven over a fire they built during a snow storm. The gas grill really saved us during the entire weekend. For lunch we had leftover lentil soup that they warmed up outside with fresh bread. For dinner we grilled up some venison, potatoes, and veggies. It did not feel like we were deprived of anything. But it sure gets dark early with no electricity. My brother-in-law popped popcorn on the gas grill, and we let the kids watch a show on our portable DVD player that has a 6 hour battery (which was fortunately fully charged). Jared had filled up lots of buckets of water and my sister had filled the tub, but with 12 people in the house you use a lot of water just flushing toilets. By Saturday night our bathroom water supply was almost depleted. We still had plenty of drinking water, thank goodness. My sister went outside and stuck all those empty buckets around the house to catch the water run-off, brilliant! Sunday morning, still no power. We used as many paper products as we could to avoid having too many dirty dishes laying around. Since it finally stopped snowing, the men went outside to assess the damage. Numerous trees had fallen, including three across our drive way. They spent most of Sunday cutting down the trees and shoveling a little bit. Once they got the driveway cleared they did some further exploring on our street. There are three ways to get to main roads from our house. Well, a power pole had fallen across the road one way, a tree branch had broken off, taking down some power lines with it the other direction, and the ""secret back road"" had a car stuck right in the middle of it. No power and no way out, we were totally cut off from the outside world. The phone stopped working on Sunday. Cell phones with no electricity to charge them were our only link to the outside world. I have a couple of siblings that live an hour away, and they didn't lose power. They offered to rescue us, but they couldn't get to us, we would have had to hike about a half mile in 30 inches of snow. My two kids have ear infections, my parents are in their 70's, not much hope of hiking out. Remember that the doctor had told us to keep our kids inside for a few days. That was a bit harder than I thought it was going to be. My brother grilled chicken and potatoes with some veggies for lunch. Sunday night before the kids went to bed we all hung out together in the living room, lighted by my dad's two oil lamps. My brother played guitar and we all sang while the kids danced around. It was a lot of fun and something that only happened because we had nothing else to do. Then we put the kids to bed. We were all a little disappointed that the power was not back on for the Superbowl, for which we had made sandwiches and had chips and dip. Then my brother-in-law and my dad rigged up a TV plugged into my mom's Prius. And it worked! We got to watch the Superbowl, I couldn't believe it. But then it was back to darkness. Monday morning the kids were getting a little stir crazy. My sister dug some toys out of storage that the kids haven't seen in two years. That helped buy us some time. After lunch the road was cleared one way, we could leave! Still no power mind you, but a way out. My sister called some friends in the ward that live in an apartment complex and she asked if we could all come over and shower at the club house. All 12 of us climbed into my sister's 4 wheel drive car that seats eight. We dropped my brother and his son off and we headed off to shower. We filled up all of our water bottles too. Keep in mind that another storm was coming with another predicted 10-20 inches. We went to a grocery store to get us through another storm. Then we went to the mall. It was almost surreal. We had felt so cut off for nearly three days and people were shopping at the mall like it was an ordinary day. I really felt like we had just come out of the dark ages. Which in a sense we had, I guess. Then we made it home, but we had to hike up the long and steep driveway with all our groceries. When we got home, the power was back on. I was so happy, I could go to the bathroom without a flashlight. My parents have a very unique house and all the bathrooms are in the center of the house without any windows. In other words, very dark even in the middle of the day. We hit the house with a vengeance, we did 3 loads of dishes that night alone and 4 loads of laundry. Can I just say that Jared is a survivor, I really don't need to worry with him around. My brother-in-law is the same way. They really saved the day. The story doesn't end there. With another storm looming in the horizon, everyone's plans changed. Two of my siblings (that live an hour away) decided to head to Florida. Their school district had already cancelled school for the whole week. One of them need my brother-in-law to house sit, so he was leaving. We were leaving for California on Wednesday. My dad said that if all his shovelers were leaving he had better go too! Tuesday morning they headed to the airport to see if they could get on a flight to Florida. At 9:40 am my mom calls from the airport. ""Honey, the airport is closing after one today, do you want to try and get out to CA today?"" Yes, I think I would. She handed her cell phone over to the Southwest agent. He was super friendly. His name was Eric and this is what he said to me ""I can get you and your family on a flight leaving here at 11:40 am, can you make it here by then?"" I paused for just a minute before I responded. I still had laundry, important laundry, drying. ""Yes, we will be there."" Then my mom talked to my sister ""he says you and the kids can fly standby to Florida, to you want to come, the flight leaves at 10:50 am?"" She said ""yes"" too. The whirlwind began. Bags packing, kids getting dressed, everyone hiking down the drive way. We booked it to the airport, as fast as you can book it in that much snow. My brother-in-law did a great job of driving us safely there. We literally ran through the airport with bags and kids in tow. I am not much for spur of the moment traveling, but it was an adrenaline high. Because the airport was closing in two hours, there weren't many lines, and they all let us go to the front of them. Very nice! We are helping my sister make it to her gate, my parents already on the plane. My sister is carrying one bag, Jared is carrying a bag and a kid. I am trying to herd the rest of them to the gate as fast as 4 and 5 year olds can run. She makes it to the gate and there is no one there. My parents are on the plane, sitting on the front row, saving her seats. The flight attendant prepares to close the door, my mom says ""my daughter is coming!"" The flight attendant tries to tell her that she didn't make it. My sister flagged an attendant and they tell her to just run onto the plane. I guess once they close the doors, they don't open them again. She made it! Then we had a few minutes before our flight took off. We barely had enough time to buy some lunch before we had to board the plane. But the kids were real troopers and we made it. They were so well behaved. It was awesome, traveling with kids does get easier. It took me awhile to come down off that high, but it was kind of fun. My brother was pretty surprised when he came home tuesday night to an empty house full of food. He had to hike the 1/2 mile because his ride couldn't make it down the road. That is our amazing story of survival. I hope you all were well during the storm of the century!Posted by Mimi Nowland at 4:46 AM 8 commentsTUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2010MDACMy older brothers, who are nine and ten years older then me, often babysat for me and my siblings. They invented many ""interesting"" games to keep us busy until my parents came home. The most popular one was called mattress diving association championship or MDAC for short. It involved a mini trampoline, numerous mattresses stacked on top of each other, music, and diving on the mattresses. We would run, jump on the trampoline, and dive on to the mattresses. It was fun. You would have to really know my brothers to understand how they could make that game so much fun. We all had nicknames, our signature jumps, and turns holding the title of MDAC. My brothers would also videotape the proceedings so that we could watch it afterward. The proceedings included interviews, statistics, jumps, and sometimes award ceremonies. Well, this past Saturday it was snowing again, all day long. Jared and I picked the wettest year to move back east. Imagine five children, eight adults inside all day long. So after dinner I decided it was time for MDAC the next generation. I figured it would let the kids burn off some energy. It worked. The kids loved it, but it wasn't quite the same without my brother commentating the whole thing. CJ cried when we cleaned up the mattresses, it was hit. My sister even did a few dives! Enjoy the video, although you would probably enjoy seeing the original footage of MDAC. Fortunately I don't own any of these videos and it is unlikely that any of my brothers would post it.""DEDICATED TO MY BEST FRIEND - Take my hand and follow meto that place I long to be.Take my hand and trust my way,in that place forever stay.Follow me toward the sand;we'll run and play, hand in hand.Take my heart and hold it true;forever I'll stay close to you.Seize my words and listen well,then forever I will tell.Release your heart and feelings too,just as I will do for you.Trust your heart and follow me,to that place we long to be.The roads might be a little hazybut for a moment, they'll be clearedand perhaps you'll find your waythrough the beauty of the expeditionthat's raveling within your heart.Love is never promised,but it's worth all the riskfor the reward is a pair of wingswith hope of flightwithout all the littered debris.Life is a quest full of roads,long, short, up, and down,but it is only youwho makes the decisionwhich way to go.The roads may be long and winding,but that won't stop mefrom taking a journey to your heart"Television soaps have become a thing of the past with reality shows taking India by storm. Reality shows work on a nationwide level because they are interesting, they seem real, and the audience plays a big part in ¡®who gets selected to go to the next level¡¯. Also, millions of people¡¯s dreams have come true with the advent of reality shows- they get to be on television and perfectly ordinary people become celebrities in the course of an episode or a ¡®season¡¯. Some shows have new people participating in every episode, and also the audience can easily relate to the participants. These money spinners can be in the form of quizzes, family shows, challenges, dance shows, singing competitions, etc. and these have a mass appeal unlike the soaps which have particular target audiences. Reality shows, besides whether they are really ¡®real¡¯ or fabricated, are enjoyable and generate huge profits. But when the participants of these shows in question, are children, there are a whole lot of things to be considered.Well, as you might have picked up from my front page, I'm a late-20's missus living in the gorgeous Hawkesbury region of North-West Sydney with the lovely Mr.P, my hubby of just over a year. I've been living out here for about 6 years after growing up in the 'Macarthur Region'...which is a nice way of saying Campbelltown! I didn't technically live IN Campbelltown, I lived about 10 mins outside (the Sydney-side...smug much....lol!)...in the lovely suburb of St. Andrews. I grew up there with 3 sisters and a brother, the greatest siblings a gal could ask for (although my sibling-in-laws...2 sisters, 2 brothers...are pretty damn cool too!). I love lots of different things and always have some obsession going...be it knitting, scrapbooking, a tv show, painting, colouring-in (I LOVE colouring-in, most relaxing thing), blogging, tweeting, facebook-ing, Sims 3, Wii, a book series, I can't help myself. I tend to get really into something and let it go after a while, then pick it up again, but one thing I can't stop doing, is reading."Whether you believe the economy is about to double dip, or fight on and surpass last year's sigh of relief, there is one thing for certain: consumer confidence appears to be on the rise and core industries are once again gaining momentum. Building activity is expected to reach new euphoric highs in most states this year, and the resources industry is back at the helm of the national soapbox. Once key national companies start making agressive decisions, peripheral supporting service industries (ie engineering; legal; architecture; project management etc) always see growth as a follow through. So, how do you capitalize on emerging opportunities and put yourself in the sweet spot for growth? TIP 1: Review the segments primed to move in your target markets and select the highest priority that is the most beneficial to your business. TIP 2: Evaluate the quality of your existing relationships in high growth sectors: Are they all you need to support your growth in these emerging high priority areas? Do you need to extend your customer-centric relationships? How many people do you know that influence customer decisions in your new priority sectors? TIP 3: Consider how your business profile and key personnel are positioned in these industries. Take a long, hard, critical look at that ways that you can reach out to your ideal target markets in dynamic ways that demonstrate your ability to deliver over and above the market standards. Ensure your business has the tools for communicating in the new economy and your staff have the skills and confidence to lead you out into the market. If they dont, create and implement rigorous train programs. TIP 4: Scan and monitor the competition. Are you demonstrating your points of difference and USP effectively? Are you drawing contrast with your competition or trying to look the same?"I had a conversation with Wilder and Gwyn tonight that was just too precious to risk forgetting. It was the most intense and lengthy conversation we've had yet about our new baby coming. I asked Wilder where our new baby was going to sleep when she got here. Of course he said his bed so he could love her. This then opened up a huge discussion of what we're going to do with the new baby when she gets here. We went through everything from bathing, feeding, to showing her all of his new toys. Gwyn chimed in now and then, I think she really understood. At one point they were both showing me how babies crawl so that they could teach her to crawl. The sweetest was when Wilder said we have to snuggle her on the couch and give her lots of hugs. I think I'm just dumbfounded at how smart Wilder is becoming lately. He understands so much now. His curiosity and sincerety never fail to make my heart be still just for a moment. I know he is going to be an incredible, loving, protective big brother who will love taking care of both of his little sisters."Former CIA Director Michael V. Hayden was fond of saying that when it came to handling high value terror suspects, he would play in fair territory, but with ""chalk dust on my cleats."" Four legal memos released last week by the Obama Administration make it clear that the referee role in CIA interrogations was played by its medical and psychological personnel.According to the U.S. Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel, which authored the memos, legal approval to use waterboarding, sleep deprivation, and other abusive techniques pivoted on the existence of a ""system of medical and psychological monitoring"" of interrogations. Medical and psychological personnel were the arbiters of torture, assigned to monitor interrogations and intervene to ensure that interrogators didn't cause ""serious or permanent harm"" and thus violate the U.S. Federal statute against torture.The reasoning sounds almost circular. As one memo, from May 2005, put it: ""The close monitoring of each detainee for any signs that he is at risk of experiencing severe physical pain reinforces the conclusion that the combined use of interrogation techniques is not intended to inflict such pain.""In other words, as long as medically trained personnel were present and approved of the techniques being used, it was not torture.The memos provide official confirmation of both much-reported and previously unknown roles of doctors, psychologists, physician assistants and other medical personnel with the CIA's Office of Medical Services. The government's lawyers characterized these medical roles as ""safeguards"" for detainees.Medical oversight was present from the beginning of the special interrogation program following the 9/11 attacks, and appears to have grown more formalized over the program's existence. The earliest of the four memos, from August 2002, states that a medical expert with experience in the military's Survival Evasion Resistance, Escape (""SERE"") training would be present during waterboarding of detainee Abu Zubaydah, and would put a stop to procedures ""if deemed medically necessary to prevent severe medical or physical harm to Zubaydah."" (All interrogation techniques, the memos said, were ""imported"" from SERE.)Later, the CIA's Office of Medical Services (OMS) personnel were involved in ""designing safeguards for, and in monitoring implementation of, the procedures"" used on other high value detainees. In December 2004, the OMS produced a set of ""Guidelines on Medical and Psychological Support to Detainee Rendition, Interrogation and Detention,"" a still-secret document that is heavily quoted from in three legal memos that were written the following year.The CIA declined our request to comment further on the OMS's role in detainee treatment. The OMS employs physicians, psychologists and other medical professionals to care for CIA employees and their families.Perhaps the most chilling aspect of the memos is their intimation that medical professionals conducted a form of research on the detainees, clearly without their consent. ""In order to best inform future medical judgments and recommendations, it is important that every application of the waterboard be thoroughly documented,"" one memo reads. The documentation included not only how long the procedure lasted, how much water was used and how it was poured, but also ""if the naso- or oropharynx was filled, what sort of volume was expelled....and how the subject looked between each treatment."" Special instructions were also issued with regard to documenting experience with sleep deprivation, and ""regular reporting on medical and psychological experiences with the use of these techniques on detainees"" was required.The Nuremberg Code, adopted after the horrors of ""medical research"" during the Nazi Holocaust, requires, among other things, the consent of subjects and their ability to call a halt to their participation.The memos also draw heavily on the advice of psychologists that interrogation techniques would not be expected to cause lasting harm. At times this advice sounds contradictory. While calling waterboarding ""medically acceptable,"" the OMS also deemed it ""the most traumatic of the enhanced interrogation techniques.""The fact that traumatic events have the potential to cause long-lasting post-traumatic stress syndrome has been well documented. Physicians for Human Rights, in interviews with eleven former detainees held in Iraq and Afghanistan, found ""severe, long-term physical and psychological consequences."" ""All the individuals we evaluated were ultimately released without ever being charged,"" said Dr. Allen Keller, medical director of the Bellevue/New York University School of Medicine Program for Survivors of Torture.The memos describe the techniques in highly precise and clinical detail, befitting a medical textbook. During water boarding, in which a physician and psychologist were to be present at all times, ""the detainee is monitored to ensure that he does not develop respiratory distress. If the detainee is not breathing freely after the cloth is removed from his face, he is immediately moved to a vertical position in order to clear the water from his mouth, nose and nasopharynx."" Side effects including vomiting, aspiration and throat spasm that could cut off breathing were each addressed: ""In the event of such spasms...if necessary, the intervening physician would perform a tracheotomy.""While physician assistants could be present when most ""enhanced"" techniques were applied, ""use of the waterboard requires the presence of a physician,"" one memo said, quoting the OMS Guidelines.Doctors were also described as having vetted the practices for safety. Certain limits on waterboarding were created ""with extensive input from OMS."" One memo states that OMS ""doctors and psychologists"" confirmed that combining the various techniques ""would not operate in a different manner from the way they do individually, so as to cause severe pain.""Medical and psychological personnel were required to observe whenever interrogators came into physical contact with detainees, including slapping them and pushing them into flexible walls (""walling""). Whenever a detainee was doused with cold water, a medical officer had to be on hand to monitor for signs of hypothermia. Confining prisoners to cramped boxes required ""continuing consultation between the interrogators and OMS officers."" Prisoners made to stand for long periods to prevent sleep were to carefully monitor detainees for swelling of the legs and other dangerous conditions, and at least three times early in the program were switched, on medical advice, to ""horizontal sleep deprivation.""This was one example of how medical personnel could, according to the CIA, help prevent ""severe physical or mental pain or suffering"" on the part of the detainees. However the memos show that the OMS's role was not merely to limit the medical impact of interrogations, but also to consult on the effectiveness of interrogations. A May 30, 2005 memo quotes the OMS suggesting that cramped confinement was ""not...particularly effective"" because it provides ""a safe haven offering respite from interrogation.""Monitoring interrogations is a role that the American Medical Association, among others, has rejected, pointing out that the presence of physicians or other medical personnel could paradoxically make interrogations more dangerous. As Keller explains it: ""The interrogator may think well, the health professional will stop me if I go too far. The health professional is thinking I'm really here at the behest of the CIA. There's a tension of dual loyalty.""Just as officials in the Justice Dept. now condemn waterboarding as torture, so, too, did opinion change at another organization, the American Psychological Association. In the frightening days following the 9/11 attacks, ""there were two schools of thoughts in the psychological community. One was if you were there on the ground you could do some good,"" said APA spokesperson Rhea Farberman, whose organization was criticized for originally taking that position. The group's current stance is to forbid psychologists from participating, she said. ""If you are there on the ground, you may be seen as condoning the behavior.""Some medical professionals are calling for colleagues to be investigated and sanctioned. But finding out which professionals were involved in designing, monitoring and implementing the interrogation techniques may be difficult. The four memos were released almost in their entirety. The few redactions concerned mainly the names of the personnel involved.""Tomorrow, the Special Envoy for Malaria at the United Nations will be announcing a special Social Media Envoy group that will use the power of social media over the next year to raise awareness for malaria control in African countries.The special envoy is made up of well-known figures from both the social web and broadcast media, including Mashable¡¯s own Pete Cashmore. Those that have joined the group have pledged to take one ¡°social¡± action ¡ª such as a tweet or a Facebook (Facebook) post ¡ª every month for the next year starting from World Malaria Day on April 25, which last year saw Malaria No More also use Twitter for the cause.The hope is that the tweets, posts and other social actions will inspire and motivate social media audiences in support of malaria control. The UN¡¯s goal is to provide all endemic African countries with malaria control interventions by the end of 2010, working towards the aim of near-zero deaths from malaria by 2015.We¡¯re very happy to see the UN enlist the power of social media in the fight against Malaria. The disease kills one million people each year with over 90% of the world¡¯s malaria deaths occurring in Sub-Saharan Africa. Universal bed net coverage is the UN¡¯s chosen prevention tool to fight the diseases; it has delivered over 192 million insecticidal mosquito nets since 2007, covering nearly 400 million people.However, there is more money to be raised and more work to be done. We hope that the social media envoy will go even farther than their commitment to one social action per month, because Malaria is a battle where every little bit helps.""We recently reported child-actor Corey Haim had obtained a large quantity of prescription drugs just prior to his death earlier this week.Despite early reports suggesting Haim died of an enlarged heart, the coroner's office has stated the final cause of death won't be available for another six weeks when toxicology reports are completed. They have also begun investigating how Haim was able to get access to such powerful medications, including Oxycontin, Vicodin and Valium.According to the NYT, one of the prescriptions used to obtain these drugs was a forgery and investigators are looking into a larger issue with drug rings stealing legitimate script pads from doctors and forging prescriptions which are then sold illegally. But it goes even further than that. Here's what California Attorney General Jerry Brown had to say: ¡°They get prescription drug pads, get illegal drugs, then sell them on the street. You have doctors doing wrong, people pretending to be doctors, and all the criminal intermediaries making the process work.¡±Initial police reports into Haim's death stated no illegal or illicit drugs were found in his possession however, as we've learned with high profile cases like Heath Ledger, Anna Nicole Smith, Michael Jackson, and Brittany Murphy, prescription drugs used improperly can have just as deadly consequences.Haim's agent, who also represents his long-time friend Corey Feldman, Mark Heaslip said Corey was making great strides to wean himself off of drugs, which may have been as many as 50 pills a day.  He also said the actor had just begun work with an addiction specialist. In the days leading up to Corey's death he had complained of having trouble breathing and had a fever between 99 and 101. His mother had thought he was fighting off a cold or flu, but as it turns out these may have been symptoms of his enlargdheart."I just love spending the day at the temple. I have to admit I hate the thought of giving up a whole day to go, but it is so worth it once I get there. There were about 12 members of our ward together and we had family names from 2 members. We did initiatory work and an endowment session, so it was a real blessing. I didn't have to drive, was in good company all day and made a quick visit to the bookstore also. I am hoping to someday live closer to a temple, but for now, I will try to remember the wonderful feelings I felt today and continue to attend at least once a month with the ward. For those who live close to a temple, I hope you appreciate it. On the down side, I had planned to call Lindsey while in Mesa and she was going to meet us at the temple so I could meet Mayan. When I first got down to the church this morning, I called Ray to let him know I would not be driving and the car would be in the parking lot. I then, hurriedly, gathered my belongings and jumped in another car. It wasn't til I got to thetemple that I realized my phone was not with me (apparently never made it back in the purse, but on the floor of my car) . But I will go visit the Morris family sometime next week when Di is in Phoenix visiting her kids/grandkids, she and I will go see Lindsey. So, now that I am refreshed and uplifted, I look forward to the week to come. Ray and I just completed the family history/temple class in Sunday School and have begun the family search for his family. I am looking forward to seeing what information we can gather and begin the important work to be done for his ancestors. It is such a blessing."Last week Frank Minyard, the Orleans Parish coroner, concluded that he could not determine what caused the death of Jannie Burgess, a 79-year-old patient who perished at Memorial Medical Center in New Orleans after a doctor's orders led her to be given multiple doses of morphine in a short period. The hospital was cut off for several days by the floodwaters of Hurricane Katrina and a number of patients were found dead with elevated levels of morphine and other drugs.""We cannot tell what she died of except that she was extremely ill,"" Minyard said in a phone interview several hours before a scheduled press conference on Thursday. ""She had a lot of physiologic reasons to die."" Minyard said his official finding was that the cause of Burgess' death was ""unclassified."" His ruling makes it highly unlikely that any charges will be brought in the case.The details of Burgess' death were first disclosed in a report published by ProPublica and The New York Times Magazine last August. Her medical records showed that she was repeatedly dosed with morphine after the hospital had lost power, temperatures soared, and rescue helicopters failed to arrive in sufficient numbers.The physician who ordered the medication, Dr. Ewing Cook, said that he intentionally ""hastened her demise"" because Burgess, who had advanced, metastatic uterine cancer, was close to death, was being cared for by nurses whose help was needed elsewhere, and would have suffered greatly if her pain medication wore off during any attempt to evacuate her.""Dr. Cook thinks that he knocked her off,"" Minyard said, ""but we can't prove that. He might have, he might not have. Because it's not 100 percent proved, we have to call it unclassified."" He said some of the experts he consulted pointed to the fact that Burgess' death was recorded as having occurred more than three hours after the last of the morphine injections.Cook's attorney, Ralph Capitelli, called Minyard's decision ""the correct decision."" Minyard said that he had not spoken with Cook. He said that during his investigation he consulted with four pathologists who work in his office, three local experts and Dr. Michael Baden, a renowned forensic pathologist from New York.Baden has said he has a different view of the case. In an interview several months ago, after he reviewed Burgess' records, Baden said that Burgess' death was ""no question a homicide."" Homicide is defined by coroners as a death caused by the action of another person. Such findings do not address the issue of intent which is critical to deciding whether a crime has been committed.Burgess' daughter, Linette Burgess Guidi, said she had not seen the experts' determinations. She said she hoped that some sort of review board could review Cook's actions. ""I understand he was under a lot of pressure,"" she said. ""I'm not out for vengeance. I just want to know the truth, I want to know what happened."" She added, ""There's too many questions.""The district attorney in Orleans Parish, Leon Cannizzaro, released a statement after Minyard's announcement. ""Since it is the Coroner's opinion that this victim did not die as a result of being administered a lethal dose of narcotics, I cannot pursue a homicide charge at this time."" Minyard conducted his assessment of the Burgess case at Cannizzaro's request. In September 2009, shortly after the ProPublica and New York Times Magazine report, Cannizzaro said he asked Minyard ""to classify the deaths reported in"" the article.In 2006, authorities arrested Dr. Anna Pou and nurses Lori Budo and Cheri Landry for alleged mercy killings at the same hospital after Katrina. A local grand jury heard evidence in the case and declined to bring charges. The nurses and Dr. Pou emphatically denied that they had murdered patients and the case prompted outrage in New Orleans where medical professionals who worked in horrific conditions after the storm were widely viewed as heroes and victims. Some close to Minyard speculated that the coroner, who recently won re-election to his 10th term, decided to postpone his determination in the case until after the election -- something Minyard denies.Minyard, 80, said the reason he had not completed his investigation of Burgess' death before now was because his office has a great deal of work on other cases and is understaffed. ""I've just got too much going,"" he said when contacted last December. ""I just want to make sure when I do it that I have it right.""""Venezuela, already under watch from the likes of Reporters Sans Frontieres for jeopardizing press freedom, appears to be edging closer towards the type of restrictive governmental Internet interference as seen in Cuba, China and Iran.Hugo Chavez, the Venezuelan president, has called for greater regulation of the Internet this weekend, with the following statement, as reported by Reuters:    ¡°The Internet cannot be something open where anything is said and done. Every country has to apply its own rules and norms.¡±Chavez is said to have singled out one website as an example where such an ¡°open¡± policy has troubled him. Noticierodigital had a post up for two days suggesting that Diosdado Cabello, a senior minister and close aide of Chavez, had been assassinated.¡°We have to act. We are going to ask the attorney general for help, because this is a crime. I have information that this page periodically publishes stories calling for a coup d¡¯etat. That cannot be permitted,¡± Chavez said.Twitter (Twitter) and Facebook (Facebook) are also said to have come under criticism from Chavez, with the president reported to have complained ¡°that people use such sites to spread unfounded rumors.¡± Recently, he called Twitter messages a ¡°tool of terror.¡±Chavez has already moved to control TV and radio networks in the country ? in August last year 34 broadcasters were closed down on ¡°administrative grounds¡± while Chavez¡¯s own lengthy presidential broadcasts are now aired compulsorily across both terrestrial and cable TV stations.Chavez expressing such negative interest in the online world will no doubt be met with great concern by those who oppose him, as well as in the wider world.Chavez¡¯s comments serves to remind all of us ¡ª regardless of nationality ¡ª about the importance of a free and open Internet. When it ceases to be such, it¡¯s no longer the world wide web but a poor imitation propagated by repressive regimes.""I have the urge to blog, even after barely surviving NaBlo. Crazy!Anyone know knows me IRL knows I can really get rambling about television - because I love to ramble on about my favorite, and not-so-favorite shows. However, I don't usually like to write about it, because I prefer to engage someone else in a discussion. Not scribble out my thoughts, and wait to see if anyone replies, and then get wrapped up in that wacky back-and-forth internet conversation. I like to do it up front, face to face, nose to nose. Old school, as it were.But after a long and one-sided chat with Philsy today (who is exhausted after finishing scoring his first feature, holy poop on a plate!), I decided to turn loose a few thoughts for ya'll to chew on, add to, or spit out. So here it is:For the past few months, I've had an on-again-off-again romance (or been boink-buddies, if you prefer) with Glee.Okay. I get it. Glee is awesome, for a lot of obvious reasons. The pilot alone reminded me to not stop believing, and embarrassing as tis is, I like to dial this up full-blast whenever I'm having a ""I'm a hack writer and I suck and I have no business doing this and I have the vocabulary of a pre-schooler"" moment. The premise is fresh and unique - the cast is spectacular. The bones of the story arcs for the first season are clever and interesting.However... about 75% of the episodes after the pilot follow a formula like this: Someone gets mad/upset/threatened. They quit Glee. Everyone works to get them back, and they do. The end.or...Someone (or something) threatens to shut Glee down. Glee kids scramble to resolve the conflict. Conflict is resolved. The end.Now, I know that some pretty big stakes are being spun over the first season for individual character story arcs, so I can appreciate that they're working to weave a lot together. But really... does almost every episode have to focus on Glee club losing members or being shut down? Could we not build out more stories about the characters, to help the audience develop deeper relationships wih them and learn more about them, and forge episodes around that? They did manage to do it, for that remaining 25%. I'm confident they can continue to do it if they try - but right now I feel like I'm being fed a lot of filler and recycled drama.In fact, there was one storyline in particular this week that was like nails down a blackboard. Turn back now if you don't want *** SPOILERS ***!Glee club, unbeknownst to their director Will Schuester, participated in a professional television commercial for a mattress store - although they did not accept payment, they did receive a shipment of mattresses, an honorarium for their work. After discovering his wife Terri was not actually pregnant, a very upset Will returned to school late at night, found the pile of mattresses, pulled the plastic off one and slept on it.What Will didn't realize, was that by accepting payment (even in pocket-coil form) he was thereby upping the status of Glee club from amateur to professional, thus disqualifying them from preforming in sectionals.This resulted in a screaming match between Will and Sue (the overly-aggressive cheerleading coach antagonist) in the principal's office, where it was concluded by the end of the scene that nothing had changed, and the kids would now be disqualified.Except that a short few scenes later, it was determined that the Glee kids could go on to perform at sectionals if they returned the unused mattresses, but that Will would not be permitted to coach them or participate further because he'd already had a good nights sleep on one of them and, well, you just can't return a used mattress.Huh.If we'd had that resolve back in the argument scene, then we could have pushed Will's character a little further. Because even though he cares about the Glee kids more than anything, deep down, he's really there because hents to recapture the greatest moments of his life - his youth - which were with Glee. His marriage is failing - the woman he truly loves is slipping away, and Glee's all he's got. So to see him struggle, and ultimately give up Glee in order to let them succeed would have been a nice little tid-bit of development.Maybe I'm way off, I don't know. But that's what I'd have done.Next week's the finale. I'm excited to see what they'll do with it, but more importantly, I'm extremely curious to see where they're going to take the next season. Hopefully, it's a whole lot more of that 25%.""This is a small little story about an outlandish girl named Victoria and a cheerleader named Kimiko. Even though they are different, they love each other. Read on about this little exert from their lives.Victoria stops her car at the top of the mountain on the ledge with the wooden fence at the end. She steps out of her old, beaten up, black Mustang and sits on the hood. Victoria stretches out her legs and lays back against the windshield.Kimiko very gracefully steps out of the passenger seat and sits on the edge of the hood of the car. ¡°There¡¯s a party at Jimmy¡¯s place later. Maybe we can stop by?¡±¡°Why, Kimi? So all your Hollister addicted friends can ridicule me when we show up?¡±¡°You know, they don¡¯t really hate you like you think they do.¡±¡°I don¡¯t care.¡±Kimiko sighs. ¡°I know.¡± Victoria reaches into the pocket of her black skinny jeans and pulls out a pack of cigarettes. She takes one of the white sticks and rests it in her mouth. She lights the tip and breaths in. ¡°I wish you wouldn¡¯t smoke. I hate that habit.¡±¡°What the hell are you saying? Aren¡¯t you aware that basically all your friends at the party you want to go to smoke weed.¡±¡°Oh,¡± she adjusts her bra strap through her long-sleeved, pink, Abercrombie shirt and runs her fingers through her long, golden hair, ¡°I never thought of that.¡±¡°Oh, what a surprise.¡± Kimiko looks down at the ground and kicks a rock. Victoria notices the change in mood. ¡°I-I¡¯m sorry, that was uncalled for.¡± She throws the cigarette on the dirt next to the car. ¡°Come on, sit next to me,¡± Victoria pats the metal hood to the left of her.Kimiko smiles and sits next to Victoria. ¡°You like my skirt?¡± she straightens out her light blue mini-skirt.¡°Surprisingly, yes. On anyone else, it would look horrible. You just make everything look good.¡± She straightens out her Johnny The Homicidal Maniac t-shirt.¡°You look good, too.¡±¡°You¡¯re just saying that.¡± She scratches her head.¡°I¡¯m not. You don¡¯t really like compliments, so I would only say it if I really meant it.¡±¡°Heh. Thanks.¡± She puts her arm around Kimiko and they stare into the sky. ¡°I love this spot. What about you, Kimi?¡±¡°It¡¯s good.¡±¡°Good? Just good? This spots amazing, especially at night. Where the sky is bright with the stars and moon and we get to look down on the lights of the pathetic little city below.¡±¡°I¡¯ve never viewed it that way.¡±¡°Yeah. No one¡¯s seen it that way, especially your friends.¡±¡°Why do you hate them so much?¡±¡°They¡¯ve treated me horrible since I¡¯ve known them.¡±¡°I apologize for them.¡±¡°I wish that meant something.¡±Kimiko leans over and kisses Victoria on the lips. ¡°I love you.¡±¡°I love you, too.¡±¡°Why do you love me? You hate my friends, my cloths, the fact that I¡¯m a cheerleader, and just basically everything I represent. So, why do you love me?¡±¡°I don¡¯t know. When I found out there was another lesbian in this town, I had to meet her. At first I really hated you just because of what you described. But, I kept talking to you and realized you were better than I thought and I really liked you. I¡¯m really happy you aren¡¯t like everyone else. On that note, why do you like me?¡±¡°You¡¯re really cute and you¡¯re really nice. Like, you don¡¯t look like you¡¯d be nice. But, you¡¯re amazingly sweet. It was really surprising. No offense.¡±¡°Heh. None taken.¡± Victoria hugs Kimiko and holds her in her arms. ¡°I really love you, Kimi.¡±¡°I love you, too.¡±A couple minutes of silence later, Victoria pats Kimiko on the back. ¡°Come on, lets go.¡± She hops off the hood of the car.¡°What?¡± She follows.¡°It¡¯s getting late. We should get going.¡±¡°Where are we going? To your place?¡±¡°Nah. You wanted to go to that party right? We¡¯ll just go there. You¡¯d be happy to see your friends.¡± She sits in the drivers seat.¡°But, you¡¯d be miserable.¡± She opens the car door and gets in.¡°But, you¡¯d be happy. And, that means more to me.¡± She turns the key and starts the car.¡°I¡¯d rather go to your house. I¡¯d have more fun there.¡± She fastens her seatbelt.¡°Alright. Let¡¯s go there.¡±They drive back ""Thats how long it is untill we move.  We have been packing like crazy, and getting the kids prepared.  We have lots of people coming to help us on Saturday, so i think it will go smoothly.  hopefully fast too.   I cant believe its so soon, but yet, i cant wait for this week to be over. I dont want to be in this house anymore.  i am ready to move on.I got the results of logans latest EEG, and it came back completely normal.  no seizure activity at all has shown up.  so now we have to figure out what is going on with him.  he is failing at school, and i dont know what more i can do.  we always do homework with him. he dosnt miss alot of school.  i just dont knowi got the boys school papers to help with the transfer process.  they are getting really excited about the move. they have been ""helping"" me pack.  they did well with their rooms. there is going to be alot of last minute stuff to do. Nick and i packed all day today, we got alot done, but there is alot more to go. and i work the next 3 nights, so not as much is going to get done.i will update more after the move, right now my mind is just spinning and i cant think of everything i want to put here..lol"God is in the slums, in the cardboard boxes where the poor play houseÿ God is in the silence of a mother who has infected her child with a virus that will end both their livesÿ God is in the cries heard under the rubble of warÿ God is in the debris of wasted opportunity and lives, and God is with us if we are with them. If you remove the yolk from your midst, the pointing of the finger and speaking wickedness, and if you give yourself to the hungry and satisfy the desire of the afflicted, then your light will rise in darkness and your gloom will become like midday and the Lord will continually guide you and satisfy your desire in scorched places Bono"lright folks, it's time for us to have a heart to heart talk: I hate the beach. Ironic, then, that I'm currently sitting on Huntington Beach in southern California, eh? I know, I know, ""That's absurd!"" you say, ""She's a total freak,"" you're thinking. But to each his own, I say, and my reasons for this hatred are four fold:1. It's hot. I hate being hot. I hate it a whooooole lot. If I had a choice between going to the Bahamas or going to Alaska in the middle of winter, I would choose Alaska. If I had a choice between dying in the middle of the Mojave Desert and freezing to death in Siberia, I'd choose Siberia.2. There is sand - EVERYWHERE. You go in the water, come out and sand gets stuck on everything. Not to mention that it gets lodged in orifices you didn't even know you had.3. The water is salty. I prefer fresh water that I could drink if I was dying of thirst instead of having to stare at water that would kill me even faster. Also, salt water does not smell good - or taste good, for that matter. 4. There are half naked people who should definitely not be half naked.However, my current view from this floral beach chair looks something like this:""As the ministry of Partners for Care expands, God brings people to help us.  We plan to feature these people through our Partner Profiles. You will hear from them how they have a heart for those God calls them to serve. The first Partner Profile features Bridgette Boylan. I have known Bridgette only for a short time but it seems like she has always been a part of our ministry.  She is passionate and compassionate. She is energetic and enthusiastic. She has become a real partner to me personally and to the ministry... AND, she is raising funds to buy the team in Kenya a van. Those of you who have been in Kenya with us know we need a van to reach the people of Kenya with the messages of HIV/Aids prevention and salvation.  Some of you have even pushed the PFC van more than once to get it to start! Please see her profile below and help if you can. If you have a small group Bridgette would love to come and speak to them about how God interrupted her life when she went to Kenya.Thanking God for Bridgette - our partner in reaching the lost and helping the hurting,Connie ""After more than 35 years, Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vermont, (pictured far left) and Sen. Richard Lugar, R-Indiana, (pictured far right) are senior senators. A lot has changed - except for the friendship, which has proven stronger than their political differences.. (Photo Credit: Getty Images/File)Washington (CNN) - While many in Washington believe that bipartisanship is long gone, two seasoned senators say it's not - at least not yet.The relationship between Sen. Richard Lugar, a conservative Republican from Indiana, and Sen. Patrick Leahy, a liberal Democrat from Vermont, was born in obscurity - two very junior senators at the far reaches of a committee room table.Leahy recalled a story from a time when their voices were virtually muted in a committee meeting.""Neither one of us could hear what they [committee leaders] were muttering. And I said, 'Well, wait a minute, could I ask what was in that amendment?' You could see the two look down like 'Who the heck are these two guys at the end?' [He] takes his gavel and said, 'We're adjourned.' ""After more than 35 years, Leahy and Lugar are senior senators. A lot has changed - except for the friendship, which has proven stronger than their political differences.""Lately it¡¯s been abnormal to see a smile on my face, life has been so crazy busy, hectic, stressful, dull, annoying and well pissy!That when I do actually have a smile on my face people tend to wonder what I am actually up to. I hate to sound like a broken record and I¡¯m most positive that I¡¯m not the only one w/in this great big world of ours that is not having a great 2009. I¡¯m truly hoping for a bright 2010.But lately, life has been full of one big disappointment after another.My kid¡¯s fathersÿ huge disappointments in the Daddy arena. They just can¡¯t seem to pull their heads outta their asses to step up and do what needs to be done to take care of their half of the responsibilities. My son¡¯s father blames it all on me.. I left him, so therefore it¡¯s all my responsibility. My daughters fatherÿ wellÿ I don¡¯t even know where to begin there, so let¡¯s just suffice it to say that it¡¯s most important for him to either impregnate as many women as possible or smoke up his entire life. Im telling ya, I sure do know how to pick them!But latelyÿ there has been very little to smile about. My kids make me smile. Even if they are teenagers, and are slowly driving me drink (kidding I don¡¯t drink anymore than normal) I¡¯ve been really sickÿ the plus side of being sick is that I¡¯ve pretty much kicked the smoking habit. Although I¡¯m not saying I¡¯m a non-smoker. I¡¯m just saying... I haven¡¯t had one for a week now because I¡¯ve been so sick and I do not even desire one. So that¡¯s a plus.I met someone who makes me smile. It¡¯s all about the person¡¯s personality.I adore his personality.He makes me laughHe makes me smileHe makes me feelHe makes me happyI don¡¯t want to feel, be happy, laugh or smileBecause when it all goes away what are you left with?Hurt/pain/angerI can¡¯t go there again""Well, where do I start.... We took Porter to the ENT dr for his followup appointment on Monday. He had been having a really snotty nose and cough, and had gone back to not sleeping well. We were worried that his tubes had come out or were stopped up. His tubes looked good (yea!), but Dr Norris was worried that he still had some ongoing infection in his adenoids. He gave him augmentin, nystatin, and ear drops. Augmentin is really bad on the GI tract, and Porter does not handle antibiotics well, so we were worried about how this would go. He started having diarrhea last night, and his poor little booty was so raw and painful that we skipped his dose last night. We decided he should probably stay home from daycare today so I could keep an eye on his bottom better and keep it ""pasted"" (caked with boudreaux's butt paste). Between me working nights and having a diarrhea day ahead, we had all the makings for a miserable day, but it was just the opposite. We had a great day!!! Porter and I went to our favorite park at 9:00am, stayed for over an hour, and were filthy when we left. We ran by Target to get a few things, and Porter fell asleep on the way home. I transferred him to our bed and took a nap with him. He slept for 3 hours!!! He ate cheetos and a hotdog for a late lunch and then I set him up in our bedroom and bathroom to play while I worked out. He danced to his video and played all over me while I worked out. We tried to take a quick walk after my workout, but it started raining on us and we had to run home. Porter didn't mind. He was just squinting and smiling in his stroller. Then we both got a shower in our bathroom. Porter loves taking a shower--I just hold him with his back to the water and he lays his head on my shoulder and let's the water run over him. He actually fell asleep in the shower one time. After we got out, Jared got home soon, and we picked up a pizza for supper before I left for work. I know I'll be tired later, but it was worth getting to spend a day with my little buddy. A potential bad day couldn't have been any better! Here are some pictures from the day.On the way to the park!""Have now received the instructions for a Round Robin Challenge that I have agreed to take part in.The Round Robin starts today.This month:-1. you have to make a piece of fabric, a fat 1/4 in size.  You can stamp, dye, print etc.  You all have a theme to work to, and you can use architecture, culture, clothes etc as your design source.2.  Your fabric must to be passed onto the next  person BY the 31st March, with your design source/image to show that person where your ideas are coming from.Using the random number generator this is what you have got-1)  Nickie-Europe2) Margaret-Asia3) Di-Australasia4) Deb-Africa5) Sharne-America'sI will email you all on March 22nd with info on who to pass your fabric onto.Please post photo's on your blog of what you are doing with the challenge. So now I seriously need to get my thinking hat on. It's been a while since I did any design work of any description and I felt that I should challenge myself again.Also have the Chairmans challenge at Ferrers Quilters to think about. This is to make a miniature quilt any style any technique. A miniature is not something that I have attempted before so again a challenge for me.Also have a stall at a Tattoo convention at the end of the month and need to produce some stock for that.Phew!On top of all this I have a new role at work and this is another new challenge.I am still enjoying the belly dancing immensely and have (hopefully) booked tickets for an all day event which will include me doing 3 workshops. Very scary as I am a complete beginner.One of them is on American Tribal Style which is a form of belly dancing that I really like and may want to continue with.Although the event is in Andover the tutor for this ATS is local so it would not be too hard to get to classes.So, for me, quite enough on my plate at the moment""Even though I don't have time to sit and write, I am gonna do it anyway. Maybe after the New Year, I'll get back to writing. I know I've said it before but I can feel words developing in my mind and an urge to sit and write is stirring a little.It's been a difficult year. May be 2010 will be brighter. I know some major changes will be made and have already started... Granny is now in a nursing home that has a special Alzheimer's unit. The Friday after T-day, she got out of her house at 12:30 am and wasn't found until 8:30 am. Her core temp was 91 and she was in intensive care for a few days. Luckily she survived. It was cold but not below freezing all that night. The irony of it all was that she had ventured across the road over towards where some construction had been going on. She fell behind some heavy brush and couldn't get up. It's amazing she lived, especially since she was only wearing a thin nightie, no shoes or socks.But luckily for us she is in good hands now and has no major damage done to her body due to the hyperthermia she sufferred. Mom was told that Granny has the vitals of a teenager. You know...God does take care of his own. Granny was a very religious lady all of her life and God won't forget that.Sam's better and was working yesterday. I didn't have time to call and check on him. Nor have I had time to do anything fun with my chick friends. We may have dinner one night this week to share a drink and to laugh together one last time before the New Year.My wish for all is to be happy and to embrace those around you whom you love. Life is so short and can change in a heartbeat.""Haai, so why is it that when we're left alone, we get paranoid; thinking up a storm of all the worst things that you can possibly come up with. I mean, why do you have to make sense of everything, why can't we just accept something for what it is. Why do we tend to analyze situations that have relatively made slight alterations in it's rather usual straight pattern. What's amazing is when things are back to normal, we so easily forget all the accusations and bogus imagery that went on up in there.It's annoying that so many things were running through my mind in one particular episode. Thinking back, I feel pretty stupid for thinking and assuming such things.I feel so, common.""Washed scary pile o' dishes. (Last week's cold resulted in a larger-than-normal pile, although I did get some done around Wednesday so that I'd have enough bowls and cutlery to make it through the week.)Baked chocolate chip banana nut muffins, putting the rest of the nuts and buttermilk in the freezer before they spoiled. (Yay for not wasting food! I'm such a slacker...) I even started the muffins before the dishes, so everything except the muffin tins made it into the wash... and the muffin tins could have, but I was pooped with washing dishes by the time the muffins had cooled.Baked bread to replace what had been in the freezer so long it was freezer-burned. (I *will* make hummus so that I can actually eat this batch.) The bread dishes (except for the bread pan) made it into the wash too.Watered houseplants.Cleaned silver spoons and silver necklaces, using the magic ""aluminum foil, baking soda, and boiling water"" method. It's an awesome method. I tried with hot tap water at first, but it didn't work nearly as well as the boiling water, even after leaving it sit while I had a shower.Killed lots of flies, as mentioned previously. You know, reading about venus fly traps, over-feeding isn't a good thing. I suppose three-dozen flies at once probably would be too much? Until I find a place to buy a venus fly trap, it's a bit of a moot point, anyway. (And if I bought a sundew too, it would only be one and a half dozen each...)""Phase 1: LagosStep 1: Arrive at the airport. The power goes out while your luggage is still being brought out on the carrel. So you have to drag your two excessively overweight bags off the carrel while holding on to your precious laptop bag as well the carry-on bag you brought off the plane. Then you realize that the carts aren't freeÿ..and you have no naira. So you drape the carry on and laptop bag on each shoulder then drag your two suitcases out of the airport. You get outside and realize that you also have no cell phone and that the nearest call place is ""waaaaaay down that way""ÿÿStep 2: You leave your aunt's house ready to go a-visiting. Then they tell you that the cabs are just a ""little up the road"". As you have sworn with all that is in you to never get on an okada, you decide to walk there. Conveniently, you forget that you're smack dab in the middle of the tropics during HARMATTAN season no less and that when you left it was snowing. You arrive sweating and exhausted at the car park then breathlessly tell the cab man the address. But it's not over, because the bloody bastard is trying to gouge out your eyes and cut off your right arm and left leg (get it??), so you gather your final strength and revive all your haggling skills. Finally, when you're both satisfied, you sink into the backseat and endure the hot, dusty ride.Phase 2: IbadanStep 1: Your mom generously drops you off at your friend's house. She even lets you take the wheel. No biggie you think remembering all the weaving through traffic and switching lanes at 100 mph that you've come to enjoy. So you get on the road. It's an easy drive up your long street. You get on the main road, your mom's relaxed. Gabbing on the phone informing all and sundry that you are around and ready to be taxed so feel free to drop by. You get to a major junction. There's a policeman there directing traffic. You patiently wait your turn, and when he directs you and you move. Ah this isn't so bad you think. Then you get to another junction and you let the cars with the right of way pass you""what are you doing?""""huh?""""my friend will you move?""""but mummy it isn't my turn""You hear the snort from the person she is currently gabbing with. By the time you get to your friend's house, all you want to do is curl up into a ball and rock back and forth.Step 2: While at your friend's house, you decide to attend evening mass. You faintly recall that it was a short walk from their place. Plus it's evening so it's nice outside. You proceed to walk expecting any moment to see the steeple. You climb up a hill. Then you walk down another, artfully dodging okadas and wayward cars. Can't these people see that you're a pedestrian you fume. Finally, you get to church and say a small prayer of thanks that you convinced your friend to come get you after church. Mass takes way longer than it used to. Your friend has sent a text telling you he got tired of waiting outside so you should meet at the restaurant down the street. WHY ME you cry in your heart as you wearily trudge to the spot, planning how you'll chop off his head if he even suggests that you just walk home.Step 3: Aaaah your friend's AC works. You sit back in the car and just enjoy the coolness of it while you reminisce about those bottles of real cold water you just downed. Then you feel a rumble. You look around in shock thinking o Lord are there earthquakes now in Nigeria? Then you realize its coming from your tummy. Your mind flashes back to the orgasmic moi-moi and ogi you had for breakfast. Your stomach rumbles again, and you wonder why your friend is suddenly driving so slowly. Good God man drive damn you! As you struggle to hold it all in, it comes back to you that you only ever used to eat moi-moi or any other beans products in the evening and only if there was tons of bread available. As you finally sink onto the toilet seat and settle down with your book for a long visit, you think how this is a much more effective and better tasting alternative to the horrid Chinese slimming tea you'd been on. Hmmmÿ""Sorry for the lack of posts. I've been doing more stuff on facebook these days then updating my blog (sorry)! So if you're on there, send me a friend request I'm on there as Aimee Olson and I'll add you (if I know you)... LOLAll is well at our house. We made it through the holiday's but started off the New Year a little rocky. We thought that the little Jetta that could had finally went to its final resting place. However, she was able to be resurrected. I'm pretty happy as I love driving her to work! So then, our GMC got wrecked suckin' crap! It doesn't have a lot of cosmetic damage but the young man that hit Kyle, hit the truck in a really bad spot so it goes into the shop this week so we'll wait and see what they have to say. I'll keep you all posted! Our work is just plugging along for both of us. I applied for a new job with the state but we're on a hiring freeze right now so we'll wait and see what happens. I'll be happy if a I get it but I'm also content where I'm at right now. It's a win win situation for me either way.Ok... don't have a lot of time this morning so I'll share a few new pics. Hope all is well with everyone. Loves....""For some, sales is arguably the hardest job in the world. For others, however, the adrenalin of the roller coaster ride that is the sales process, keeps most on the edge of their seat for their entire careers. The real question are however, do businesses truly recognize and properly rate the critical importance of their sales people; and, do businesses ensure that their sales people are skilled and motivated enough to sell in a more than ordinary fashion? It's hard to find any businesses in the world who don't have something to sell and don't want to make money and succeed. It doesn't matter whether the company is selling services or products, if they don't have sales people who ""feed"" the business, the business won't exist. So, as most can imagine, motivating, training and energizing the salesforce should be as critical to a business as advertising and promotion. Without a strong sales force them, businesses can't close a sale and book revenue. With that said, here are some tips to help motivate and empower a collective salesforce. Give your team the power of positive feedback. Executives are fooling themselves if they think a sales force will work forever on financial motivation alone, but that's simply not true. Most sales people are a personality type that requires feedback. They emotionally connect with their customers, peers and networks, constantly seeking approval, satisfaction and achievement. The business owner or manager¡¯s role is to support and reinforce the efforts of a motivated sales person. Without realizing it, a manager can drain the motivation right out of a team. A manager can strip away motivation them by creating a stressful, negative work environment. Guide and support them in building their own approachMany people ""fall"" into sales as a career, finding themselves to be good at it early on. As they improve their techniques and confidence, they gradually work their way higher and higher up the food chain of a business until they reach the ceiling and seek entrepreneurial opportunity. ""Sorry for taking so long to write properly but I literally haven't had a spare minute to do anything these last few weeks. Advance warning that this is likely to be a very long post so I can tell you everything thats been going on. I really miss it when I dont get time to blog and I find my mood starts to go down hill when I'm bottling things up that I can't get out of my system via a good old blog post,silly but true.Right, so first news I suppose is that I am now writing for two blogs! Yes the woman who can't keep one blog up to date is now writing 2! The reason I'm doing this is because I have been made a patient ambassador for the transplant charity Live Life then Give Life. Along with my lovely friend Rachael Wakefield , we will be telling our stories, helping people put a face to the transplant statistics and writing a blog about life waiting for transplant (you can read the blog here or via the link in the right hand column). I'm really honoured to have been asked to do this and will do my best to keep people thinking about organ donation.Another piece of good news is that I'm doing realy well on my Open University course. The last two essays I have written were some of the hardest I've encountered and no one could have been more suprised than I was when I recieved an A grade for both of them!!! The first A grades I've recieved on any of my OU courses. It really has made all the hard work worthwhile but more than that its made me feel valuable and like I've achieved something. As I have said over on the ambassador blog, studying is something that has nothing to do with illness but is the one thing that remains just for me. To do well on it makes me unbelievably satisfied and happy.The course has done more for me than just cheer me up, it has made me seriously consider what I want to do study wise. I have enjoyed this literature based course more than any of the others I have done and am so far doing well on it. It is making me think about changing my degree subject to a BA in Literature. This would mean me doing a few more courses but I really think deep down this could be right for me. I know it sounds completely mad to change this late in the day! (and very unlike me) but I have to compromise on so many things why should I not take a leap of faith here? A Literature degree would make more sense for any acting dreams I have and if I find the work more enjoyable then I think its worth it. I'm still yet to decide properly but its something I'm very seriously considering.On the not so good side I have been finding myself struggling more lately. I have reached the point in my course where I'm kept very busy and there is a lot riding on these last few months/essays. I am also struggling more with my health. I had a good clinic visit at the end of January but for months now I have been getting more breathless/exhausted with trivial things. Last month I had my oxygen levels checked to see if I required more oxygen to make my life easier. Everything is coming back as stable, my lung function is stable, oxygen is ok, blood tests showed my infection markers are fine, all definate positives......but I still feel awful on a day to day basis. It sounds awful but I almost feel as though I'm hovering in an area in between 'ill enough to do something and ok enough that theres nothing that will make a difference' and to be honest I'd rather be one or the other. Its been over 2 and a half years since I went on the list and while I expect things to have declined, it is very very hard to feel you need help and support but not to recieve it. Over the last few weeks I have become very wheezy and my chest often feels very uncomfortable. My treatment regieme barely leaves me any time to study and I feel like what I want to do has to take a back seat. Its like the CF is getting bigger and I'm getting smaller.I'm determined to finish my course and to do it to the very best of my ability but when I am constantly doing meds or feeling ill it is becoming almost impossible (see here). Things like my blog, keeping in touch with friends etc are falling down my list and I'm struggling to keep my head above water at the moment.That said, I will keep going until things get easier. I will do as much as i can even in the small snatches of time that I get away from treatments. I will keep on because of how lucky I am to still be here and because I will not let CF take away something else I hold so dear to me. I want this transplant so badly now, this life at the moment is making me appreciate how good things are going to become one day. There are so many things right now that I have to push to the back of my mind because I can't do them and to think about them physically hurts me. I miss so many aspects of the life I haven't even been able to begin yet.If I'm not around much lately you will now know why, I'm still here (even if a little worse for wear) and I'm keeping on, the only way I know how.""Firstly, I get to go on tour with my brother again. We're biking across BC and to the West Coast. woot woot! and I was just talking to both my brothers over the phone, so that's made me even more excited.Secondly, I don't have to be in school anymore! and I get to be active all day!!!! YES!!!! I mean, I LOVE LOVE LOVE physics 30, it's the most amazing course I've taken so far in my life and I would definitely go to university to get into noetic science and atomic physics and all that jazzzzzz. But that would mean that I would have to get high school diploma...and I'm too bored with school to do that. why go through everyone else's motions when I can just take my own path? I'll learn just as much this way. and if I have my way about it, I'll be talking to plenty of people who know about science in my lifetime. for the simple reason that I'm manifesting it. So. Thirdly...it's freaking SUMMER. who ISN'T excited about it?? =PAnd in the next couple of years I'm hoping to be on the other land mass, touring around Europe and Africa and Asia and Australia AND, this is the one I want to go to most, ThE MiDdLe EaSt!!!!!!!!!!! I'm soooo excited to go to Israel and Afghanistan and India and Syria and Lebanon and TURKEY!!!! especially Turkey. However, I'm feeling productive, so I believe I shall go sew something.Peace and Love, my dear friends!!!""If you are looking for a fun way to keep busy, the coming weekend will be a busy and exciting one in the Adirondack North Country. On Saturday, the best alpine skiers in the United States will be racing at Whiteface competing for the national title. From March 20-23, Whiteface Mountain in Wilmington, New York, will once again host the VISA U.S. Alpine Championships. Naturally, a number of Olympians fresh in from the Vancouver Olympic Games, including U.S. Olympic Gold Medalist Lindsey Vonn, U.S. Silver Medalist Julia Mancuso, U.S. Bronze Medalist Andrew Weibrecht, and U.S. Olympians Ted Ligety and Steve Nyman will be racing at our own Olympic Mountain.Back in the Village of Lake Placid, ice hockey will be the cold weather sport of choice when the Village hosts the 2010 NCAA Division III men's ice hockey national championships. The first playoff puck will be dropped on Friday, March 19. Not to be forgotten and one of my favorite ways to keep busy is indulging in the incredible spring skiing. We received another 10 inches of snow the night before last and the skiing has been superb. In my book, backcountry skiing luscious corn snow in 50-degree brilliant sunshine is one of the most fun and rejuvenating activities around. The Adirondacks have it all; the excitement and buzz of watching a top-level competition or participating in private ski excursion at your own quiet ski resort in the woods. All you have to do is choose.Today's featured photo shows the Lake Placid 1932 Olympic Arena, on Main Street, courtesy of Joann Sandone Reed. Today's brilliant blue sky, visible in the photo, and warm sunshine, made today's skiing obligation a delight.""Many people I meet as a marketer ask me how quickly their marketing will lead to sales and ultimately, revenue. I reply by asking them what their time to sale is and what their level of awareness is within their target markets? I also like to understand how many happy customers or clients they have created over time. Occasionally I get some puzzled looks. Whenever I do, I offer this simple Marketing lesson. Have you ever heard of the principle that one satisfied customer can bring you up to 10 more customers in a shorter amount of time than you can build them all by yourself? Well, let me show you why:There is five stages to building a customer from no-awareness to full blown evangelist. Get it right and you'll only have to go through the initial campaigns once or twice to build the initial base of satisfied customers extolling your virtues. This is the foundation I build many marketing campaigns on, ensuring I have strategies to take a potential customer on the journey through each stage.  Awareness: You must make a customer aware of your product or service category, your business and its capability. At this point of the process, lets face it, many potential targets are largely disinterested or indifferent as they can't see a need for your product or service in their life much of the time. This step is a hard, often cold part of the sales process, full of apathy and rejection. Interest: Something happens in a potential target's life or business for them to move from basic awareness phase and raise their interest in your offering. A target cannot get to interest if you haven't raised awareness of your brand and offering or capability with them ¡ª except through step five: satisfaction. This is the point of a process where we would qualify a target as a warm lead and nurture them carefully to build their interest into hungry desire.  ""We're leaving one  hot, dirty, sandstorm-riddled area in Africa and are headed to a hot, dirty sandstorm riddled area in the gulf.   Why?? for the love of all that's holy WHY? YOU ASK!? (as did I?)  Because (a) Stupid Sudan is having national elections soon and I am supposed to be here so I can pretend to care deeply about the ""issues"" facing Sudan so I can't be gone long; and (b) Josh is participating in a triathlon in Abu Dhabi.  -- Which is apparently why he insisted on hoggin the mail fairy so his ""gear"" could arrive and he could be prepared for his race and not die.  I'm guessing I probably shouldn't have eaten his power bars...but seriously, who could have known! There should have been a sign.And finally (since I really don't have anything to say) I would just like to point out that we watched a movie this weekend (which I also realize you guys probably all saw like 6 months ago, but just be polite and pretend to listen) ""The Road""  with that one guy who was in Hidalgo and used to be soo dreamy until I found out that he likes to write poetry and commune with Nature (that's not my way).    Did you guys see this?? The world is basically dying (I'm still not sure why, or what happened frankly) and that guy in Hidalgo and his son try to go south and avoid cannibals (why are cannibals always depicted like they're from West Virginia?  And why do people from West Virginia always manage to LIVE when everyone else dies off...the inbred people seem to thrive in a catastrophe.....someone should really study that or something.  Learn their secret.)ANYWAY, I'm not sure what happened, or why I watched that movie.  All I know is that I am going to hoard some shoes (?? No, I'm not sure what happened to everyone's shoes frankly) and some canned fruit cocktail.  Don't ask questions.....trust me.  Just do it. You never know when something will happen that will make all the animals die and"Jenni and I were driving in the car this afternoon when she began to tell me about a situation at her work. She was telling me about a fellow employee who was sent into the office to discuss some issues. She incredulously told me that his infraction was so bad that he had to talk to the (and I quote) "SBO". I replied, "Do you mean CEO"? Jenni: "Oh yeah...what is a SBO?" Me: "Isn't that a Student Body Officer?" Jenni: "hahahahahahha! What is a CEO?" Me: "Chief Executive Officer". Jenni: "Oh, yeah that one" Never a dull moment."¡°The web is becoming a live medium ¡ª sales and auctions happen in time, product launches, chats with celebrities, live video events and audio, games, events in virtual worlds ¡ª there are a huge amount of scheduled things taking place,¡± says Nova Spivack, who recently sold off his semantic web search engine Twine to Evri. Now he¡¯s setting out to create a massive programming guide to those live online events, called Live Matrix.Spivack last year brought on Sanjay Reddy, who¡¯d done corporate development at Gemstar-TV Guide and led its sale to Macrovision for $2.8 billion. Reddy knew from experience that TV watchers spend 10 percent of their time watching TV on the interactive programming guide (per set-top box data). The web has much more going on at any one time, but nothing like an IPG.Does that metaphor carry over? That¡¯s what Spivack, who¡¯s serving as Live Matrix chairman, and Reddy, the CEO, want to find out. They plan to launch in May and gave me a look at the pre-release site under the condition that I not release screenshots. I¡¯ll tell you a bit more about what they¡¯re doing and describe in words what it looks like.First of all, there¡¯s the prototypical grid interface ¡ª though instead of listing channels due to preset numbers like on TV, they¡¯re dynamically ordered based on demand. Log in during March Madness? That¡¯s going to be on top. If a web metaphor is more your style, you can look at all the events in a Digg-like interface. Users can pull events into a personal playlist and receive reminders when they start. If you actually want to watch something, Live Matrix sends you to the host site rather than framing the content.""I just sent this video (That's My King) to my best friend and her response is overwhelming! Her awe reminds me of my own awe, her joy of my own joy, her faith of my own faith. It's just what I needed to keep on going... so many things to say about my king- words that barely describe him already put me in silence. I've been avoiding the monologues-I've been sitting on the computer doing everything else. I've been eating grapes, talking on the phone, asking help for the monologues, getting ideas for the monologues, talking about the monologues but not actually doing them.""I think I'm avoiding monologues... I guess I am scared God won't provide..."" and do you know what she said? ""GOD IS A PROVIDER, HE ALWAYS PROVIDE."" What I need to do is: just believe. This is where I stop thinking abstractly about faith and live it out. Step one- just start. He will not pick you up from the ground, no, He will help you up as you overcome, you must start walking (faith) and He will lift you (grace) and you will fly...P.s. God remembers us and who we are! He sends angels..."Now, these may have been around for ages, we can't really be sure because, truth be told, it's pretty rare for us to troll the aisles of Kohl's makeup section looking for KIRFs. Regardless, a helpful, hawk-eyed reader snapped this shot of an eyeshadow palette -- called eyemobile -- that's got the distinct iPhone aura going on, though we're 100 percent certain this is an unauthorized use case. It's hard to say from the photo, but it also looks like there's a lip gloss palette in the background (which we assume is called lipmobile), and that, friends, we would pay money for. Lots of money."It started out innocently enough. Last week while on the phone with my mom and one of my sisters, the subject turned to movies. I told them how excited I was about Alice in Wonderland and joked that I even considered making a ""mad hat"" just for the occasion. After all, one can't have so many favorites in one project and not commemorate. (Those favorites being Johnny Depp, Tim Burton, Anne Hathaway, Helena B-Carter and the tale of Alice, of course.) We all got a good laugh out of it, and then the topic of conversation changed again. I thought no more of it until the next day.At work I looked around my desk at all the random doo-dads and trinkets. I knew why they were there - to add a bit of whimsy to my space, some fun and silliness. ""Ha!"" I thought to myself, ""Could you imagine putting those things on a hat? How curious."" I came home, and while taking off my jewelry, I noticed more little things on my dresser: various pins and buttons, a pocket-watch that still needs a chain, a fuzzy lapel pin that looks a lot like a Tribble.""Well, I do seem to have the materials, if I were so inclined...""Thursday night found me with all manner of delicious nonsense spread out across my coffee table.""But you love that hat,"" HomeBoy said.""None of the changes will be permanent,"" I assured him, ""I'm only using hat pins and tape."" I had forgotten how much fun arts and crafts can be. Fixing and fastening, arranging, rearranging, positioning just so... I really did enjoy myself. And, in true childlike fashion, I couldn't wait to show it - ""Look what I made!""The silliest part may be that I'm not at all embarrassed. At no point did I feel like I was too old to do such a thing. To be honest, I am quite relieved to find I am capable of such nonsense.""IN A NUTSHELL: WE HAVE USED THE MODEL #22205 DAILY SINCE 1997The model 22205 is almost an exact twin of the model offered here, except it was offered for sale to us in 1997. We have 5 children and this brave little toaster has seen alot of service since 1997 without a single problem.WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT: 900 WATTS - WHITE ENAMEL FINISH - CRUMB TRAYWe have used and overused this little appliance and while 5 coffee makers and 3 'Foreman Grills' have worn out this toaster keeps toasting just like it always has.CAUTION: HOT TO THE TOUCHLike toasters of old, this one is hot to the touch with only thin metal and white baked enamel between your fingers and the red hot nichrome filaments that are powered by 900 watts of electricity. Actually, it was the 900 watts versus 7-800 watts of other toasters that got me to buy this in the first place. It even has a crumb bin! Well, 9.5 years and counting, but soon we may want to replace it for a 'cool-touch', though I think we will always keep this brave little toaster around for sentimental reasons.[I AM NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY COMPANY OR PRODUCT] ""Clifford¡¯s own connection to soup is profound. As a ten-year old vacationing in Spain, he is taken for his first meal in a fine dining restaurant: A bowl of soup can be a powerful dish. It recalls memories, warm the heart and soul, and can use up plenty of leftovers in our cupboards and refrigerators. Clifford Wright¡¯s The Best Soups in the World (Wiley 2010) appeals to all these aspects of soup. His book delivers recipes from around the world with intelligent commentary. Even as the weather warms up this Spring, get out the soup pot and make some soup. It starts as almost all soup books do, with basic broths (p. 9) followed by clear soups (p. 19). The real action is in the next chapter on chunky meat soups (p. 41) The first recipe isn¡¯t for a standard beefy mushroom soup, but for Blackfoot Bison and Blackberry Soup (p. 42) for which you need buffalo bones, suet and meet and spicebush berries, all of which might be hard to find. Clifford calls the recipe a ¡°curiosity¡±, but he expects the reader to make the soup, even with the substitute ingredients of beef bones, suet and meat, and juniper berries. What is really interesting is that in the recipe notes he writes about who the Blackfoot Nation are (three different tribes) and a bit of their culinary culture.He follows with a recipe for Shchi (p. 44), the Russian beef and sauerkraut (or fresh cabbage) soup that has a thousand variations, and Borshch (p. 46), along with an essay on ¡°Everything You Want to Know About Borshch¡± that covers the history of borshch and the boscht belt. From there Clifford roams the world, from Greece with Avgolemono Meatball Soup (p. 50) to Polish Zurek (p. 54) to Turkmen Boiled Soup (p. 63). There are side essays that fill you in about soup practices in Africa or specific kinds of obscure soups. Although there is a wealth of information, the recipes dominate ? this is a book to cook with and enjoy. """"Next up, blood-thirsty bunnies Marlo is officially down to two naps. For those of you who do not have children, that first sentence will mean nothing to you. For those of you who do, you probably just experienced an instinctual pain in your chest at the memory of what it means to plan your life around your baby's sleep schedule. Or is that just me? I can't be the only one who has run outside and verbally berated the garbage truck driver for disturbing a nap, THERE GOES THE REST OF MY DAY. Garbage truck diver, snow plower, mail carrier... all have been informed at one time or another of Marlo's sleep schedule. It goes like this: when Marlo's asleep, no one is allowed to breathe. The end.You don't want that crazy, short-haired Southern lady who looks like an eight-year-old boy running out into the street in her bare feet. She may be liberal, but she's related to people who own guns. And just this week we've managed to manipulate her schedule so that she's sleeping in until 6:30 AM. Do you have any idea how indulgent this feels, to sleep in so late? No, you don't understand. It like we're fifteen years old, and suddenly the prophet has declared that pre-marital sex is totally okay. I guess I should say, that one time we slept in so late since our other child has decided that days now begin at 5 AM. Read that again: FIVE O'CLOCK IN THE MORNING. You want to know why? Because she thinks a leprechaun is tapping on her window. I cannot believe I just wrote that sentence. I mean, I can understand a fear of spiders or earthquakes or rats that are big enough to eat your face off. But, little green dudes? If anything you want them at your party because they can hold their liquor. Also, don't they all come with marshmallows? And, I don't remember ever talking to her about leprechauns, so I'm guessing this is one of those rotten things she picked up at school, like addition and subtraction. And what do you know, IT IS. Turns out one has been coming into their classroom and leaving notes in the days leading up to St. Patrick's Day. And this afternoon when I told her teacher about this early-morning tapping leprechaun, she said with a gleam in her eye, """"Oh yes, he'd be tapping, for sure. They're cobblers, you know.""""HAHA! I'm laughing because, that is just so damn brilliant. They have to deal with our kids all day long, and oh no. Is your kid waking up early? How sad for you who get to send them AWAY ALL DAY. It's like, if I'm going to blame the teacher for the leprechaun, she's more than happy to break out her fifty-page, single-spaced document of quirks she'd like explained, thank you very much. Well played, elementary school teachers. Well played. That decrepit old hag This is quickly and steadily becoming A List of My Ailments Blog, and """This iron hardly got hot enough to flatten anything. Very little heat production, maybe faulty item, but warranty service was poor. My hair is quite curly and so needs straighening every day. The sedu does straighten reasonable well but it takes quite a lot of time and also the machine has a design fault (or so it seems) as it is extremely easy to trap your fingers in it while using it. I was impressed by the sound of the product having tourmaline plates which are meant to help prevent split ends.I like it very much! i like the 1" better than the wider 1 1/2" because i have bangs (that absolutly MUST be staightened) but it still works GREAT on my long hair. and it makes it sooo soft. and well that just makes me smile.so just buy it already. really you will be so glad you made the choice. I used to straighten my hair in the salon and it takes me too much time. Then my friend suggest me to try it myself with a hair straightener. And she recommended SEDU. I really didn't want to spend as much as this hair straightener costs, but after reviews, and needing one that didn't rip my coarse & curly hair to shreds, I relented. Well it is a wonderful tool. It heats up extremely quickly and my hair is shiny, & silky smooth. I'm also applying Biosilk Silk Therapy to my hair prior to flatironing. Thanks to both the flatiron and the Silk Therapy, the formerly very tough job of hair straightening is now far easier for me. Thanks very much!"A few years ago Mark McPherson contacted me out of the blue asking if I was interested in taking part in a book project that focused on Australian and American photographers. I thought, hmm... that's random, but potentially interesting. I knew very little about Australia beyond the cliches of surfing, kangaroos and walkabouts. Since Hijacked was released I have been involved in an intense love affair with the country.Thank you, Mark, for opening so many doors.After three weeks touring about New South Wales, I'm now in Perth for a series of Foto Freo related events. Thursday, Stranded will have it's solo debut at the Perth Centre for Photography. The show will include 33 images and I'm nervous and excited to see how they work together. Foto Freo also includes talks and shows by Trente Park, Chien-Chi Chang, Jon Levy and friends and fellow Americans Carrie Levy, Stacy Mehfar and Andy Adams.Thanks to Bob Hewitt, June Moorhouse, Laura Beilby and the folks at the Perth Centre for Photography for inviting me to Australia and Foto Freo. There is an interesting article in Seed Magazine that sums up recent research around the growing debate of whether animals are people. It would appear that many of the traits we have long considered uniquely human are not so unique after all. The debate feels less like a struggle for scientific clarity and more like a brainy ape's desperate attempt to hold on to his fragile sense of supremacy.Instead of ""what makes us human"" being a question where we are able to constantly adjust the answer, maybe we should make it a statement and choose a definition that commits us to a more humane standard of dominion. A year ago I met Stacy Mehrfar for a drink at the Half King in Chelsea. We'd known each other since our early days printing in the color darkroom at the ICP, but on that day Stacy was in town from Sydney, where she lives with her husband Gavin. As we were catching up over a drink and talking about her new adopted country, she mentioned a strange phrase, Tall Poppy Syndrome. Tall Poppy Syndrome is an Australian societal phenomenon where people who are seen to be successful are resented by their fellow citizens. Having been raised in a country that preaches the religion of individual success (USA! USA! USA!), this concept was foreign to me. As we discussed it further we decided it would be a great structure for a photo series about Australia.""THE ELEGANT WOMAN in the pink silk kimono attracts admiring glances from be-suited businessmen and elderly Japanese women as she walks through the narrow, tourist-choked streets leading to Tokyo's Sensoji Temple. The locals here in the old district of Asakusa know a real geisha when they spot one ¡ª even if she is a tall Westerner with olive-green eyes. From her rounded bun hairstyle to her pigeon-toed tabi socks, Sayuki, otherwise known as anthropologist Fiona Graham, is decked out so immaculately in true geisha style that her admirers utter the same compliment as she passes by: kirei desu ne ¡ª she's beautiful.Sayuki denies she's a flawless example of Japan's ancient flower and willow world. ""Being a geisha takes a lifetime to perfect,"" she deflects, as she clacks along in lacquer sandals that she wears slightly too small to make her size-8 feet look more petite. Sayuki, who was born in Melbourne, Australia, became the first foreign woman in the notoriously closed profession's 400-year history to formally debut as a geisha two years ago, in late 2007. ""I've only just begun,"" she says. ""To many of my geisha sisters, I'm still a walking disaster.""It's all relative. Near Sensoji's majestic red gateway, gaggles of female Japanese tourists are clad in flowery kimonos ¡ª a new retro fashion trend. Sacrilegiously, they've added lace and frills to the fabric and wear garish costume jewelry. ""Also, they don't wear underwear. The geisha elders are scandalized,"" laughs Sayuki, with only a faint Aussie twang in her girlish voice. ""I'm wearing four layers of lingerie under my kimono, so at least I've got that right."" Flaunting womanly curves is considered vulgar in the refined geisha realm; the layered undergarments, resembling silk bandages, ensure a tubular, demure silhouette.""I am currently over in Estonia, speaking at a conference in Tallinn about media and marketing innovation. The lovely Hando Sinisalu from Best Marketing has been filling me in on the state of affairs over here.Estonia has been incredibly hard hit by the recession, with an 80% reduction in advertising in print since its peak in 2008. He told me that very few advertisers are spending any money at all - the only category that is seems to be Telecoms, where there is fierce competition.Between 2000 and 2007, Estonia was one of the fastest growing countries in the region, with year-on-year growth in consumption averaging around 9.5%.The economy shrank by a massive 14.1% last year, so times are very tough, but the hope of joining the Euro next year is keeping people optimistic.My presentation was about the learnings we have from the Festival of Media and the Festival of Media Awards, including lots of examples of media innovation, new technologies and branded utility.""For those of you who loved the Valentino Spring 2010 ready-to-wear line ? with it¡¯s organic coral-shaped lace embellishments ? when it first appeared on the   However,  on the retail pricing issue, these hit a more negative note.So, are these retailing for $1000, $2000, or even $3000?Nay, I say.These babies will run you a cool $4700 ? plus shipping.Ouch.Are these pretty?Yes.Unique?Certainly.Are they nearly 5K worth of all that?Not in this shoeblogger¡¯s humble opinion.What do you think?runway last year, you are in luck. Luckily for Jenn, this shoe was tickling my memory.   It is definitely similar to styles that we saw being produced by many designers last spring; blending cage and gladiator sandal styles with a zip-front and high heel.  After a little bit more investigation to jog my memory, these are eerily similar to the (now out of stock)  Christian Louboutin ¡®Zipette¡¯ that was available for sale last spring and the prior fall (2008-2009).  That double platform has been favored by Christian Louboutin for several seasons now. Unfortunately, these are past-season shoes which will make purchasing an original Louboutin style a challenge and test of personal patience (which can pay off, if time is not an issue for you).On a positive note, there are several designers producing similar, zip-front, caged gladiator sandals for the upcoming spring 2010 season.The original Louboutin Zipette has long since sold out of luxury retailers such as Saks and Neiman Marcus. So, now it¡¯s up to Jenn. Does she wants to pursue a Louboutin aftermarket shoe-quest? Or would she prefer a to look at similar, but not identical, offerings that are currently available from several other brands?I have rounded up several alternatives if she is looking for a style to wear this spring, since a Louboutin quest can take months or years. We hope that his helps Jenn out in her quest for her perfect high-heeled cage gladiator. Last month I had a short telephone call with Courtney and Philip Mason, the owners of a young art-to-wear brand named ¡®Studio Jellyfish¡¯.  Call it  a mini-interview, if you wish.And, despite the writer¡¯s block that has been for some reason confounding me on this article (this is at least the 3rd draft I have worked on thus far), I am determined to finish this today.  Luckily, the hand-painted artwork of these shoes and handbags is striking enough to speak for itself, so I¡¯ve decided to start with a few images to ¡®get the conversation going¡¯. These painted ladies all have their own personality ? and names.   Names like ¡®Golden Goddess¡¯, ¡®Blueberry Girl¡¯ and ¡®Bubblegum Girl¡¯.  You won¡¯t find any generic style numbers here.Of course, with every pair carefully embellished by hand, would you expect anything else?  Per Courtney, each ¡®girl¡¯ has been designed prior to appearing on a shoe or accessory, and is then free-handed onto the fashion canvas using a paint pen medium. The handmade nature of the creative process makes each pair of shoes subtly unique.When asked if she had a favorite, Courtney answered without a bit of hesitation, ¡°Bubblegum Girl, and some new ones that are in the works.¡± (Bubblegum Girl is on the second row at the left.) These painted ladies all have their own personality ? and names.   Names like ¡®Golden Goddess¡¯, ¡®Blueberry Girl¡¯ and ¡®Bubblegum Girl¡¯.  You won¡¯t find any generic style numbers here.Of course, with every pair carefully embellished by hand, would you expect anything else?Per Courtney, each ¡®girl¡¯ has been designed prior to appearing on a shoe or accessory, and is then free-handed onto the fashion canvas using a paint pen medium. The handmade nature of the creative process makes each pair of shoes subtly unique.When asked if she had a favorite, Courtney answered without a bit of hesitation, ¡°Bubblegum Girl, and some new ones that are in the works.¡± (Bubblegum Girl is on the second row at the left.)According to Philip, one of their goals is to bring fine art into everyday accessible fashion. ¡°all day, every day¡±.  And it looks like they have a growing consumer fan base that agrees.  In fact, in the just over 4 months that they have been operating their various websites (online shopfront & etsy.com), they have had orders ranging from the United States to Ireland, London, and Saudi Arabia.  They also have plans in the works to expand into more mainstream fashion which will include denim and shirts and will continue to feature their signature ¡®girls¡¯.So, who are their favorite designers or other influences?  Ferragamo was immediately mentioned for classic appeal and style. When I mentioned how much their visual style reminded me of the bold simplicity of Patrick Nagel¡¯s works ? but with a hint of Gwen Stefani¡¯s Harajuku Girls, Philip agreed, saying, ¡°You pretty much nailed it on the head.¡±  He also noted in a separate comment that ¡°We have twelve years working as graphic designers. We love what we do. We wanted to do something for ourselves and it seemed like a natural transition to move that onto shoes and fashion.¡±Oh, and about the name; why Studio Jellyfish?(Politely interrupting each other)¡°That goes back to when we first met. We both loved, still love the ocean.  There was this South Beach hotel with a jellyfish tank in the lobby. It reflects our love of the sea and has a lot of our past and memories in it.¡±So, writers block defeated.  Plus, there¡¯s even a small positive to come from it;  Studio Jellyfish is now holding a spring sale which ends on March 30th.""I can't get the stories of Haiti out of my mind.A patient showed up at the Port au Prince hospital ward with a massive left sided paralysis, an obvious stroke. This 48 year old woman had collapsed the day before and was now accompanied by her three grown daughters, who were most attentive and worried. I examined her in the bed with other patients and families gathered around. (There is no sense of privacy and even an exam seems to be everyone's business in Haiti). One daughter spoke broken English but I had a good translator that helped me get the information I needed.It was a sad story. They had been on the 5th floor when the Earthquake hit. They fell straight down and dad was killed. One of the children had a crush injury to his leg and the entire remaining family was now ""on the street"". Just surviving must have been such a strain. Then...mom has a massive stroke.As I was examining the patient further, one daughter handed me a quickly scrawled note. It read. ""I have a problem She have a AIDS"" In this private way, the daughter wanted me to know her mom had AIDS.In a country with such poverty, lack of health care and lack of education, it is not a surprise that HIV and AIDS remains a significant problem and Haiti is the Caribbean island most affected by AIDS. There also remains a stigma and HIV infection is a big secret. Once I asked my Haitian interpreter to ask an emaciated patient if he was HIV positive and the interpreter couldn't even ask the question. It is just not done. It was a real act of bravery for that daughter to pass me the secret note.""Why am I banging on about EGGS all of a sudden on a Saturday night (oops...actually it's 4am in the morning in Hong Kong here...)?  Well, because I've had a bit of an EGG-citing whirlwind trip to Hong Kong where the first part of the trip was already mind bogglingly EGG-citing but the second part also matched that EGG-citing ness in equal measure.  So that's a lot of eggs...But I promise there is a reason why EGGS are present in the post and hah, it is by no means round about and forced.  Ok maybe it is... oh well, here goes... Joyce aka the store which opened my eyes a little to Hong Kong's forward fashion acceptance last time I was there organised an even more eye-opening event to honour a special one-off project that Rodarte has taken part in.  The Mulleavy sisters have created four one-off outfits inspired by four characters played by Maggie Cheung (In the Mood for Love, Hero, The Heroic Trio, Clean) that were on exhibition at a bash thrown last night which accompanied a premiere of a short film directed by Wing Shya (most known for his graphic design and photography work on many Wong Kar Wai films...).  Rodarte.  In Hong Kong.  With Maggie Cheung.  Plenty of Wong Kar Wai connections/connotations.  Whats.NOT.to.like. I'm getting to the eggs, I promise.  I pretty much landed into Hong Kong feeling like a zombie but had to get stuck right into the proceedings of this event.  First up, a cocktail preceding dinner at renowned dining experience Yin Yang (weirdly enough, I tried to book a meal here last time I was in HK...).  In a group of about 18 peeps... there was Maggie Cheung bounding up to people introducing herself gaily and pretty much exuding friendliness and elegance.  Feeling small doesn't even quite cut it.  It is one of those cliches that everyone of Chinese origin (or maybe even non-Chinese origins...) universally hearts Maggie Cheung and she has 'national treasure' written all over (Judi Dench, you doth protest too much about the term...!) and frankly I'm not going to exempt myself.  She IS someone both my grandmother, my mother and me can get down with and after meeting her and err....  not creepily watching her at dinner... no, not at all.... I can go back home with happy reports.  The my mother will yelp with jealousy.  ""Good news for U.S. territories; Del. Donna M. Christensen (D-Virgin Islands) announced Thursday  she and fellow territorial delegates were successful in including the territories in the health care reform bill released by the House leadership. ¡°After numerous meetings over the past two weeks with members and senior staff and with the leadership in the House, Senate and with President Obama, the territories are in the bill,¡± Christensen said.While Christensen is pleased with the current proposal she said the bill was not perfect but will play a ¡°significant role in improving the health care of the American men, women and children living in the U.S. territories.¡±¡°Not only will the U.S. Virgin Islands receive an enormous infusion of new Medicaid dollars, but we also have access to the health insurance exchange.¡± Christensen released a statement thanking, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), Chairman Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.),  House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn (D-S.C.), Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), and her colleagues in the Congressional Tri-Caucus, which includes Latino and Asia members of Congress. ¡°This whole process confirms that when ordinary people come together around common ground, extraordinary things can happen, Christensen declared.""I keep wanting to use the word webinar, but I can't decide if it is too jargony. This  lexical conundrum reminds me of when the word workout went mainstream. It sounded too jargony  to me, and I used to say go-to-the-gym and a not-so-snappy stand-in.Should I use the word webinar?Should I tell you how many times Ryan Paugh told me that I have to announce the webinar if I want people to come to it? I kept not announcing anything because I didn't know what to call it.Whatever we are calling it, it will happen on this Friday, 1pm est. (Sign up here.) I know that people in Australia cannot listen at this time slot. You have told me before, and I'm listening. One day I will do a webinar at midnight. One day I will record webinars so it won't matter so much what time slot they happen in. One day there will be world peace.On Friday we will talk about finding fulfillment, which is actually like establishing world peace, just doing it one person at a time. In an act of full disclosure, I'm going to tell you that knowing what to do is not the hard part of finding fulfillment. Doing it is the hard part. It's like breaking up with a terrible boyfriend when the sex is really good. Not that I have ever had this problem. I have found that part of what makes a terrible boyfriend is terrible sex. But whatever. I can imagine the problem. The problem is that you  know what to do and you don't do it.Wait. Actually, that's the problem with everything. Like, I knew I was going to have to write a post about the webinar where I don't know if I should use the word webinar. I knew it wasn't going to change if I waited so long to write the post that Ryan Paugh wants to kill me. But I waited anyway. Why do we not take the action that we know is the right action? I will not be covering this problem in the webinar.""An 11-year-old girl -- a precocious reader -- was visiting my home a few weekends ago. Over the past year, she'd devoured ""The Great Gatsby,"" ""The Joy Luck Club"" and ""Huckleberry Finn."" She noticed the review copy of Picoult's 17th novel, ""House Rules,"" on my coffee table and said that she'd liked some of Picoult's other works, especially ""My Sister's Keeper"" and ""The Tenth Circle."" I told her this new novel was wonderful.Big mistake.Shyly, she asked if she could borrow it. I'm an educator, someone who, by training and disposition, is inclined to applaud a young person's thirst for reading. But I grabbed that fat review copy out of the kid's paws so fast she didn't have time to blink. The possessive hoarder who wants to keep all good books within reach had been awakened. I muttered something inane about the reviewers' code of honor forbidding me to lend books before they've been published. Hey, if this 11-year-old wunderkind has absorbed anything from her reading, she's surely learned the fundamental lesson of every Jodi Picoult fictional family: Life's tough.Throughout the long unfolding of ""House Rules,"" Picoult keeps so many storyline streamers whirling in the air that it would be easy just to praise her technical mastery. But though the multiple plots and narrators are, indeed, adroitly managed, what most readers will cherish is the character of Jacob Hunt, an 18-year-old high school student with Asperger's syndrome. (Jacob, in goofy teen fashion, jokes: ""Asperger's. I mean, doesn't it sound like a Grade Z cut of meat? Donkey on the barbecue?"")Asperger's rules Jacob's life and the life of his family, which consists of his understandably resentful-but-guilty younger brother, Theo, and his wry and exhausted mom, Emma. (Although Dad sends child support, he fled the coop long ago.) Emma ensures that a sense of routine -- so crucial to Jacob's emotional well-being -- is strictly maintained from week to week. His clothes are color-coded in his closet; daily meals are color-coded too (Monday food is green; Tuesday, red; Wednesday, yellow), and his diet is restricted, since glutens and caseins spark meltdowns. As Emma observes: ""Frankly, with 1 in 100 kids in the United States being diagnosed on the [autism] spectrum, I bet I could have a top-rated show on the Food Network: Alimentary Autism. Jacob doesn't share my culinary enthusiasm. He says that I'm what you'd get if you crossed Jenny Craig with Josef Mengele."" ""On Wednesday night, I was honored to be a guest on CUNY TV's Brian Lehrer Live, a weekly current events show filmed here in New York. I was there, along with Marisa Meltzer, the author of Girl Power: the Nineties Revolution in Music and Rob Walker, who writes the NYT's ""Consumed"" column and is also the author of Buying In: What We Buy and Who We Are. I was there to talk about the YouTube phenomenon that is the haul video. If you've never seen a haul video, it's basically a person doing on camera what you usually do when you come back from a shopping trip: excitedly show what you've bought to anyone who'll listen. Except in a haul video, you show it in front of your webcam and then post it on YouTube for an audience of thousands. Most haul videos are made by teenage girls, and most of the items been shown off are clothing or makeup, though a thorough browsing of the genre reveals that there are haul videos about a whole range of products, including groceries. It was a really interesting discussion, one that touched on issues of consumerism, teenage belonging and self-identity and on the cultural emphasis placed on women's beauty and the products we're encouraged to buy to achieve it. As you can imagine, I've been thinking a lot about haul videos in the last few days, and I think there are a few noteworthy things going on here. First, I think it's important to note that these videos are predominately made by teenage girls, and that the vast majority of the money they're spending is on clothes and on makeup. As I mentioned in the segment, the average American woman will spend over $20,000 on cosmetic products alone between the ages of 13 and 29. And that doesn't include manicures, pedicures, haircuts or colorings - that's just for makeup products.  Once you add in those services and include other services like tanning and waxing, the number goes up over $40,000. Over the course of a lifetime, the average American woman will spend about $500,000 on making herself beautiful. Half a million dollars. That's a studio apartment in New York. It's two full rides to medical school. And while a lot of women never go tanning or get a pedicure, and while products and services obviously cost less depending on where you live, as well as a number of other factors, that's still an enormous percentage of women's collective earnings being spent on making ourselves beautiful. As I said on Wednesday night, I'm in no position to tell anyone how to spend their money, but I think it's important to take a moment and imagine all the other things we could do with that money, and to carefully examine the reasons why we spend it on making ourselves beautiful. I should clarify that I don't think these women are buying these products because I think they're vain or vapid.""Eco fashion has been a profoundly online phenomenon from the get-go.  Slowly but surely, however, boutiques are cropping up all over North America and Europe.  If you¡¯re in Vancouver, you don¡¯t want to miss the chance to check out Body Politic founded by Nicole Ritchie-Oseen in 2008 and located in the South Main district of the city.  Body Politic features some of the hottest green designers including Stewart + Brown, Elroy and Perfectly Imperfect.Ritchie-Oseen says, ¡°At body politic we began with the belief that sustainable and eco-friendly clothing didn¡¯t mean sacrificing style. The goal was to fuel our absolute love of fashion and distinct style without compromising our environment, our community, or ourselves!¡±The space is as green as the fashion, with energy efficient lighting, re-purposed furniture and raw concrete walls as a neutral palette against which the carefully selected clothing and accessories stand out beautifully.Can¡¯t make it to Vancouver?  No worries!  Body Politic also sells online at www.bodypolitic.ca.  You can also keep up with the official Body Politic Blog, follow them on Facebook, and on Twitter.Supporting eco fashion designers and retailers is one of the best ways we can put our money where our ethics is.  Drop by in person or online and give Body Politic a lookseeÿ The earthquake that shook Haiti happened weeks ago, but the needs of the Haitians are greater now than ever.  Doctors, supplies, and provisions must continue to be sent to assist families that are still suffering from the effects of losing everything?including loved ones.To answer the call, the independently owned jewelry company Love Heals has created four special pieces of which they will donate 100% of the profits to Doctors Without Borders.  If you¡¯ve never heard of Love Heals, check out their website and touching story:""Hi. I am Kim Moldofsky from Morton Grove, Illinois. Agliophobia is a fear of pain; iatrophobia is a fear of doctors, but I have yet to find a word that defines my biggest fear¡ªa fear of pre-existing conditions. My fear of pre-existing conditions began years ago when I was diagnosed with Sjogren's Syndrome, an auto-immune disease that causes dry eye and dry mouth. My illness seemed more of nuisance than a health crisis, so I was shocked when after my husband¡¯s employer went bankrupt and we lost our medical coverage, I was repeatedly told that I was uninsurable due to this condition. That was back in 2001, when I was 33 years old.Eventually, my husband found a job with benefits. After a period of time, my faulty immune system was covered in full, which was helpful because by then I had developed rheumatoid arthritis. Still, once it was diagnosed, and I found the right combination of medicines to combat my symptoms, life continued at a normal pace. We were happy to have medical insurance, but we didn¡¯t have a great policy. We had a $5,000 deductible for our family, and with two young children under foot, we often met that deductible. At one point, I realized our high cost, high deductible actually penalized us for using the plan. For example, using the mail-order pharmacy aligned with our plan, it cost me over $2,000 a year for certain medication, a certain arthritis drug. On my doctor¡¯s recommendation, I checked the prices at the local Costco. It turned out that the same drug cost me less than $300 without my insurance at Costco.In the fall of 2008, my husband lost his job and eventually his benefits. This time, I felt fortunate to find a private insurance, a private insurer saving me the expense of the state plan. However, like many policies, it does not provide coverage on the issues that matter most to my family, even my 9-year-old son has a pre-existing condition that is not covered. And of course, my arthritis, well they accepted me into a plan, into the plan with a special deductible for arthritis-related treatment. Knowing that this typically only involves a couple thousand dollars of treatment a year, we felt okay with that. However, it wasn¡¯t until after we had signed on the dotted line, the only dotted line that was available to cover my entire family, that we learned this deductible which I assumed was $5,000 or $10,000 was actually a $65,000 deductible¡ªa $65,000 deductible for the most pressing medical condition in my family.It is not creaking bones that keep me awake at night¡ªit¡¯s the fear of developing a condition related to my arthritis that could send us tumbling into bankruptcy. Although I have some coverage, I have a fear of unexpected news, odd test results, a new diagnosis. I have a fear of a new pre-existing condition, a phobia without a name. Although we pay several hundred dollars a month for access to quality care, I am afraid to use it. I often ignore minor aches and pains. I have held off on some scheduled blood tests and exam, and I worry that my attempt to save a few dollars now could cost me dearly in the future if minor problems spiral into larger ones, but ironically, as long as people with pre-existing conditions can be denied coverage, spending money on doctor visits and tests to solve problems early on could actually cost more dearly in the future. ""So a few weeks(?) ago I got a message from some guy on OkCupid. He seemed smart, funny, cute and familiar. Like we¡¯d met already. I couldn¡¯t place him, though.So I replied to his message and said, straight out, You seem familiar, is it possible that we¡¯ve met?A couple of days passed and I didn¡¯t hear back from him, so I figured he placed me from somewhere (maybe we went out years ago, or something) and didn¡¯t want to reply.  In the meantime, I was getting some unwanted attention from a bunch of guys (young, persistent ones who clearly had been hearing wild things about older women) and so I decided to shut down the OkCupid profile and focus on Match and Chemistry.So then a week or so later I got a message from that same guy on Match.com, asking me where I went to/why I disappeared? I thought it was sweet the way he followed up with me on another site. But he didn¡¯t mention my question about looking familiar.You know where this is going, don¡¯t you?  I think I¡¯ve figured it out.  After a few messages back and forth, he said something in a message that jogged my memory.  I think he¡¯s this guy.  I¡¯m 95% sure (but not 100%).  It¡¯s embarrassing that I don¡¯t recognize him from his pictures or profile and that he doesn¡¯t recognize me (my profile is almost identical, and while my pictures are new they really do look like me).  But I have to admit, my memory is completely useless lately (I take some medicine that messes it up, and so I write EVERYTHING down).  And I¡¯ve always been bad at recognizing people/faces.So now what? He¡¯s been aggressively pursuing me, online, for weeks. Do I just stop replying?  Do I tell him that I think we already went out last summer and tell him the details and see if it was him?  Do I just let it ride and go out with him, again, telling him nothing about my suspicions just to see what happens?Could this possibly be the universe telling me that that bad date was a fluke and me and this guy should meet again?Today's girl has really evolved in the last couple of years. I honestly didn't recognize her when I was going through the thumbnails!Yesterday's answer is behind the cut. Were you correct?""It's funny, but I barely remember the first time I visited New York. I was nine years old, and went with my Dad and brother to see the World's Fair in Queens. I remember the It's a Small World Exhibit, but mostly I remember the car ride home on the Jersey Turnpike, gazing out at the brightly lit New York skyline and realizing for the first time that if it's dark outside, you can actually look sideways out the window and not get car sick.  The next time I visited New York, I was on an eight grade class trip. I think we went to the United Nations, but I don't recall that. Here are the two things I do remember - (1) singing ""99 Bottles of Beer on the Wall""while stuck in traffic coming out of the Lincoln Tunnel onto 42nd Street, which in those days was lined with Peep Shows and Porn Shops and (2) being a smart-ass with my friends and leaving a one-cent tip at the restaurant in Tudor City where we were packed in and served overcooked Salisbury Steak, which was basically inedible. (Even then, I was a food critic..)The third time I visited New York, I fell in love. It was a day trip I took during college with my best friends. I think we must have seen a play, but for the life of me, I don't remember what it was. This time it was lunch at Mama Leone's, which even I, the rube from Philly, recognized as cattle call for tourists - the place was loud and packed and I felt like a number.  And the portions?  HUGE. Like ""I think I'm gonna' be sick"", huge.  So we decided to walk it off with a stroll in Central Park. And it was there, sitting under the Wisteria Arbor on the West Drive, that I fell. Hard. Maybe it was  the intoxicating floral perfume. Combined with post-prandial carbohydrate overload and a bit of a buzz from the wine we had with lunch. And a warm spring day and best friends. And that skyline. (Clearly, it was not the food...) All I knew was - I was in love. With a city. And I knew - I had to move here. ""Acne is the word every teen hates but faces this nightmare at one point or the other during her growing years. There are as many numbers of creams and lotions available as the number of teens with acne! New research suggests that a diet with foods containing low glycemic loads could help people suffering from acne to get rid of their acne.Scientists from th RMIT university in Melbourne studied the effect of food on about forty three patients aged between 15 and 25 years. They were randomly assigned a normal diet and a low glycemic load diet for 12 weeks. The diet consisted of 25 percent energy from protein and 45 percent from low-glycemic-index carbohydrates.It was found that people whose diet consisted of low-glycemic-index carbohydrates had a significant reduction in the total acne when compared to people on a normal diet.What is Glycemic index?The Glycemic Index (GI) relates to the way your body¡¯s sugar levels respond to certain foods. Foods are given a rating from 0 -100 on the glycemic index with glucose in the highest position. High Glycemic Index foods (such as simple carbohydrates) will increase the body¡¯s sugar levels rapidly whereas low glycemic index foods will increase the body¡¯s sugar levels slowly according to HWF.The new findings suggest that diets that contain low glycemic loads may not only improve insulin sensitivity and helps reduce weight but clears up acne as well.So, if you want to get rid of acne and have a blemish free skin, foods that have high glycemic index like white bread, sugar, potatoes are a strict NO. However you can eat low-glycemic foods like whole grains, vegetables, fish and lean meat as these foods are kinder to your skin and say good bye to acne forever""Marisa Meltzer is the author of Girl Power: The Nineties Revolution in Music and the co-author of How Sassy Changed My Life: A Love Letter to the Greatest Teen Magazine of All Time. She is a contributor at Slate and the Daily Beast, where she reviews books and movies, and writes about gender in popular culture.Girl Power, which Courtney posted about a few months ago, is about the evolution of the feminist message in music during the era when Meltzer was coming of age. In the process of writing her book, Meltzer, who was a fan of Kathleen Hanna and Sleater-Kinney as a teen, travelled around the country attending music festivals, revisited the records of her youth, and even got a chance to meet and interview some of the women who made those records. But she also confesses that in order to write Girl Power, she had to watch the Spice Girls movie. Meltzer seems to have pretty much the coolest job in the world - Spice Girls movie aside.Feministing readers who love music, movies and Sarah Haskins should check out Meltzer's archive of writing for the Daily Beast. Feministing readers who secretly love the Bring It On franchise should wait until no one's around to see their browser tabs and then go read Meltzer's analysis of the series.And now, without further ado, the Feministing Five, with Marisa Meltzer.""Public=Online is the the rallying cry during this year¡¯s Sunshine Week, an annual event to highlight the importance of open government and the freedom of information. The week is sponsored by the American Society of News Editors, and many editorial boards have echoed the thoughts of the Cleveland Plain Dealer:    ¡°...government information ought to be made available to the public as quickly as possible, with a minimum of rigmarole and in the easiest, most accessible way possible--which these days means via the Internet.¡±We agree--and what better way to celebrate Sunshine Week than with leading thinkers on government, media and citizen engagement on all sides of the political spectrum who feel the same? Yesterday at our Google D.C. office, the Sunlight Foundation announced its Public=Online campaign.It¡¯s exciting to see growing support for transparency and to see the progress that¡¯s been made in the last year alone. Every day, through sites like Data.gov and projects like Open Congress, OMB Watch and our Public Data Explorer, more data is available online.But there¡¯s still a gap between having access to government data and easily understanding what it means. To help fill this gap, Google has partnered with the Sunlight Foundation in its Design for America contest to make government data more comprehensible to the public. You can learn more and get started on the contest homepage. There¡¯s room for all kinds of folks to participate, and we can¡¯t think of a more fun way to keep the spirit of Sunshine Week going.""Students excavate a kiln at Cheung Ek, Cambodia. Photo courtesy of Phon Kaseka Cheung Ek is infamous for being the site of a Khmer Rouge killing field¡ªsome 20,000 Cambodians were murdered here between 1975 and 1979. Yet Cheung Ek also has a much older history, and today a team of archaeologists led by Phon Kaseka of the Royal Academy of Cambodia is investigating what lies beneath this once horrifying landscape. The team has found that Cheung Ek was settled around 300 B.C. and played an important part in the emergence of Southeast Asia¡¯s first great economy, the mysterious Indian-influenced civilization known as Funan. Centered in the lower Mekong floodplain, Funan flourished from about the first to the sixth century and eventually gave rise to the well-known kingdom of Angkor, which culminated in the 13th century. According to Kyle Latinis of the University of Cambodia, ¡°Cheung Ek may be one of the pinnacles¡± in a complex of sites. Both Roman and Chinese historical texts record trade voyages to Funan, and archaeologists have uncovered artifacts from Rome, Persia, India, and Greece at the Funan port town of Oc Eo, now located in southern Vietnam. Archaeologists also have investigated another important Funan site, Angkor Borei, in southern Cambodia. Kaseka¡¯s team is just beginning to investigate Cheung Ek, but it has already discovered 61 pottery kilns strung out over a distance of three miles (five kilometers). The kilns have been carbon-dated to between the fifth and seventh centuries, making them the oldest uncovered so far in this part of Southeast Asia. If the kilns were all used around the same time, that would support the idea that Cheung Ek was a major pottery producer¡ªand therefore critical to Funan¡¯s economy. Local potters likely made several kinds of pots, including spouted vessels called kendi, which were used for storing and pouring water, perhaps in ritual ceremonies. Archaeologists can learn a remarkable amount about ancient technology and trade from studying kilns and the waste that can be recovered from them, such as clay debris and pots broken during manufacture. By examining the chemical composition of the clay debris and then testing kendi pots from the same time period that have been recovered at sites across Southeast Asia, the team hopes to determine the extent of Cheung Ek¡¯s trade network. Like many other Funan-period sites, Cheung Ek may have continued to be occupied after the decline of Funan and well into the era of Angkor. A mysterious large, almost perfectly circular earthwork dates from at least the tenth century, and the team is testing several hypotheses as to its design and purpose. Work has yielded stone inscriptions, architecture, brick temple or shrine foundations, and other features characteristic of later periods. Kaseka¡¯s team is eager to continue excavating the site¡¯s kilns, temples, and houses, but it faces difficulties.  Cambodia is recovering from its violent past under Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge, but the recovery process is proving detrimental to the nation¡¯s cultural heritage. Growth has been rapid and often uncontrolled, and the external demand for marketable artifacts has intensified. Urbanization and looting are destroying Cheung Ek's history. ¡°Action needs to be taken now,¡± says Kaseka. As part of a new generation of Cambodian scholars, Kaseka wants any fieldwork plans to include community education, and he wants to find ways to persuade developers and looters not to destroy the site or any others like it. Sections of Cheung Ek have been preserved as a site museum, a memorial to the horrors of the killing fields. Now efforts are being made to preserve the parts of this site that could reveal so much about Cambodia¡¯s distant past.""New rules took effect February in Delaware governing the arbitration of business disputes in the Delaware Court of Chancery. The rules implement amendments to Delaware law, adopted last year, granting the Chancery Court jurisdiction to arbitrate certain business disputes, and compliment rules already in place governing the Court¡¯s mediation of business and technology disputes.Under the new law, the Court of Chancery has jurisdiction to arbitrate ¡°business disputes,¡± which would include most complex corporate and commercial disputes. At least one of the parties must be a business entity, and at least one must be organized under Delaware law or have its principal place of business in Delaware. No party can be a consumer. In a claim exclusively for monetary damages, the amount in controversy must be at least $1 million. All parties must consent to the arbitration.Arbitration in the Court of Chancery can have numerous advantages over litigation or other forms of arbitration, in that it provides prompt and confidential resolution by an experienced and sophisticated arbitrator. The arbitration will be heard by either a judge or master sitting permanently in the Court of Chancery. The petition and all subsequent arbitration proceedings are confidential, and are not included in the Court¡¯s pubic docketing system (unless there is an appeal). A preliminary conference will be held within 10 days of the filing of a petition, with a final hearing taking place within 90 days of the filing.Selection of arbitration in the Delaware Chancery Court may be appropriate for many complex commercial ventures and arrangements among U.S. entities, as well as those involving non-U.S. entities, often presenting the most straightforward, predictable and efficient form of dispute resolution, including for buy-sell arrangements, purchase price adjustments, governance disputes in joint ventures, and a wide variety of similar situations. Litigation, in Delaware and elsewhere, will continue to be a feature of disputes involving public company merger and acquisition transactions and governance matters, and planning for stockholder litigation in particular is a crucial part of transactional and governance preparedness. But serious thought should be given to selecting arbitration in the Delaware Chancery Court as a dispute resolution mechanism for other forms of corporate and commercial disputes, both in transactions and more generally.""Its not particularly hard to lose a messaging war against Republicans. I mean, you aren't working against the kind of sophisticated public relations machine typically reserved for say, a Kardashian. You're not even handling a hot potato. If it weren't for the lucky strike of stumbling into a minority by nominating a candidate who, up close, appeared to be melting, Republicans wouldn't even be able to consider their drumbeat of ""NO!"" much of a message at all. Putting aside the deep irony - Nancy Pelosi and Henry Waxman both filed amicus briefs when Ralph Nader challenged the Constitutionality of the so-called ""Slaughter Rule"" - Democratic leaders immediately fell prey to the only response ""deem""-ing a bill passed can possibly elicit.No. Seriously. WTF (followed, as usual, by ""Tea Party,"" but that's another story for another day).Don't get me wrong. I'd be happy to adopt a ""deem"" and ""pass"" approach to almost anything. Louboutains too expensive? I deem them passed into my closet. Parking too tough? I deem and pass my double parking into legitimacy. Deeming and passing a flurry of ideas would not only ensure that the world bows to my dominion, but would, frankly, make Congress more effective. But call me skeptical that an $800+ billion spending bill should be deemed to have passed just like that. Beyond feeling powerless in the whole matter, I feel like I should have the right to know if my Congressman decided, for example, to have his vote purchased with earmark spending or a lobbyist-sponsored ""fact-finding"" trip to the Caymans.Not to mention, the current bill happens to be unpopular. Which presents a problem. The real solution would be to go back to the drawing board and draft a bill we can all live with, but that involves work - which people get themselves elected to Congress to avoid - and if they spend more than one more week addressing health care as opposed to, say, dramatic job losses, Congress will see its approval rating sink even lower...perhaps to the level of their Kardashian rivals.So faced with a decision - significant work or pass an unpopular bill through a back door method that people don't quite understand - Democrats chose the latter.""If I¡¯m being completely honest, I¡¯d have to say that my quest to cut down on my multitasking has really been in vain. I really just don¡¯t think it¡¯s in my nature to only do one thing at a time. I try, but I get bored or I feel guilty that I should be doing more. My addiction to technology doesn¡¯t help either and neither does that the fact that I¡¯m a workaholic. I mix work with play all the time & play with work. Not to mention trying to fit in family friends in between errands and new projects I start.I came upon this whole goal of reducing multitasking thinking it might cut down on my stress, but I think it¡¯s making me more stressed thinking about all the shit I have to do! Added to the stress factor, I also heard a few reports on NPR about how multitasking can make your brain less effective, but so does a glass of wine and I¡¯m not giving that up!Oh, why can¡¯t I be happy doing less?  I have these notions of mediating and being more in the moment, but both of those things just seem to yet another thing to add to my to-do list.What about you? Am I along in this quest or are you all struggling with the idea of trying to lead a simpler less harried life only to be thwarted by yourself? I am on the search for a virtual intern for Summer 2010.Responsibilities will include:   1. Conducting research for stories.   2. Help me coordinate a variety of projects¡ªwhich will mostly involve contacting artists, scheduling & organizing details.   3. Respond to email!   4. Writing assignmentsÿboth assigned and those based on your own interests.   5. Other stuff that comes up.Workload will be about 8-10 hours a week and there is absolutely no pay, but the glory, oh the gloryÿIf you are interested, email me at jen@indiefixx.com with a brief note about why you are interested in being my intern and a resume as well. Please feel free to pass this on to anyone who may be interested.For a student, I¡¯d be happy to write a letter of recommendation after a successful internship. I¡¯d also be happy to promote projects that the intern may be working on personally.I will collect resumes until May 15th and get back to those who I¡¯d like to interview after that. Please note that this is a virtual internship, so your location does not matter, but you must be super self-motivated.""Nobody knows DIY beauty better than Kayla Fioravanti, Co-founder and Chief Cosmetic Formulator for Essential Wholesale. So if the Visa bill was bigger than you expected or you've just been keeping a keener eye on your pennies, then these tips are just up your alley!Winter Beauty Tips:Potatoes have so many uses!  Slice raw potatoes and put them on your eye lids to reduce puffiness.  Or cure swollen feet with a mashed potato foot soak!  Just purchase a box of dehydrated mashed potatoes and followed the recipe. Once you have your mashed potatoes add lukewarm or cool water to get the temperature to the right level to soak your feet.  The potatoes will retain heat longer than a traditional foot bath and they help reduce swelling and soften skin.  To make it special add essential oils before you put your feet in. Then indulge feet into one of the best soaks you¡¯ll ever experience!   (It¡¯s perfect for making use of those leftoversÿ)  This same concept can be used with Oatmeal.  Oatmeal will be soothing and deeply restorative to dry cracked and painful feet. Exfoliate:  In the winter, the most important thing to do to keep skin remaining healthy is to exfoliate twice per week to remove dead skin cells.  Central heating plays havoc on the sebum our skin normally produces, which makes our skin lose water which should be retained in the lower dermis of the skin.  During the winter months there are thousands of dry skin cells ready to be sloughed off the surface and they become clumped together with oil which forms what appear to be flakes. Don¡¯t be flaky, exfoliate! Exfoliate your facial skin with cr¨¨me based exfoliates with jojoba beads.  You can exfoliate your body with a butter, oil, or cr¨¨me scrub that uses salts or sugars. Hydrotherapy:  For a simple in home hydrotherapy, start out your day with a hot steamy shower and just as you are finishing switch the water to cold for about fifteen seconds. Repeat the process for two minutes. This hydrotherapy technique will revitalize your skin by stimulating the flow of blood through the skin.""For the millions of people in Japan who spend too much time at work to have pets, a social life, or a partner, help is at hand.It started with Tokyo's cat caf¨¦s, where customers can sit around and sip coffee¡ªand also rent a cat, for 10 bucks an hour. With Japan's economy in deep recession, cuddles are clearly in demand; customers ranging from schoolgirls to engineers are flocking to businesses such as Neko no Mise (""Cat Store""). Clients receive a ""menu"" of the felines available for petting; balls of wool and plastic mice are complimentary.The cat caf¨¦s have become so popular that more than 150 businesses have sprung up to offer animals for hire¡ªferrets, turtles, squirrels, monkeys--on an hourly, weekly, or even monthly basis, if you want to bring the critter home. Dogs are predictably popular, but for those with a smaller apartment and budget, beetles are an option.One agency has taken the idea of renting whatever makes your life complete a step further. Hagemashi Tai (""I Want to Cheer Up Limited"") rents out relatives. Whether it's for a wedding or funeral, you can choose the perfect person to accompany you, rather than go solo. The agency also offers a service to single mothers seeking a male role model for their children. The ""father"" will attend school events, take the kid to the park, help with homework. Kikue Shimizu, 37, has a weekly arrangement with just such a rent-a-dad. ""My two boys are growing up without a father figure in their lives,"" she says. ""I need someone who can talk to them about their education, their futures.""To be sure, the tradition of paying someone to be nice to you has a long history in Japan, dating back to the dawn of the geisha. Consequently, there's no stigma attached to the fact that the so-called cousin at your side is clocking up the yen by the hour. "It's always such an encouragement to see other families dealing with SID. My son (6yrs) was diagnosed with SID with speech/language delay when he was 2. We've been in heavy (and expensive) therapy since then. Before kindergarden, when we were seeing very little improvement from the OT, he was also diagnosed with ADHD. As what I felt was a last resort, we chose to try medication (a patch?Daytrana?that administers meds only when on). I was so concerned about how he would be able to function in a classroom setting. For you doctors and researchers out there, I think this is worth noting: My son's speech was pretty bad. Low understanding of language, and an often flipping of phrases?almost as if every sentence was a word scramble with conjunctions rarely used. Within 3 hours of administering his first patch, my son began talking at lightning speed, AND FULLY CORRECT! It was as if a knotted ball of string that once was his words and thoughts had been pulled straight. IT WAS AMAZING ! And he seemed to know that he was speaking correctly. He talked for about 8 hours straight. For the first time, words were coming out the way he meant them. The medication hasn't been a cure-all, but it has enabled him to focus on his work and sit still at school, follow complex instructions from parents and teachers, and helped him with social interaction. I know that's not what some of you want to hear, but I think research needs to be done on how ADHD meds can benefit SID kids.Thank you for all who voted in the poll. Eighty-one percent of you believe I should put ads on the blog. I'm going to wait and see. Reasons are: 1) Ads don't jive with the purpose of the blog I've started this "guerilla" undercover lunch project... and then you guys, my readers, get some weird off-beat Goo*gle ads, which most likely will have nothing to do with what I'm doing here. 2) Donations and transparency I love the idea of making a donation to a farm-to-school initiative and I may just do that on my own time. But if I set up ads, how do I do that? with my real name? and SSN#? And then I'm assuming I get the ad check directly, which then I have to deposit and then turn around and donate. Basically, I can't make it go from blog to organization unless I put a donate button. I haven't done enough research into specific organizations and I don't want it to look like I'm endorsing some over others. So now is not the right time. 3) Lack of time I don't have very much time what with working, family life, and running our home. If running ads even adds just 10 minutes per day of extra work, I honestly don't have that time. I'm already going to bed way later than usual because of the project. I just can't do any more than I'm already doing. I can barely find time to read all of your excellent comments! *** I was thinking that if I decide to go with ads, I could donate the ad revenue to my school when/if I get found out. I think I'm going to get "busted" one day and I'm unsure of what ramifications there would be. But if I could off-set the bad press with a little ad revenue for my school, that could be a nice way to smooth things over. I am a flight att. and waitress and single mom. I work like a dog.I had been hurting for months and then began swelling and having red joints. In April I was diagnosed with RA and the doctor prescribed Humira. I had been taking Voltaren which mad no difference. Anyway, I was worried about the side effect of a lowered immune system. So far, no colds, but I cut my hands at work(paper cuts) and they become angry and swollen, not healing at all. I also experienced complete numbness in both arms and hands the night after my second injection. Has anyone else taken Humira? How is your immunity? My joints and pain are so much better. Only 2 fingers still swollen and red. I have to be able to stand 13-14 hrs about 6 days a week. Please let me know about Humiraÿ.Thanks.It sounds like that is what you have. I have achalasia. I am 26. I had surgery on the 6th of this month. You need to bring up achalasia to your doctors. It is a progressive disease---so yes, unfortunately it has gotten worse with age. They might suggest botox injections since you are a little older than myself but they might also suggest surgery---mine was done through my stomach----opposed to open surgery---I am still recovering but I believe that I will be fine---the only thing is that if you do the surgery do not do the botox treatments---it can cause scar tissue making the surgery more risky than it already is. I had one botox treatment a year ago to alleviate some of the symptoms---but the scar tissue was there and things could have gone very badly. Please heed my advice and call your doctor!I was planning today to write about how Ricki hasn't stolen borekas for a whole week or so. Progress. (GRIN) Real progress. Don't worry- she didn't. But imagine my happy balloon deflating as I saw Ricki extracting my VERY EXPENSIVE camera from her school bag this afternoon. In the morning I had caught a shot of her frying an egg (I'll post it tomorrowhopefully), although by the time I had fetched the camera, the shot was not as good as what I had wanted to photograph. Then I must have left it in sight, and Ricki simply gave herself permission to make off with it, and took some 50 pictures at school today. I am only happy that the camera came back in one pieceÿ.and that she isn't (hopefully) stealing borekas.Got an email yesterday from a friend, with a link to an article about recent changes over at Google. Seems the search giant has yet again tweaked its search functionality. Such news always alarms me, as I teach Internet search and this usually means extra work. This time, though, the change is a small one. According to CBC News, Google is combining its multiple search offerings (web, images, blogs, etc.) into a single "universal search". The change is only evident at Google.com (not the various international flavours of Google) and pretty superficial, from the user's perspective anyway. A few sample images and news search results ¡ª if there are any ¡ª have been rolled into the web search results list. Google also now offers the ability to narrow by related search. The various search types (which were displayed immediately above the search field) are now at the top left of your screen. Additional search types are available through a dropdown instead of a link to a separate page and they are reduced in number. Compare for yourself. Here's Google.com and here's the Canadian variant. I can't quite see the point of this. But oh well. It's not earth-shattering. I'd just like to say that I've really enjoyed reading the comments. Thank you. I love reading your personal stories about school lunches. I also see a lot of opinions about the photos and about food options in your children's schools. And every commenter who tells me to keep going is also appreciated. The best part of the comments is that we are opening a dialogue about school lunches in our country. *** And I've done another email interview. This time with mother nature network : An interview with school lunch blogger Mrs. Q Thanks Robin! *** I think when we look at under-performing schools and we want to change those numbers, we need to question everything. Teachers' skills, abilities, and training are often addressed in the media as a big part of the picture. You know, I attend quality professional development activities through my district every 1-2 months depending on the schedule. That's pretty darn good if you ask me. I always learn something new. But nowhere have I ever seen anyone think about what we offer children for lunch. Let's think about what we give students to ingest. For instance, I personally enjoy eating hot dogs maybe every 4-6 months, mostly in the summer cooked on a grill. Also I eat them when I go to the ballpark as a special treat. But I wonder if we should give a child a hot dog lunch and then ask them to take the ISAT (state test)... *** In 2004 Jamie Oliver launched an effort to improve school lunches in the UK. He started a program called School Dinners and he wrote a manifesto about what he wanted to see happen in the school lunch movement (I love the word "manifesto"). Not all schools accepted his new program, but many did. In 2006-7, the Institute for Social and Economic Research (ISER) at Essex University comes along and decides to study 11-year-old kids who ate the new diet of fresh food for at least 12 months. Results: An independent study shows the performance of 11-year-old pupils eating Oliver's meals improved by up to 8% in science and as much as 6% in English, while absenteeism due to ill-health fell by 15%. The researchers controlled for other variables and compared the results to the schools where the kids did not have access to the fresh food. WOW. That's all I can say. I've been inundated with emails and notes from various Alzheimer's charities and groups about their promotions leading up to World Alzheimer's Day on September 21. We're right around the 2 year anniversary of when my dad was violently taken from the house after trying to kill my mom, and thus he started on the horrible spiral that led to his death 2 months later. I can't bear to read it again, maybe I never will, but if you are interested it starts here. I can't imagine when I will ever be able to look back at the months of September, October and November 2007 without pain. Some days I can't even bear to think about my father. It's usually when I am alone, driving, when it hits me--a song on the radio, passing a store or restaurant he liked, or even a random chain of thoughts that leads me to think my dad was stolen from me and no matter what drugs they come up with now, I can never ever get him back. Then I drive the long way home, until I finish crying. Which is my excuse, I guess, for neglecting this blog. I think about writing, but it stirs everything up, and then I end up in front of my computer crying into my cat's fur. Here are some of the campaigns that have been brought to my attention lately. If I missed yours, let me know!Today the kids and I had lunch at my inlaws house. Sebastian was in a bad mood and kept grunting at anyone who disturbed him while he was eating. In an attempt to get Sebasatian to verbalise his discontent we were encouraging him to say"go away". Sebastian mimicked the words with litle enthusiasm however Marcus on the other hand expressed this phrase with great enthusiam. He was so cute that we couldn't help but giggle and of course this lead to him repeating the words over and over again, causing us to laugh even harder. I knew that I would suffer the consequences of our collective actions and it was only 1 hour later when we were at the video shop and he walked away from me chanting "go away, go away, go away" Oh the joys!!A quick update... 1. My husband's health is much, much better. Despite the surgeon's ominous prediction that there would be no return of pituitary function, he now has almost full function. The endocrine system is doing great, except for a slightly sluggish thyroid. This is a huge answer to prayer, and I am thankful for all of you who prayed for us. 2. Life has been busy. At times it has been both sad and stressful. I wrote, months ago, about "deep waters". While the waters are not quite as deep as they were, and we're not spending as much time in them, they're not exactly shallow yet either. 3. We are part of a wonderful fellowship of believers. I can't begin to describe what a blessing they has been. Did I mention that these people are wonderful? 4. Life has not been all stress and work. We've carved out time for fun and relaxation too, and made some hilarious family memories...and a few are even captured on video. 5. Coffee is good. Still. Always. That is yet again proof that the natural order of the universe is still intact. 6. I saved the best for last: Offspring #3 (aka, "the strapping young man") is ENGAGED!! But it gets even better. He's not just engaged to anyone; he's engaged to a terrific young woman that people can't seem to say enough good things about. We love her! Is that cool or what? I do love Shaun White. I LOVE that he could have ridden down the center of the pipe and still taken gold, and yet, he put forth the ride of his lifeÿand had FUNÿyou nailed itÿhe has fun with what he does. I'm so bad, I don't know anyone's nameÿI just get a kick out of watching them all. I don't love watching hockey, thoughÿbecause my personal belief is that NHL players shouldn't be in the Olympics. I get WHY they opened it up to professional athletesÿbut I don't have to LIKE it. I cheer for our American athletesÿbecause I'm an Americanÿbut I can TOTALLY appreciate the fact the woman's snowboarder from Australia put forth a better ride, and be happy for her. (I just would have been happier if an American woman had won) I also totally admire an athlete like the woman's skeleton rider, who had a horrific injury, and came back and was able to compete at the Olympic level again.Today's menu: rotini, meat sauce, green beans, cherry-flavored icee, breadstick, butter, milk. I enjoyed this meal. The pasta and meat sauce weren't bad and I appreciated the variety of rotini (versus spaghetti). I guess the green beans had some kind of butter sauce. I didn't taste a sauce but there was a little buttery residue on the bottom of the paper package. The icee was very sweet. I sucked down a few sips and then stopped. I talked to a couple students about the meal. They said they liked it. I asked if they ate everything and one didn't eat the green beans. Both didn't eat the breadsticks because they were "too busy talking" and ran out of time. In other news I have definitely determined I'm lactose-intolerant this weekend when I ate some ice cream. So I'm no longer going to take a milk when I purchase lunch. I could try and take "lactaid" with me to work, but it's a lot of fuss so I think it's just best if I avoid all milk. Exploring Rheumatoid Arthritis & Pregnancy I'm a 29 year old nearly-newlywed ? and I have rheumatoid arthritis. I was diagnosed just over a year ago, only a few short months after my wedding. It's been a bumpy road over the last year, but I am finally at a point where my health is in fairly good shape and I am essentially in remission (meaning I have limited swelling, pain and fatigue). But, that remission comes at a cost. That being some serious medications.To balance out the disappointing preschool stuff, I should mention that both boys are making unprecedented progress at home and ABA. Yesterday the ABA therapists said that they'd tried G. on matching words to pictures, and he seemed to get it. He won't do picture-matching tasks-- we think he just doesn't see the point. They also started working on writing letters. When they originally tried to get him to trace letters, he got very upset, I guess because it was messing up a perfectly good letter. But writing his own letter isn't so upsetting, or so we hope! B. is singing up a storm. He is stuck on the line "the mommies on the bus go "shush, shush, shush", for whatever reason (??), and he also keeps repeating "I like to eat, eat, eat apples and bananas". Either one of those things would have seemed impossible a few months ago. And with some encouragement, he'll point to the sentence strips I have around the kitchen and mutter, "Wan nuk (milk), peezh" or "Wanna cookie". That is really, really amazing for me to hear.Interleague baseball was first proposed in the 1930s. It took some 60 years for the first game to be played. What took so long? The answer lies in the traditionalist heart. The first Interleague game was in 1997, and was the brainchild of the owners to boost attendance and revenue. And although it gives us fans an opportunity to see players we wouldn't normally get to see, I'm going to go on record as saying I don't love Interleague games. Maybe I'm not a fan because I'm bitter that the American League dominates. Last year, the AL enjoyed a combined 149-103 edge. Boo! Or maybe I feel it takes away from the uniqueness of the All-Star Game or, more importantly, the drama of the World Series. Or maybe it is just a combination of all of it. I was reading Mark Newman's article on MLB.com today and learned that Interleague attendance just keeps growing. Mark states, "Total Interleague attendance has risen every year from 2002-08, going from 7,741,496 over 249 dates in 2002 to a little shy of one full ballpark under 9 million in 2008." Also in this article, Bud Selig is quoted as saying, "As long as I'm here, we will have Interleague Play. I love it." (Hmmm. My other least favorite thing in baseball -- home field advantage in the World Series based on the All-Star Game winner -- was introduced by Selig, too. Hmmm. But I digress.) Baseball attendance is down four percent this year, in my opinion, due to the economy. Baseball officials disagree, claiming that attendance is down due to the fact that the new Yankee Stadium and Citi Field each have 15,000 fewer seats. Whatever the reason, it will be interesting to see if the attendance for the scheduled Interleague games this season continues, on trend, to grow, or if Interleague attendance also declines. If regular season Interleague baseball is here to stay, there is something that has been proposed numerous times before by players, sports journalists and fans that I really think would make Interleague games more interesting. Play by the visiting team's league rules. For instance, if you are playing in a National League park against an American League team, use the designated hitter rule so that fans who don't normally get to see the other league's style of ball in their stadium get to see it first-hand. Just an idea. What are your thoughts on Interleague Play? Peace, Love, And Baseball, Alyssa OK, time to remind oneself I support the Hollywood writers' strike. (Grumble.) I do, I really do. (Grumble.) I'm not a huge TV watcher, but I'm really starting to miss this season's hot new drama ¡ª and my newest fave ¡ª Cane. The show is about the trials and tribulations of a rich and powerful Cuban-American family, and I was hooked from the very first episode. New episodes of Cane have been noticeably absent, along with those of most other intelligent, well-written shows, for several weeks now. In their place: reality shows, tired re-runs, third-rate movies, and other drivel. Surely viewers are revolting. I'm surprised there haven't been riots in the streets. With two fizzled awards shows and pending Oscar disaster, Hollywood screenwriters are demonstrating the strength inherent in being able to collectively withdraw labour. This dispute is about the same issues that continue to concern Canadian writers. Movies and television make billions of dollars for producers and investors, and secondary digital uses such as DVDs and Internet downloads add to the windfall. Writers want the right to share in the profits generated by material they have created ¡ª a not unreasonable position. Industry executives aren't budging and negotations broke down in December. The strike's economic costs, both direct and trickle-down, are skyrocketing daily. With the Oscars pending, pressure is surely mounting for all parties to kickstart the stalled bargaining process. They writers will win this thing. They have to. As his body weakened, it was as if Mark grew even stronger. The last few times I visited him, I felt as if I were standing on holy ground. Jesus shown that brightly through Mark. It sounds cliche...but it was true. One local news story reported that Mark Riddering "lost his battle with Lou Gehrig's disease". That doesn't seem accurate. From what I know, and what I've heard from his family and friends, Mark finished the race, the long tiring marathon of the last 15 years, and he finished it well. He fought the good fight. He kept the faith. He persevered to the end. The prize is now his. He didn't lose; he won. Tomorrow I have the awesome yet sad privilege of attending the funeral of a true hero of the faith. Mark Riddering has left behind an awesome legacy. I cannot help but think that Jesus greeted him with the words, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." Last spring, Noah (Ethan's pistol of a little brother) wanted to do karaoke at are local amusement park. We said that he'd have to learn a song, practice, and then he could do it. To our surprise, Ethan told us that he wanted to do it too. Ethan loves to sing and watch American Idol, but I was surprised that he wanted to go up on stage and perform. He's done plays at school and always learns his lines/songs, but it was hard to get a read from him as to whether or not he enjoyed the process. It seemed like he did. He learned a song (David Cook's light on) and they both did a great job. Then last month a school notice went home about the school talent show. Little Noah loves an audience and said that he wanted to do the show. Ethan, once again said that he'd like to be in it too. They formed a trio with their friend Jake, practiced with the whole crowd of kids for 3 weeks, and performed "Just One Person" from Snoopy the musical. It's quite moving to think about Ethan enjoying performing. I always enjoyed performing and I think I'd have a hard time explaining why I liked it so. I liked the process. I liked having audience reaction. I wonder what it is? But in any case both my boys enjoy it too. I'll also admit, I'm quite emotionally moved that my little boy who wouldn't turn his head at his name, who didn't call me 'mommy' until 4 1/2 years old, and who seems to spend so much of his time in his own little world enjoys performing and did a wonderful job at the school talent show. I'm so proud of both of them.How would you describe time? Does it fly by too fast or stand still? Do you know ¡°where the time went?¡± It's hard to believe we're already a decade into the 21st century! Ten years ago, we had concerns about Y2K and how it would wreak havoc on the world. Now we're dropping the double zero's as we head into the year, ¡°twenty-ten.¡± Like it or not, the clock continues to tick, ringing in a new year every 365 days. Do any of you have January birthdays? I do. In addition to celebrating a new year, in the coming days, I'll be adding another year to my life. That's a good thing, I guess. It's a whole lot better than the alternative! With the passage of another year, many of us reflect on the years gone by and the milestones of our lives. We often revisit the days of our past and wonder how we made it this far. Or, we relive an occasion that brought joy to our hearts, causing us to smile once again.Grrrrrr Those Numbers Are Frustrating!! Try as I might, I don't seem to be able to consistently keep my blood glucose level where it's supposed to be. Oh, there are always times when I know exactly what I splurged on that shot it up, and I can accept that as a rare occurrence. It's when I think I've eaten a really good diabetic meal and still have a high reading that is so frustrating. Hubby thought maybe my testing equipment was just registering high, after we read an article stating that home testing equipment can give results as much as 20% in error. So, just to see what would happen I double tested for several days last week, using the same blood drop with two different testing kits. Sometimes the second one would be lower, and sometimes it would be higher. But both kits consistently showed me too high when it went over the limit my doctor set for me. So I can't blame it on the 20% inaccuracy findings. I seem to be particularly susceptible to a glucose rise if I eat most whole wheat breads, something I thought I could have in moderation. So it's a small piece of sour dough bread with lunch and occasionally a few whole wheat Melba toast pieces with dinner. And I can only manage a very small amount of fruit, which seems to work better if I eat it first. I guess it gets mixed in with the rest of the meal that way and doesn't have a chance to make a big spike of sugar. So, in effect, I eat my dessert first now. So I continue to learn what my body will tolerate and what it will not, and we both read everything we can get our hands on that might help me beat this disease as quickly and completely as possible.As I've mentioned in a number of my posts, my ADD spouse and I separated several years ago because I just couldn't take dealing with his ADD issues any more. Even though he had been on medication and in counseling for 10 years, there were still many problems, especially in the area of communication. As our marriage disintegrated, the communications got worse. So when we decided we wanted to try to salvage our marriage, my husband's counselor (who also knew me from some joint counseling sessions we had done) suggested that we should try a different approach to communication. Instead of discussing things at any old time, and getting into communications problems constantly, he proposed that we have several formal meetings each week where we would talk about problems and conflicts, matters that might require negotiation, plans, and status -- just like in a business meeting. The rest of the time outside the meetings we would only converse on pleasant topics -- like social chit-chat, or anything else we both enjoyed, unless it was something exceptionally urgent (like, "the house is on fire"). The intent was to create a context for my husband to be able to focus his attention on the items we needed to discuss, while freeing him the rest of the time from having to try to pay attention when his mind was already engaged with something else. With some reservations on both sides, we began scheduling meetings and trying to work within this framework. I found it frustrating to "hold off" talking about matters that arose that were important to me, until our meeting -- when I see a problem, I want to tackle it NOW! -- and my husband initially had trouble with being prepared for the meetings, but we adjusted after a couple of months. Business meetings are usually set for definite periods of time, and we quickly learned that we needed to do the same -- at first, my husband could only maintain focus for an hour at best. Often that meant that topics got deferred to a later meeting, which was very frustrating for me. But as we became more practiced, he was able to increase his focus time, so this problem eventually went away. Normally, people don't yell at each other in a business meeting, it's unprofessional -- at first we didn't implement this concept in our meetings, and we ended up with some meetings being just one concentrated yelling spree. Since my husband can't think at all when he gets upset, our discussions were going nowhere, so we adopted this business policy as well. This was very difficult for me to implement, since I'm an impatient angry sort of person by nature, but it was well worth it since the reduction of the emotional tension made it much more possible for my husband to apply his mind to the subjects at hand. Other problems arose: my husband took few notes, and so some of things we'd talk about never got "on his radar screen" for follow-up; when he took notes, they were often so vague that he'd misinterpret them later on and then we'd be at odds about what had been discussed; and worst, he'd forget the date/time and not show up, or show up late (even though we created a regular schedule!!). These were serious roadblocks, and it took some pretty hard work to deal with them. To help my husband take better notes, we'd compare notes at the end of each discussion, or at the end of the meeting, to make sure we had both captured the same information -- he would read back his notes, and I'd identify any discrepancies with mine, and then we would mutually resolve the discrepancies. In the process of making sure we were "on the same page", we'd also be able to ensure that his notes were more detailed and less vague. As far as the lateness/forgetting problem went, we agreed to implement a rule that if he failed to renegotiate a meeting date/time ahead of time, and was late or a no-show, that the meeting would be rescheduled at *my* convenience (but I had to be fair and not just schedule a bad time for him as "pay-back"). There were other policies we found useful to implement, through trial and error. Since it wasn't certain there would be enough time to cover everything, we decided to cover "logistical" topics first (e.g., who has what appointments coming up this week, who is picking up the dry cleaning when, etc.), then topics where some decision was necessary, project status, and such, and finally more nebulous topics that involve some negotiation or conflict or exploration. Before we instituted the meetings, my husband often felt that I was always the one driving the discussions, so to avoid that we developed a policy that we would address his agenda before mine (not necessarily his entire agenda -- but his logistics before mine, his project status before mine, etc.) When my husband would agree to take on some task in our meetings, he'd make notes about it but wouldn't necessarily set a particular target date -- and without a target date, he would have no reminder alarm in his PDA or anywhere else, so it often wouldn't get done -- so now we set up a target date in the meeting as well. When I would ask for status on some item that he was supposed to be working on, he'd sometimes have a hard time remembering what he was supposed to have been doing, and it slowed down our meetings a lot to go over it -- so now he does a brief review of his notes of the previous meeting before we start each new one. We fiddled with the frequency of our meetings at times, but generally have found that three times a week works best for us. We both sometimes relapse into bad old habits, but we now have the mechanisms in place to correct those problems when they occur. Once we ironed out these wrinkles (after about six months), we found that the meetings not only accomplished their intended purposes of providing a structured context for discussion and negotiation plus better interactions outside the meetings, but they some pleasant unexpected results as well. My husband has become much better at follow-through, because he knows there will be a status check in an upcoming meeting, and this has reduced my need to nag. I've learned how to address conflicts without yelling (well, most of the time). We have a much more structured dynamic for communications, which leads to fewer misunderstandings. My husband's note-taking has improved so greatly that we rarely need to do re-caps anymore, which shortens the meetings and again contributes to better follow-through. And the meetings as we have set them up provide a method for coming back to unresolved problems, with the chance to review the notes and reflect during the intervening time -- this has been an important element in reaching an accord on many of the more fundamental complex problems surrounding ADD behaviors. I've resisted the urge to end with a bullet-list summary of "rules" for setting up such meetings: this kind of setup should not be a straight-jacket, and I think that each couple has different problems and therefore needs for different rules which only they can discover as they work through this kind of process themselves. I think the only real rule is the original intent -- to create a context for focused attention on interpersonal matters, and to exclude those discussions from the rest of your interactions. This isn't a perfect system -- it doesn't always work smoothly every time -- but it's a very helpful framework. Suffice it to say that these meetings were a key component in ending our separation -- I really don't know if we could have resolved our communications problems without them -- and we have found them so helpful, we are still holding them more than four years later! They can definitely be a powerful tool in the ADD-coping toolbox.School lunch costs me $3.00 per day. I don't carry cash. The cash part of this "experiment" has been pretty challenging. I do carry bills, but they are usually twenties and disappear quickly. Open your wallet. Do you have three singles? Would you be able to acquire single dollar bills for every lunch this week? It's been oddly difficult for me. The lunch ladies don't make change. I have shown up with a $5 and they give me a look like I think they are some kind of shiny ATM. Grudgingly they find the money, but I often have to wait for it. So since starting this project, I have had to be creative with my money. I've borrowed money from my husband (indefinite loan). I've stopped at businesses and bought random things just for the change. One day I stopped at Star*bucks before work and bought a drink. I never do this by the way. I asked the barista, "Can I have change in dollars?" He asked me, "You need it for the tolls?" I stammered with a smile, "Yeah, basically." I'm sure he knew I was lying, but I didn't want to get stuck in a long discussion not to mention my concern about my anonymity (there might be other teachers waiting for their cappuccinos). I mean, what do people need singles for? The only thing I can think of is going to a strip club. Mr. Barista was left wondering what I was up to. I certainly look like an exhausted working mother -- not the kind of gal gearing up to go to Chip*n*Dale's. Today's menu: meatloaf, bread, fruit cup, mystery greens (!), milk To qualify for the label "meatloaf" I think meat should be baked in a loaf pan and then sliced. So given that definition, it is obvious that what I ate today is not meatloaf, but instead a meat patty. And I was so thrilled to see what I assumed to be spinach!! I was floored. But then when I took a bite they were so very bitter. After work I chatted with my mom about it and she thinks they are collard greens. Frankly, it looks like spinach. But I'm not sure it was. All I can say is that this was the first time I could not finish my veggies during this experiment. I had three bites of the most bitter greens I have ever tasted. Can someone enlighten me as to what I ate? So basically I ate the meat and the bread for lunch. Additionally, yesterday's "day-glo" cornbread muffin was normal colored in real life. There are flourescent lights in school and I also use a cell phone camera so I guess that made it look funny. The picture didn't look very distorted to me though. Wow, what a weekend!!! Let me start off by saying that we will NEVER fly using Southwest Airlines ever again! All 17 of us flew out of Islip Airport in Long Island on Thursdays and arrived in Chicago at Midway Airport. My sister in law, Eileen, and her husband's 2 suitcases, missing and NEVER arrived for the whole weekend. They had to go out and buy clothes for the wedding (which they were reimbursed for) and then yesterday, lets see.... finding out that one of Eileen's bags had been found in Florida, my other sister in law, Kerry's boyfriend's luggage not arriving with his flight, my brother in law, Christopher (THE GROOM'S) luggage not making it to their honeymoon destination and to top it off, they lost Joey's carseat!!! Keep in mind, on the way home, there was 3 different flights and on each flight, someone lost luggage. And I wouldn't have been so mad about our's, but come on, a car seat?! Thankfully, they had loaner carseats so we were able to go home and also thankfully, Joey's carseat was found by the time my in-laws flew in last night so they were able to bring his carseat home with them and Southwest Airlines is going to pay to have the loaner carseat FedEx'ed back to them.One day last week I wore a pair of pants to work that I bought for $5 (online and on sale). I love to get a bargain when I shop for clothes. I know full well that I'll probably get a year out of them and that'll be it. It has taken me most of my life to realize that there are things that you buy on sale and things that you spend more on. Over the past year I took stock of my shoes and realized that I had bought too many "for the right price" and too few for their quality. When I analyzed how many pairs I actually wore and why, I figured out that my favorite pairs are high quality shoes I spent a lot of money on. So I threw out all the pairs that don't fit right or my foot jiggles in or the ones that rub my ankle raw if I don't wear them with socks (inevitably I forget that fact and wear them to work without socks). I spend the whole day on my feet so quality shoes are a priority. Then I bought myself a couple new pairs that cost me a lot, but I realize the high cost up front pays off: my back and feet don't hurt! My husband and I are the rare duo that both enjoy food shopping and we buy quality food. We are lucky to be able to splurge on little indulgences and bigger ones sometimes too. For our family, organic options matter. I enjoy cooking (my husband doesn't know how to cook, but he can boil water) and shopping is the natural extension of that experience. We're passing on a love of food to our kid and we make sure to buy the best that we can afford. Why can't we give all children the best possible food we can find while they are at school? Why do they have to get the cheapest stuff? If their health and wellness is truly a priority, then we need to pony up and find a way to feed them as if they matter. Children are not "little adults." They are learning and growing every day (I'm only growing out not up). There are some things you spend extra money on and that would be this nation's kids. Like I said in a previous post, there will be some gaps in school lunch consumption in February. So instead of my usual lunch post, I'm sharing a photo I took of a vending machine that I saw at a different school. When I walked by the vending machine, I was taken aback. It was visually shocking. What you see are lots of pop*tarts on the bottom, rice*krispie*treats on the top, and some generic peanut butter cracker/cookie sandwiches. I felt obligated to take a picture of the vending machine because it startled me. I did it as discreetly as I could and I tried to keep moving so I don't know how much the items cost. I should also say that there was another vending machine nearby that held the usual assortment of chips, chocolate, and candy. Many schools have given up vending machines due to the belief that they are making children obese. I think there are many kids who eat unhealthy foods right after school. If you have a vending machine snack that has upwards of 200 calories every single day after school, you will start to gain weight. I was trying to find more articles about vending machines in the schools. What I did find were some companies that are trying to develop healthy vending machines. I personally like this idea a lot. What do you think? Is there such a thing as a "healthy" vending machine? Here are a couple companies that I located online: Today's menu: Rib-a-cue, whole wheat bun, corn, apple, (milk). So the "rib-a-cue" looks bad, but when I opened the package, it smelled terrific and it actually tasted really good. Today I was offered a choice (!!) of the rib-a-cue or lasagna. I didn't see the lasagna sitting out so I decided on the rib-a-cue, which was sitting in a big stack for the kids to take. I'm starting to become friends with the lunch room personnel. I was always nice to them before but we're definitely establishing a relationship! Someone commented that I'm eating lunch everyday.... if they only knew the whole story! Yesterday Mr Man was "not fine". He was very ill in fact. He was banging his head on his pillow in an effort to get the voices to stop. He didn't even hear me talking to him and seemed unaware of my presence until I put my arm around him. He told me he had to get on with his "work" again, and he had to mark himself with his number - 4064. I was worried that he was going to carve it into his arm with a knife or something. Later he got out "the folder". The folder has paper in it, and that is where he writes his "codes" and things like that - "work" that the voices have given him to do. He hasn't got the folder out since 2004. I couldn't believe his symptoms had deteriorated so much in such a short space of time, but I knew what the trigger was - we were supposed to be going out that evening to commemorate the death of Christ, and he was very anxious about it. Needless to say, we didn't go. Mr Man is still unwell today, but much better than yesterday, and typically he doesn't remember much of yesterday. I say "typically" because it is quite common for Mr Man to be unable to remember periods when he has been acutely ill. He's been a little unwell for a while now though. Just a couple of weeks ago he spoke to his Occupational Therapist about how he was feeling. She was concerned enough to start visiting him every couple of days, and she even gave him her mobile phone number in case of a crisis, but he didn't want to talk to me about how he was feeling. I didn't mind; I understood that he doesn't like me to worry about him, and to be honest I was just glad that he was talking to someone instead of keeping it all to himself.I have not intentionally given up blogging. We are simply at a point where living our lives is taking up all of our energy. There is progress going on, and there is also a lot of poop, peanut butter, toothpaste, urine and other stuff to clean up. We are having lots of fun in general, but it's a very energetic type of fun! Lots of chasing boys across soccer fields, through Target, and so forth. I always wondered what would happen when they got too big for strollers and shopping carts and now I know. I like to think my cardio vascular health must be getting great. Hope to return to blogging before too long. Hi Kristyn! I thought this was a really well done blog on sensory integration dysfunction. I will pass it on to others. I found out last year that my son is very sensory seeking. I had never heard of sensory integration concerns before my son started exhibiting signs of this dysfunction, and it was a very confusing time for me. I wish I had gone on-line and connected with others! Currently, I am trying to raise awareness about SPD through our book I Can Be: A Child's Whimsical Introduction to Yoga. I have been practicing this book with my son since he was a baby and little did I know that it was a great tool for his sensory concerns. A percentage of our proceeds goes to a local nonprofit dedicated to preventing developmental delays through education. If you get a moment, we also have a blog, our website is www.qandjbirdpress.com. I look forward to reading more of your blogs.Our special children, these bright and creative ADHD children, can be such a challenge to parent. We watch them bounce around in our neuro-typical world, stumbling and falling more than their peers. We want to fix it and make it all better, as though ADHD is just a boo-boo, but it's not and we can't. At some point, we come to accept that it can't be changed. We even come to accept ADHD into our lives and our families and focus on the gifts despite ADHD. We focus on our children's talents and their accomplishments and love them unconditionally. But we worry about their futures too, the time when they are no longer under our wing and must learn to soar on their own. My son often gives me glimpses of his future and lets me know he's going to be okay. Not just okay, but great even. Quite often these glimpses are hidden in the most brief moments of peace and joy. These times when I am observing him and I am not worried but content and joyful. When he creates something unique, says something insightful, or achieves something so easy for his peers, I can peek into his future and be satisfied. That little moment when I realize I am at peace with ADHD.I wondered whether you may be able to offer some advice. I'm an Occupational Therapist working for the NHS in Sheffield;UK. A group of professionals have started to plan an ADHD group for Adults and we are generally involved in developing a service for this client group (very little support available currently). We are struggling to find information / research / examples of groups which we can learn from. We have a number of ideas including using psychosocial and behavioural interventions and have flirted with the idea of incorporating a sensory integration approach. However we are concerned about the little evidence on sensory integration and ADHD. My question to you is this: Can you point me in the direction of any evidence / journal name or particular paper /examples of good practise / contact name / ÿ.etc for Adult support groups and Sensory Integration. If you do ? I'll think yer amazing and tell all my colleagues about how wonderful you are!!! Does this encourage you?!* Anyway thanks for the website ? it's already proved very useful and I look forward to reading the updates, Liz.One of those men was Mark Riddering. We barely knew him when he helped us move, but that didn't stop him from eagerly volunteering to help. As we got to know him...well, I have to admit that he sometimes made me feel like I did when I was a little girl and hero-worshiped a heroic policeman. Mark Riddering was a good cop. He was a true hero. He was also one of the sweetest, kindest men I've ever met. I loved watching him interact with his kids, loved watching how he looked at them, how he played with them, how he so obviously cherished them and his wife. He enjoyed life...enjoyed his family...enjoyed his many, many friends. I don't think I'll ever forget his smile or his laugh. We knew Mark during the time when he began noticing troubling symptoms, and when he received the diagnosis of ALS. He was an important part of the weekly Bible study that first met in his home and later in ours. We all watched him walk through this time of uncertainty. If he felt sorry for himself, we never knew it --- his concern was always for his family...and that he would be found faithful in God's eyes. Over the months and years, we watched his big strong body deteriorate. Never once did we hear him complain. Instead, we still heard him laugh and still enjoyed his smiles, his loving concern for our family, and his sense of humor. He encouraged others over and over again. Showing Improvement Well, I've been on the antibiotics and other meds that my Gastro put me on for over a week now, and I'm beginning to see progress. I still have problems with my tummy, but the constant feeling of nausea is gone ... and good riddance! We wrapped all the presents and filled the stockings last night, so we're all ready to enjoy the next few days with our family. We'll all be together this Christmas, and that always makes it extra special. Some years we have to share our daughter with her in-laws, which is only fair, but I'm glad she and her hubby will be celebrating with us this year. We've had a particularly rewarding Christmas this year already, helping a large number of families find replacements for lost or bedraggled lovies for Santa to put under their Christmas trees! We've received wonderfully excited thank you's from many of them, and each time one was received it just made this Christmas that much more meaningful. It can't be said often enough that it really is more enjoyable to give than to receive!! My hope and prayer is that you have a Christ filled Christmas this year, too!According to my psychiatrist SID is a dysfunction disorder under ADD/ADHD. I found a site about it, after researching why I had such sensativity to smell, sound and touch. The sight calls it Sensory Processing Disorder, instead of SID, now. There are different check list pages to see if you or a loved one might meet the criteria. When I did it, I was amazed. I met almost everything. Its very interesting, I wondered, since I take ADD medication if that could actually make the sensory sensitivity worse. I also have PTSD. But after 9 years of being misdiagnosed, I am happy to be functioning pretty well with the ADD medication. As long as I dont let a rebound effect take over, I metabalize the stuff fast, and that even if it is XR. I can also take a Clonazapam to relieve my oversensitivity at those times. For me the ADD medication, while still activly working in my brain, even makes the SID normal. All of the meds and diagnosis are tricky and time consuming, plus alot of trial and error and if lucky a positive!!I supported it. Frankly, I never thought I'd live to see the day when people would try to redefine the institution of marriage and would then try to impose their ideas on others, even to the point of forcing all couples getting marriage licenses to have to be identified as "Party A" or "Party B", rather than as bride and groom. When suddenly marriage has become about something completely different than what it has always been understood to be...when it is no longer about a bride and groom, but about two "parties"...well, I finally decided enough was enough when it comes to people trying to impose their new definition of marriage on all of society and on our legal system. This social experimentation had gone too far. Some time back, I wrote this: Save Marriage!! Defend Marriage!! I still think that the greatest threats to marriage come from within marriage itself. We are the ones who threaten our own marriages, through all manner of sin, whether it be just plain selfishness and irresponsibility, or lust, adultery, pornography, abuse...the list goes on. I wish more of us were willing to spend our time, money and effort vocally and effectively fighting those very real threats against marriage. But, in the meantime, I helped my son get signs put out. I spoke out where and when I could. And, sometime over the next few weeks, I hope to blog about why this issue is so crucial to me, and why it should be crucial to you as well...and why we need to speak out now. Well, I finally did it! I'm out of the stock sites. As some of you know, I have been experimenting with selling my artwork online through half a dozen stock photography and microstock sites for a couple of years. While they were generating income, the experience has never been ideal. Uploading was time-consuming, especially with so many sites. It was frustrating to have certain sites reject an image for utterly arbitrary reasons, while others accepted the very same image. And I certainly didn't enjoy giving away 50% of my income to these companies for the privilege of hosting my art. I felt none did a good job of marketing or promoting my work. I had already had my own site, Fractallicious, up and running for about a year, functioning primarily as a signpost to direct interested people to the various stock sites and other places, such as CafePress, where they could buy my fractal art. Fractallicious was successful in that regard, but once potential customers landed on one of the stock sites I had sent them to, I became a tiny fish in a huge ocean of competitors. Income trickled in in dribs and drabs. So I set out to be my own stock site. Turns out, I sadly under-estimated the challenge involved in turning a static web site into a full-blown ecommerce application. It's been a long tough slog, with numerous technical difficulties, but we're finally there! The company we chose, Volusion.com, provides a turnkey ecommerce platform, allowing you to create an online store with a powerful database back-end, shopping cart, and merchant account services. The Volusion technology is robust, complex, and highly configurable. Because of this very complexity, it's also far from intuitive and comes with a steep learning curve. The company scores an A+ for the superb quality of their 24/7 technical support. So, starting this week, I have eliminated the middleman! (And, no, this is NOT an April Fool's joke.) I'm partnering with my sister on this endeavour, and we're not only selling gorgeous (if I say so myself) high-quality image downloads, but also certain images printed on a variety of merchandise, CafePress-style. My rainbow designs have been very popular with the gay and lesbian community, and we're starting with three of them printed on 1" buttons, and attractively packaged as a three-pack for gift giving. Drop by Fractallicious.com, and have a look. If you like what you see, please feel free to spread the word! By A Customer My husband was diagnosed with an extremely severe case of colitis then Crohn's disease. All that his doctors were doing were prescribing higher and higher doses of drugs (sulfasalazine, prednisone, etc.) which were making him sick and caused him to drop pounds daily. Then we heard about Elaine Gottschall's book. It has literally been a life saver!!! The author provides both an explanation for the diet and a simple guide of "do eat" and "don't eat" foods in list form. My husband felt like he had his symptoms under control within two days! He was able to stop taking his medications with no complications. At last, no more stomachaches. After two years of being on this diet, my husband has shown remarkable improvement after follow up tests. However, don't expect your doctors to support this diet, they don't want to give up their hold on prescribing expensive prescription drugs! Even more unbelievable, the specialists we've seen are completely ignorant of this book! Incredible. This diet is completely natural and relatively easy to follow, especially considering the alternatives! Buy this book for yourself or for your loved one who suffers from this disease. It can change lives. We cannot thank Elaine Gottschall enough.Most people have heard about the holiday blues, but not many have heard of the holiday flares. For those of us with rheumatoid arthritis this time of year can be the beginning of very painful season. There are many contributing factors to why you may experience a flare during the holidays; bad eating, stress and depression, just to name a few. Your RA symptoms may increase due to these factors and can make what should be a great holiday into a flare to remember. The fact is we can not always control our symptoms, but we can make choices to help avoid the pitfalls of pain. The most important tip that I can give you is to slow down. There are a million things to do and not enough time to do them. So, keep it simple. Your house doesn't have to look like a Christmas museum in order to feel festive!Yesterday was the last day of winter break. Our two boys had some gift certificates to spend at a local book store. When my husband and I saw I Don't Want to Go to School written and illustrated by Stephanie Blake, we had to get it. I didn't read the book first and now regret buying it because it's really too young for us. The hero, Simon, seems to be a kindergartner who is afraid to go to school. The guy we were thinking of is eleven and in the fourth grade. Also, unlike the hero, my guy has autism and his problems with school go way beyond anxiety. (He just doesn't like it, and we're still trying to figure out why.) Anyway, by the end of the story, Simon decides he likes school so much he doesn't want to leave. That is great, but it makes me wish that was the case with my child. He always wants to come home!!! Don't get me wrong. The book is cute. My six year old liked it a lot when I read it to him, though it seemed a bit young even for him, let alone my eleven year old. I also noticed something a bit off about the book. It's a picky point, but Blake depicts Simon writing his name in cursive on one of the pages. This is something a second or third grader might do, but certainly not a kindergartner on his first day at school! Further, there are signs all over the kindergarten room on one page in the book. All the signs written in cursive. I've been in many a kindergarten room and usually all the signs are printed. So, that is another thing my son does not have in common with Simon. He might not ever write in cursive. It's hard enough for him to print his name. C1's team at school and I think his problems with school might have to do with writing. My team and I learned about how to solve writing related problems at START. Hopefully, I'll blog about the topic of hand writing soon. As far as this book goes, it seems most appropriate for young children who are just about to enter primary school (though I like Wemberly Worried, a similar book, by Kevin Henkes a bit better). Blake's pictures are bright and cheerful and the story depicts Simon having a lot of fun at school, but as a mom of older children I wish I had passed on this one for something more age appropriate.That's what he would call himself. When I met him online, he was pastoring a tiny little church in some little Texas town. But he was one of the smartest men I know, with a mind that would never forget anything. The first few things I found out about him is that he loved Jesus, loved his family, loved teaching, had a special place in his heart for mothers and babies, and was hilarously funny. Eventually I found out he had put together a lengthy series of lessons from the Bible dealing with a certain topic in a way that infuriated me, scared me...and then set me free from a lifestyle and church that was sucking my soul -- and the souls of my family -- dry. It sounds trite and corny, but this man changed my life. Sometimes I'd tease him that he ruined my life. I'd say, "Here I was, happily living a life of crushing rules and regulations that I kept failing at, until you came along and ruined my life with all your talk of grace, freedom, and joy." I only met him once in person, but it was one of those unforgettable visits that our family still talks about, over a decade later. He and his wife became "Uncle Mike and Aunt Marilyn" to our family. We fell in love with their adorable baby boy. We spent a lot of time talking and laughing. They felt like long lost family. Just a little bit ago I got the news: "Mike has been promoted to Heaven." I can't help but think that Jesus greeted him with the words, "Well done, my good and faithful servant. Enter now into the joy of your rest." I have been losing chunks of memories. I have been experiencing it much too much lately and so I went to see a psychiatrist who told me that achalasia or my anemia could be part of it. He told me to see my primary care physician and ask him to recommend a neurologist. I am going to do it. I have an appointment to go see my Doc this afternoon. In the meantime I did some research and here is what I found. Read the entire article. Warning: You may need a medical dictionary to decipher some of the article. The following quote is just a very small bit. But it is important to read the whole thing and maybe one of you readers can tell me what you got out of it. Maybe I misunderstood it."The corollary to this is that loss of argyrophilcells may have the same clinical effect as totalneuronal fall-out."At my school the kids get 20 minutes for lunch, which is bell-to-bell time. So lunch time includes waiting in line, getting your items, finding a seat, opening your food packages, EATING, throwing out your trash, and lining up to go back to class. If they don't finish it all, they have to throw it away. Taking food back to the classroom is not allowed. I think kids get about 12-13 minutes to eat maximum if everything goes as planned. If their class is the last to get into line, well, they might have as little as 5 minutes sitting at the table. Well, it just doesn't seem like enough time to eat. It's hard enough for the teachers to grab a bite in 20 minutes. After taking the kids to the cafeteria, getting my meal together (using the microwave), chatting with a teacher, and using the bathroom, I might have about five minutes to eat. Also the food prepared in the school cafeteria is very often meant to be eaten by hand. So that's pretty easy to do in 5-10 minutes. It can't be utensil-friendly fare if you only get a spork. I personally can wolf down food when necessary, but I am an adult. Imagine a little person who maybe eats a little more slowly than an adult. Do they actually eat very much in 5 minutes? I guess my wish is that all kids get 30 minutes to eat. Lunch is about learning too; it's not just filling an empty stomach (and sometimes they don't even have a chance to do that). Lunch is a break for students to chat with their friends in an informal setting. Learn about foods and enjoy eating. When you and your spouse are first exploring whether or not ADHD has been a factor in your marriage it can seem both a relief (finally, a reason that explains so much!) and a bit overwhelming (ADHD seems to be everywhere!) Some with ADHD resist thinking about how much ADHD can impact their relationship because it makes them feel "broken" or lessened. I asked myself the other day - does it matter if you label it ADHD? The answer to that question is yes and no. Knowing about ADHD really helps you find the optimal way to improve your life. But you don't have to "label" it ADHD in your everyday life. Here's an example: For years my husband and I laughed because he is a man who needs to exercise pretty much every day else he can be cranky, unhappy, disconnected and hard to live with (and also doesn't sleep as well). We now realize that this is related to his ADHD and that exercise is one of his forms of "treatment". But does it matter that we now know that it's ADHD related? Not really, as long as he's exercising. It's just HIM and one of the things that is part of him (with an excellent side benefit for me, in that he's in great shape!) What does matter is that you (ADHD or not) get a chance to put your life in order in a way that satisfies you and brings you joy. (Note I say YOU here. No one is obliged to satisfy anyone else.) For those with ADHD who are travelling a journey to find out what brings them joy, the label of ADHD is useful insomuch as when you know you have ADHD, then you also know that using specific tactics that are shown to work for people with ADHD is the fastest/best way to get to your goal - and sometimes the only way, given how ADHD works. I always remind people - don't try harder, try differently - and by that I mean try those things that are known to work for ADHD because they will work better for you than other approaces simply because of the way you are wired. While it once completely controlled my life and my husband's life, ADHD is now almost non-existent in both of our lives and certainly in our marriage. You can't imagine how much better things can/will get for you if you are able to think clearly and non-judgmentally about ADHD and what is already known about dealing with it. (And, for those with a learned fear of failure, having faith that good treatment means you don't have to continue to wonder whether you'll fail at what you try is also helpful...but that's a different post!) ADHD is only a curse if you fight the idea of having it more than you fight to subdue it's symptoms. Once you subdue the symptoms then you can start to understand the great things that it offers you, as well. For some, those things include minds that move quickly and "see" things in unique ways; tenacity (my husband is a good case of this); an ability to love well and forgive quickly (because they live in the moment); almost unending curiosity...the list is very long indeed. There's a reason why the only guy for me has ADHD! Everybody else is just too boring!Today's menu: Pepperoni pizza, milk, baby carrots, multi-grain apple mini-crisps, fruit cup. Our first repeat meal! I strongly dislike the pizza so for me this one was a rough. I got excited by the "mini-crisps" because I thought they might be dehydrated apple slices, but unfortunately they were rice cake-like disks. I liked the baby carrots, but I asked one of my students if he ate them and he told me, "No." The fruit cup was partially frozen. I did attempt to eat it. NOTE: The second picture is a decent shot of the mini rice cakes. Also you can see the pizza in the background. It's got a glassy film on top, which is called cheese. The cheese has separated into two layers, the "saran*wrap" layer and then the under layer. Yum. Disneyland for little D is a mixed bag. He loves the rides but some of it can be a bit overwhelming. From the 6 hour drive to his problems adapting to his new bed, it is a mixed bag for my little one. Overall he had loads of fun though, and we came through another good experience together as a family. If you do decide to try doing this. Here are some tips I think you will find useful (I guess these probably work for any multi-day amusement park outing): * Before you go, think about how your kid is going to sleep. Something that has worked for us is to bring his bedroom fan and the bedding from his bed (his own pillowcase, etc). * Bring his diagnosis with you and stop by Guest Services to get a special needs pass, particularly if your little one has trouble with large crowds of people or standing in lines for a long time. This is a must and boon for the whole family - it makes the park a completely different experience for everyone, and it can help family interactions since it instantly makes him very popular amongst siblings (since he has the pass and can skip lines with his party). * Think about the sensory conditions of the place vis-a-vis your kid. If sensitivity to sound is a problem, lights, proprioceptive input etcetera, and try to match his/her temperament with the conditions of the ride. If your kid has never gone into any rides before, you may want to take him on something that is outdoors and low-key first (this type of ride can also help to relax him afterwards). For example, a favorite ¡°relaxing¡± ride of my son is Heimlich's Chew Chew train on California Adventure, which is the Bugs Life character made into a train and goes outdoors inside a giant collection of food - the odors of the different foods (watermelon, animal crackers) permeate the air as the train goes. * Keep close guard on him if he's a runner. A crowded mega-park is not the place you want to lose track of your kid, particularly if he's nonverbal. Consider using tags or something else with your cell phone on it. If you don't have anything, even black marker on his or her belly (¡°If lost call (999) 999-9999¡±) is better than nothing. * Consider your kids' limited diet. You can bring food into Disneyland. * Find quiet areas of the park as you walk and pick those places to take a break. Take out the food at those times. Also keep track of the nearest bathroom. * Something I noticed and I wished I had done was have lunch in the Tiki Room. Little D loved the room, it relaxes him to watch the birds and hear the music and once even fell asleep inside. You are allowed to eat in there as long as you pick up after yourself, which is great to keep fidgetiness to a minimum. Because there really is no bad seat you can stay outside away from the crowd until the appropriate time comes (you may want to let the attendant know how many are in your party and that you will be doing this) and then just show up. Or if your kid will allow it, enjoy the mini-show in the courtyard. * Take some video, but not too much that you don't interact with your kid. Your kid smiling and his eye contact will be priceless to remember.Well I'm having very little computer time because unfortunately my laptop is acting up and my hubby is still trying to diagnose the problem so we can get it fixed. I have to steal moments on his PC when I can so I may be sparse, we'll see. Now on to the point, Adrian's teacher called me today. She wants me to come meet her at the school tomorrow to talk about how we can help Adrian communicate better at home. I'm assuming she's talking PECS, which we know all about, but I'm hoping and looking forward to any new ideas she has. I NEVER turn down a chance to meet up with the teacher so I wasn't about to say that I didn't need advice! My conversation with Adrian today: Me: Did you have fun at school today? Adrian: (silence) Me: Did you have fun at school today? Did you play outside? Adrian: Outside! Me: Did you go down a slide today? Adrian: Slide! Swings! Me: Oh you went on the swings today? Adrian: Slide! Swings! Recess! Me: Oh you had recess today? Was that fun? Adrian: (Silence) Well it was some what of a conversation, I'm pleased!I went to the doctor today. I have gained one pound in two months. But keep in mind that I'm no angel outside of work. For example, we just had Valentine's Day and I ate a lot some chocolates. I also want to let you know that in December I did have blood taken, I did a sugar fast, and the basic stats were run. At that time I was normal. I did have low HDL (the good cholesterol), but my overall cholesterol is fantastic. Why did I do that? Well, I have awesome insurance that gives healthy adults a yearly discount if I get a physical and basic blood work done (thereby proving my health status). I love the policy because it's common sense. Plus it's a great way to discover a problem before it turns into something. Preventative versus reactive. It's way cheaper to give discounts up front than pay for a major problem five years down the road. When those tests were run, I hadn't even fully come up with the idea of the blog so it's really fortuitous. Whenever this project ends, I'll be able to compare pre- and post-data. That being said I haven't been feeling myself recently. I'm having more stomachaches and that's why I visited the doctor. I'm looking into it and I'll keep you updated. I am a family of people suffering from arthrits. My dad and uncle Tibs' bodies were so disformed it was pitiful. My hands are swollen mostly in cold weather. I am in pain most of my day. I have been told I would sooner or later have to have hip replacement. HIP REPLACEMENT, this is so scary. I my town all we have are quacks that can't be trusted for anything but taking our money. This I know because I have friends who have gone to these doctors. Doctors here think getting old means 'YOU JUST HAVE TO PUT UP WITH IT. I have no way to get to a surgeon that I can trust and you say 'stress' causes more problems with my arthritis. What am I supposed to do. Thanks for the shoulder.Doing Great! I'm really feeling good these days. My stomach is behaving itself, and I'm encouraged by the strength that is returning to my legs. I was able to manage a couple of fairly steep driveways on our yard sale haunts on our Date Day without using the cane. That's quite a victory for me, as I can't remember how many years it's been since that was true. I'm gradually adding back in all the supplements I was taking before my stomach got ulcerated again, and so far there's been no stomach problems. That's a true blessing. I'm also encouraged by my ability to learn about the new programming language that our new sites are written in. It's slow going, but I am gradually understanding how the code is working. I'm very proud of that. I'm still going to sleep most nights at 9:00PM and getting up around 5:00AM, so I'm getting plenty of sleep. I usually only wake up once in the night to make a bathroom trip, so my bladder is behaving, too. I'm getting closer to my goal of losing 50 pounds by April 1. I may not hit the date exactly, but I'm not going to miss it by much. With the lowered rate, and the care hubby takes with his grocery shopping, my blood glucose numbers have been mostly excellent for some time now. Of course, there's the occasional high number, but I usually know what I've eaten to cause it, and learn accordingly. All in all, I'd say I'm in the best physical and mental state I've been in for years, and I hope it continues.Thalassemia is another disease that has the heterozygote advantage. This disease is very similar to sickle-cell and it also prevents malaria in heterozygotes. This disease is caused by a mutation and it causes the body to have fewer red blood cells than normal and less hemoglobin. This disease can be deadly at an early age, but in the case of a heterozygote, it can be left untreated, have blood transfusions needed, or just eating healthy. Sickle-cell is found in people of African ancestry, while thalassemia is mostly in people with Italian, Greek, Middle Eastern, southern Asian and African ancestry.I am always pushing for the reduction of the stigma surrounding mental illness. It may be my error to think that we have made progress. What I infer from this article is that universities have regressed when it comes to social acceptance of mental illness. This is something that began prior to the horrifying Virgina Tech massacre. Read the article to learn the extremes that are being taken against those that are mentally ill. With statistics like one in four Americans diagnosed with a mental illness, the number requires more mental health support. There are too many people that are not seeking the help they need. The response to the health problem the universities are making for anyone, let alone a huge number of the population, are insufficient. There is a quote in this article from a politician, Rep. Garnet Coleman, D-Houston who is open about his mental illness. I can only hope those voices in important places like his, and those of the entertainment industry like Patty Duke and Carrie Fisher, will continue to speak and unveil the misconceptions. I can only hope.G's latest occupation: holding a number placemat and singing first "This Old Man" (one to ten) and then "There were ten in the bed and the little one said, Roll over" (ten back down to one). He has found the ultimate, never-ending song! Our college student who comes in the afternoons is out of town, and my sanity is already a fragile thing. I am plotting to go to every store which has the carts which will hold two or three kids (Target, HEB, Randalls, there must be more). I've been working hard on getting them to walk with me in public, but I still need a "strapping in" option when I've got all three of them. It feels so strange to me that I can't take my kids out by myself. When they were younger and slower-moving, I could, but these days it's just not safe. Everyone tells me this will get easier, and I just have to assume they are right!It's a while since my last post and that's partly because I didn't have a great deal to say and partly because I was busy trying to get my life in order. I now feel as though I'm making some progress. I mentioned previously that I had been medically retired from my job and, at the age of 53, that wasn't really in my plans. Aside from anything else, I've always been a very busy person and I felt as though my days didn't have much of a purpose. I had lunch with my former work colleagues last week and that was my 'leaving do'. It was lovely to see them and they gave me gifts and cards with lots of lovely messages (which made me cry!) but then it finally felt as though that chapter of my life had closed and that I can move on. So, I have applied to the local CAB to do some voluntary work and things have moved really quickly - I have an interview there on Wednesday so fingers crossed! I have also re- started learning Spanish - I began last summer but got distracted and now I'm trying to make up for lost time. it's great because I really feel as though I'm making progress this time around. I am also wanting to take up a new hobby. I used to do lots of cross-stitch but my hands won't allow me to do that any more so I am thinking of trying crochet which is not such fine work. So, we'll see how that goes. All in all I feel much more positive about things.Shaun White is 23 years-old now but only 11 in that clip, same age as my daughter. And ? AND! ? he was born with a heart defect that required two open-heart surgeries before he turned one. Despite that inauspicious beginning, he started snowboarding when he was six, won his second gold medal in these Vancouver Games, and is the acknowledged master of the sport. Ever watch him compete? With the other snowboarders, both his own American teammates and the riders from other countries, there is sometimes a stiffness in their routines, a nervous quality that comes across even on television. Incredible athletes all, and snowboarding tricks in general demand an uncommon kind of bravery and audacity of movement, but Shaun White's fluidity almost makes them look wooden in comparison. When he goes on, he appears to be just playing. His performance is all, ¡°Hey guys, gonna have a little fun here now, k?¡± as he bounces around the halfpipe and, in the tradition of all athletes at the top of their game, makes it look easy.If you lined up all the teachers and staff in my school in a search for who might possibly write a blog like this, I would be one of the last chosen. In my professional life, I don't make waves. I avoid conflict. I'm a "yes" man. I do what I'm told, but I love my job so it's not hard. In my personal life, I'm more opinionated and although I'm a deeply private person, I tell my friends and family exactly how I feel. Few coworkers have crossed over into the actual "real life friend" category. So it's very easy for me to compartmentalize. Before this project happened. Now I'm feeling majorly exposed. I could absolutely lose my job over this. In just the first ten days of school lunches I've gotten a bigger response than I expected. It makes me nervous. Most teachers do feel the same way that I do about the lunches served in the building. So that's reassuring. We've all discussed the lunches and how bad they are in passing. Then we go back to teaching. No one has done much. I'm not a hero, but I am a whistleblower. But instead of calling a "tip line," I've shouted it to thousands of people. Oops. SOOOOOOoooo I almost didn't make it to the gym tonight. My legs hurt with every step I took today; it didn't help that I slept in and got to work late so I had to park way back at the end of the parking lot. In the afternoon I was sitting at my desk and I thought I was having a heart attack because I had chest pains.... then I remembered benching yesterday. By the time I got home I was tired and sore and just a tad bit grumpy. I was making lots of hints that i did not want to go to the gym and I was just waiting for Scott to fold and say lets not go because I didn't want to be the one to say it. Well finally at 8:00 he convinced me to get my fat, lazy butt to get up and go and I was already thanking him for making me go five minutes after we got there. Thanks again Scottie so Hottie! Cardio 10 minutes on the elliptical going alternating between one intense minute at level 13 and and one recovery minute at level 6. Try it.... 10 minutes may sound like a piece of cake but when you do intervals and push during those hard minutes it makes a world of difference! Weights-- Planet Fitness has a 30 minute weight circuit with cardio boxes in between each one. We got a full body weight work out and did all kinds of jumping, lunging, squatting, stepping, hopping, and dipping in between. I was very nasty and sweaty which in my book equals a good work out. I highly recommend trying one of these cicuits if you gym has one or you can make your own my planning a workout routine with cardio in between.So I'm coming out. I am not plus-sized, but any stretch of the imagination. I am one of those women that "mommy bloggers" love to hate: right this moment, at the age of almost 52, I am wearing junior size 5 jeans. This is 12 years after giving birth to the last of my six children. I doubt that any of my three readers will gush, "Now I love you even more!" but I refuse to be ashamed of my size. Not any more. I am a real woman. I think that carrying six children to term and breastfeeding them for over a year each -- and having them thrive on the milk my "inadequate" body produced -- more than qualifies me for real woman status, no matter what curves I may be lacking. I do not apologize for not being plus-sized, nor do I apologize for not even wanting to be plus-sized. Sigh. I know. I'm supposed to be worried that my words might be construed as being "size-ist" and "intolerant", and completely lacking in "fat acceptance". I should instead be an "advocate for plus-sized women". I should drop my head in shame and apologize to people, "I can't help it that I'm thin. Really. I eat twice as much as you, but I can't gain weight no matter how hard I try." But, you know what? That is simply not true. The truth is: I exercise. Not fanatically, not three hours each day, not even consistently as much as I should to maintain the best health (e.g., the recommended 30 minutes of cardiovascular exercise each day plus strength training to maintain muscle mass and healthy bones at my age). Most days, I don't overindulge my appetite. I don't bake as a hobby and don't consume frequent desserts. The type of food I have grown to enjoy the most is relatively low fat and free of rich, creamy sauces. Do women really have more severe arthritis than men? Are we more open or honest when answering questionnaires? Or are we just more likely to complain? Those are the questions raised for me by a research study published in the January issue of Arthritis Research and Therapy (and the many subsequent news articles written this week). It's long been known that more women develop RA than men, in fact, 70% of people with RA are women. Other gender differences have also been noted. Both men and women have relatively equal disease activity (number of joints affected), damage to joint structure and deformities. However, while men generally have a higher incidence of rheumatoid nodules, higher mortality rates, and are more likely to be RF positive; women generally are more likely to have RA, have more severe symptoms, higher erythrocyte sedimentation (ESR) rates and report greater rates of functional disability and work disability. Other studies have found that men are more likely to have periods of remission. Men have also been shown to have higher response rates to biologic drugs; but on the other hand, they also have higher rates of adverse events and serious infections with those drugs.Whew! After hours of frustration, I have succeeded in moving this blog's template over into New Blogger. I did my best to maintain the same look and feel, but there are subtle differences. (You can see the old template by clicking on the thumbnail at left.) And what a learning curve it's been. Hopefully, the results will prove worth it. One of the major benefits of New Blogger (and certainly my primary motivation in upgrading to widgets view) is the new labels/categories feature, evidence of which you can see at right below. Those who have been with me for a while will be familiar with the various not-so-successful code hacks and workarounds I have employed over the years in an effort to give this blog that all-important missing functionality. I posted recently on the changes needed to get the 3-column Minima template that I give away here working properly in New Blogger layout view. That was a piece of cake compared to this blog's template, because of all the customization I had done. New Blogger didn't like my classic template at all, and the easiest approach to feeding New Blogger widget view something it could digest proved to be to rebuild it from scratch. I started with the 3-column Minima template, but you can only get so far dragging widgets around the screen. To get the functionality and look and feel I wanted, I had to delve into New Blogger's XHTML code, which is a whole lot more obtuse and less forgiving than Old Blogger's code. (Tip: all tags must be closed, even IMG tags, or they will generate error messages.) All of my trips to this southern Philippine city had always been for business. My first visit to Cagayan de Oro City, or CDO ,as most Filipinos refer to it, was a decade ago when I was there to hold a training workshop with the local affiliates of the organization where I used to work with. Despite the fact that I had never been to this place during that time, I traveled alone as the advance party; an irony, now that I think about it. With only the moon and the stars to light our way, we stopped by a souvenir shop that glowed through its fire-lit lamp. The waves were our only reminder of our location. We walked along the beach with our bags in tow and rested at a medium-size open-air hut filled with soft lights. The sound of a big lizard kept our senses alert. I finally make it to the gate with only twenty minutes to spare. With so little time, it turns out I could have left my purse, book and bottle of water in the car and saved a lot of hassle. My mother comes off the jetway beaming like a little kid; she is so excited to be here. I grab her wheel chair and begin to push, all the while wondering, how after 358 days of travel I could have been caught by security twice. My, how quickly we do forget.Second-universal health care is not the answer. It's a larger problem. Insurance companies have no incentive to save money to those they insure-the hospital passes the increased cost of the uninsured onto the insured. Hospitals should start incentives to pay in cash. Why should they bill you more if you pay in cash than they do the insurance company? The weather in this part of the globe is once again changing. The slight chill in the air has ebbed away and Philippine summer seems to be entering earlier than expected. It¡¯s not really a sudden shift because in our tropical country, weather conditions could be rainy, normal (dry and warm), and warmer.  Most of the time, the sun would be out. But by last week everything had changed. I received an email from someone named Corie which I was about to delete since I didn't know a Corie and certainly all emails from people we don't know contain virus' right? Then I noticed that after her name came the phrase: Thank You and Package Mailed and the mention of the name Sharon. I backed up my computer to protect all my data before opening the email (not really) and there it was - a reference to my knife. Sharon had given my knife to one of her guests, this woman Corie from New York City, to mail to me upon her arrival back to the US. And sure enough, several days later, the knife arrived at my door step.Third-pharmaceutical companies in the US subsidize the lower cost of research drugs for the rest of the world-especially those countries with universal coverage. US pharmaceutical companies do all the R&D and FDA approval process-other countires are then allowed to buy from the pharmaceutical companies in bulk-increasing their residents savings. Allow pharmecutical companies a percentage cap of profit for US citizens say 10%-thus forcing them to reap their profits from the other countries around the world. Make other countries subsidize their share of the pharmecutical companies. Once they pay their fair share-they may not be so quick to tout the benefits of universal coverage. I'd dare say your not as good with women as you wish you were, you're looking for something that can take you above and beyond 99% of men for free, it's here, you just have to reach out and grab it  Stan, you say you miss him and didn't even know him. Not true. Every day on this site, he shared a piece of himself with you and many others. You knew him well. You are right to be missing your friend.  Lots of things in life don't die but instead evolve or get reinvented. Such is the case with this blog. This has been a great blog to write and we have had many dedicated followers over the past one and one half years. But now it's time to move on from this blog to... another blog. Part of the Spanish army came to the Chapala Valley and surrounding area. They were led by Don Alonso de Avalos who arived in 1531 and set up the province of 'Avalos' which included Tuxpan, Tuzantla, Sayula and Sahuayo. The Spaniards also converted the native peoples to Christianity. Beginning in 1545, a large influx of Spaniards arrived in the area and began to exploit the natural resources of the area. In 1567 the Marquis de Folces turned much of the land into large cattle farms. By the end of the 16th century much of the area was monopolised by the Hacienda de Guaracha. Also-start a secure transmission database for perscriptions-that way people will not be able to forge signatures or visit tons or doctors to abuse perscription drugs. This would also cut down on potentially harmful drug interactions. Or dosage mistakes due to sloppy handwriting. This will also cut down on the malpractice claims.  How I missed that this time around. I miss his voice. And the new season of TV shows has started. 24 one of our favorites, is back with all cylinders firing. Jack Bauer and the gang had a huge two-night season opener, but there it sat on the TIVO. No Leroy to share it with.  Everyone has their first time and they remember it: the anxiousness, the uncertainty, the wariness, but also the excitement at potential new findings, the rush of adrenaline, the majesty with which you are able to fling yourself into the great unknown. After we had our filling meal, we headed to a nearby cave, which had a very large opening. The cave was like a theater stage, large enough to accommodate a house inside. We were told that the cave is now considered biologically dead, brought about by the damage done by treasure hunters and the bright lights of the Survivor shoot. Hai, Sasha here.To me, women was very easier to lose their weigth because everywhere we can saw no men in this world do housework accept forced. women was did the housework and its can be women was very easier to lose thier weigth....Anything you want to commentttt???????  No matter what measuring stick we use, we have all come here and found a place that is our safehouse. We can talk about death, we can talk about treatments, we can laugh, and we certainly know we can cry together.  Finally our dinner was served and we feasted on the local delicacies including grilled fishes. Chatter filled the air with the sound of the sea providing a beautiful background. We met a German woman who was there on her own, embarking on the adventure of solo traveling, and engaged her to talks about the place.  A "lengthening tally of losses." That's how Maureen put it into words in her comments to the blog yesterday. She was reacting to the news of Randy's death. His name has been added to the others who have passed through our community. Some stayed with us in time measured in years, or in Randy's case, measured in weeks. Arriving at noon, we were instantly mesmerized by the rustic garden at its front yard, as well as the sounds of the birds at the mini-aviary. The gravel pathway led us to a an archway of vines and tree branches hanging over the front door of the restaurant, which evoked a mysterious appeal to us. Wood carvings, antique and art pieces, and dolls, caught our roving eyes. For those thinking about long-term travel, this is a great "how to" guide that will help you with the process. For those who prefer to live vicariously through other people's travels, this book is just one more way for you to enjoy yourself. Either way, you should check it out at www.aroundtheworldineasyways.com. Once there, you will discover a blog feature on this site and it is here where I will continue to blog. So come visit my new site and if you have particular ideas of what you would like me to blog about, leave a comment on a blog post or send me an email via Contact the Author. I would love to hear from you.You should absolutely NOT stop eating. This could result in horrible things that are far worse than getting fat. Just try not eating large portions, not buying so much junk food (or if you live with your parents, tell them not to buy much). Maybe try eating on a diet like the acai berry diet, or even just choosing healthy foods. If you eat a lot of smaller meals throughout the day, and eat very slowly, you''ll feel full faster. When you feel the temptation to eat in between a 'meal', drink water. It fills you up, and it''s very good for your body. But please, don't stop eating, you need to eat, your body needs the fats, and sugars for energy. If you stop, your body will start to actually break down your muscles for it's nutrients, and you'll turn into a living skeleton!! :) I hope I helped you, I really do!!!!! Finally, we departed the station and took the nearest freeway. Since I got to see little as the bus entered the freeway I dozed off to sleep. I suddenly woke up in the middle of the trip and found myself staring at a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains. The scenic spot was very serene. I was mesmerized that it was too late when I took out my camera. I tried to read any sign that would tell me the name of the place and found a Vista del Lago signage. Finally, we entered the dining place where a row of Filipino food was set on a table. For less than P400 (less than $10), we availed ourselves of the buffet offering. There was salad, crisp spring rolls, baked clams, beef viand, and chicken viand, among other things. ¡°So, this is California without the skyscrapers and the malls,¡± I thought. We passed cities and towns like Wasco, Corcoran, Hanford, Fresno, Madera, Merced, Denair, Modesto, Stockton, Lodi, Elk Grove, Sacramento, Davis, Antioch-Pittsburg, Martinez, and Richmond until we reached Emeryville, which was one station away from the last one ? Oakland. The train¡¯s passengers were also diverse and I felt safe and grateful I hope someday I¡¯d be able to come back to CDO, for the nth time, and try the white water rafting adventure. Nevertheless, my first time was always memorable. It made me feel at home in CDO.  That time I was there on my first trip, I didn¡¯t worry that I wasn¡¯t able to tour the whole city. I knew in my heart that I would keep coming back to this place after that initial visit. And I would surely visit LimKetKai againÿand explore more restaurantsÿand do the white water raftingÿand shop more. The list is endless. The train ride was smooth. Although there was more room at the second floor, where the dining lounge could be found, I opted to stay in the lower section with Marylou. I later found out that the lower part was reserved for senior citizens and the physically incapable. But there I was with Marylou, and the train conductor checking the tickets didn¡¯t mind me at all, even when she got off at Hanford. A small island was discernible from the distance, our destination for that day. For locals and divers, that was Apo Island, known for its rich underwater life. I have just published a new book about our year long odyssey around the world: Around the World in Easy Ways, A Guide to Planning Long-Term Travel With or Without Your Kids. Running out the door to go pick my mother up at the airport, I grab a book and bottle of water - it could be a long wait. I find this incredibly great parking space and proceed to the ticket counter in order to get a gate pass; this is my mother's first time flying as a blind person and I feel it's best if I meet her at the gate. It's only been six months since I arrived to this airport from our world travels, but somehow, even in that short period of time, they've managed to rearrange everything. I find security and line up in my cue of five - where is everyone? Isn't this the busiest travel time of the year? Why did I leave myself so much time? As the TSA agent scrutinizes my I.D. and gate pass a light bulb goes off in my head, I've got a knife in my purse. I wasn't the one traveling, so why should I have remembered to take it out of my bag? I ask the agent if there is any place to leave it for an hour or so until I come back. His lengthy reply of "No" leaves me walking back to the car to drop it off. I'm not losing this knife after finally getting it back from Easter Island! guys do in fact lose wait faster, guys tend to have a higher metabolism and they are built to be able to gain more muscle than women i mean how many women do you see with an 8-pack let alone a 6-pack? Last stop was the ship wreck. It wasn¡¯t buried deep and could be seen from the surface. Some of us circled the ship and found that the corals have claimed most of the ship. It has become a home to many fishes as well, reminding me of a scene in the animation movie, Shark Tale. The last time I visited CDO, again on a business trip and alone, I took my breakfast in this homey eating place where I also did a little shopping of beautiful household accessories and fashion trinkets. While waiting for my food to be served, I picked out a large native bag and a mat, among other things, paid for it and went back to the adjoining room where my order was invitingly sitting on the table.  The Shrimp Linguine was simply delectable while I sipped the Carrot Citrus shake.  How I loved it! Mrs. Clinton, I work in health care and see many places where we can improve our system and still provide care for everyone. The first line of care should be the primary care physician (PCP). There are not enough doctors going into primary care to provide adequate care. The PCPs we have are overworked and overbooked. I worked as a case manager in the emergency department of a major trauma center and medical school. We cater to many of our non-funded patients, and the number of ED visits would be greatly reduced if PCPs were available to everyone. If people could get a same day or next day visit, or at least be able to contact their PCP by e-mail. I instantly liked the mall. Some of the stores were located outdoors and not everything was housed in a giant air-conditioned building. It was modern with a provincial touch that made the ambiance friendlier than the ones we have in the capital. There was an al fresco area, but I think the mall has developed over the years since the first time I was there. I was glad I had that extra time with my friend because the day after, the workshop participants, including colleagues from our national office, started arriving. One of our hosts brought us for dinner at a steak house. The restaurant was dimly lit and cozy with a Western feel, which, for a moment, made me forget that I was in the Philippines. The dinner was sumptuous and we all had our fill. Women are built for fat storage to be able to survive & care for children during famine. Their essential minimal fat stores are 5x higher than a males. Women were built to accumulate as much fat as possible and to not lose the accumulations for childbirth, milk production & child rearing. Having year around unlimited carbs to create fat are against the natural order. OMG! No! Some nurse at a hospital gave unethical advice to my grandfather who is diabetic to soak his feet in water and bleach to get rid of athletes feet cracked or dry feet. After a month of listening to this retarded nurse the bleach started soaking in the cracks of his feet and cause it to open more. Later he got an infection and now has half of a foot. Bleach is for cleaning and doing laundry only! Please tell me you haven't tried this yet! We wanted to be at the Taj by dawn the next day. This required us to leave all our belongs in the room until we returned to check out. I just knew that upon our return, anything of any value would be gone. The thought wasn't sitting well with me at all. Then I noticed the latch on the outside of the bathroom; ideas began to percolate. I retrieved a pad lock, purchased in Zanzibar, from the bottom of my bag. We placed all four of our suitcases and all four of our backpacks in the bathroom and then placed our pad lock on the outside of the bathroom door. Yes, you're picturing this right. We were locking all our belongings in the bathroom. Even if management had a key to the pad lock of our room, they still wouldn't be able to get into the bathroom. We left at 6:00 AM for the Taj Mahal feeling a little more at ease. Sharon emailed me and told me that she would be coming back to the US in the fall for the birth of her grandchild; she would mail the knife to me at that point. But by this time I had lost all hope. It's not that I lacked faith in Sharon, it's just that I had come to believe that my knife was destined to spend the rest of it's existence on Rapa Nui - not a bad fate if I must say so myself.  What she doesn't know -- until now, because she reads the blog -- is that she has made this winter bearable for me. That early morning frosty air clears the mind. I've been able to put one foot in front of the other and march down the canal path because she has been by my side and listened to my sorrow spill out in rants and tears and Leroy stories and sometimes all three combined into one long walk. Some days, the hurt has just poured out of me.  With the high noon sun above us, it was time to take our sumptuous lunch at a nearby cottage. I took off my shoes and buried my feet beneath the smooth powdery sand. Are you going on a trip to a particular place for the first-time? Will you be setting foot in a foreign and unfamiliar soil? This blog site is created for you. I have been to many places, and the first time I stepped into unfamiliar territory I had to feel my way and rely on what I have on-hand especially when all I had were travel books, maps and print-outs from the web. My friends and I make our own itinerary. It is truly advisable to check out anything about the place before going on a trip. Yet, you need not necessarily hire a travel agent or tour guide to get you around every time you visit a place for the first time. A little help from locals can add spice to your first-time travels. It can give you the freedom to explore the place and enjoy the feeling of not spending much, based on my own travel experiences. You can take my word on some tips and information on the places I visited but feel free to be creative and be adventurous. I may offer some advice here and there but, as they say, ¡°experience is the best teacher¡±. So, read on and find out more about my first-time travel adventures. Sahuayo was affected by the Cristero War of 1926 - 1929. The Cristero War was the most significant relapse to violence and conflict after 1917. It arose from the clergy and traditionalist groups protesting the anti-Catholic policies of the Constitution. The Constitution sought to secularise the country and limit the power of the church. The Constitution prohibited the chucrh from aquiring land, banned monastic orders and church-run schools and forbad any religious activity outside View of the Santuary of Guadalupe of churches (now the property of the government). Malatapay Beach Resort may be far from the city but it is accessible to the national highway. It has a beautiful location with cottages close to the sea facing Apo Island, a strategic spot to serve as a gateway to the tourist-attractive island. They have several cottages that can accommodate a large group (we were 16 all in all when we went there). Once our trip was over, I figured our blog was over too. Not that I really wanted it to end (the trip or the blog); it's just that in my mind, they went hand in hand. Sure, people will check in to see great safari pictures or to hear about our trials and tribulations on the road, but who is going to check the blog now that we are here back in the US living our normal everyday lives. I guess there are a few people out there who might be interested in hearing about our reentry into "real" life, but probably not many. As we entered Farmerbrown, the place was packed so we had to wait to be seated. I scanned the place and I could tell that the dimly lit restaurant was cozy enough. It has a charm that I couldn¡¯t describe much in words. Jazz music filled the air that balanced the chatter, which could be heard by the bar where friends and strangers meet up. Near the tall glass window, families were having a reunion of sort. In the middle and at the other side of the restaurant, the ambiance was a bit subdued, where couples and small groups were enjoying their dinner quietly.And the young people, lots of them, not all sorority types either; young, fresh and still susceptible to the allure of so much manufactured glamour. Ironically they and their indomitable youth add sauce and substance to the myth. They flesh it out and give it life. When I got off at Emeryville, I instantly located the bus bound for San Francisco. In less than an hour we were crossing Bay Bridge, passing over Yerba Buena Island and Treasure Island. Alcatraz and the San Francisco city line came into view. We went around San Francisco in six drop off points before we reached the shopping center. I even enjoyed the mini-tour around downtown, the financial district, and the wharf because I got to see other parts of San Francisco that I hadn¡¯t seen previously. Time passed by so quickly. In a few hours, I was in SFO checking in my luggage. But I was glad that in my short stay in the US, I was able to embark on an Amtrak adventure. It was a long drive and if we weren¡¯t careful, we could have missed the small path at our left which leads to Kusina Salud. It would be convenient to go there by private vehicle because the restaurant was a bit secluded. Besides a couple shots of delicious meals and desserts consumed and neatly arranged market produce encountered during my travels, I rarely take many food photographs, but the next few weeks will find me photographing a variety of raw meats, poultry, and seafood for a new non-travel related client based in Nigeria so I¡¯m pretty excited about this venture.Around me courses humanity, in all it¡¯s incorrigible shapes and forms. I even find people like me, people you¡¯d never expect to see here in the Vegas of my media fed imagination. To my surprise there is no one particular type dominating here. I see one salon tanned bottle blonde in a tight short black skirt holding a cigarette but next to her, not with her, but sharing her milieu, is a French couple, perfectly Parisian in their understated elegance. What was even exciting in our Coral Garden snorkeling activity was we saw a tortoise swimming near us. We had to be careful not to scare it away or we might impose some stress level on this marine animal. We were at the Union Station by 6:30, an hour before the designated schedule. We walked over the counter to show my online reservation. I asked the guy manning the counter if I would have any difficulty with my luggage or if I need to check it in. He took one look at me and my bags (there was a trolley bag, a backpack, and a shoulder bag) and shrugged, ¡°you¡¯ll do just fine.¡± He also explained that there was one leg in my itinerary wherein checking in my luggage wasn¡¯t an option, so it would be best if I would just carry them with me. Anyway, there would be baggage compartments where I could deposit my things. I'd like to see every citizen of the United States guaranteed basic health care at reasonable prices. We claim to be advanced, enlightened, the best country in the world, and yet our citizens often go without medical care because they can't afford it - or can't afford the health insurance. The insurance provided through my job is a flat rate regardless of how many people it covers. I am single, no dependents, and yet my insurance premiums cost the same as a co-worker with a family of five. At one point, between jobs, I tried to get independent insurance coverage and was refused because of my weight. I was within their acceptable weight range (which was only 17 pounds higher than the upper "healthy" limit for my height), but because I had recently lost 30 pounds they refused me and told me to try again in six months, so they could "be sure I'd keep the weight off." I've visited insurance companies as part of my previous job. I've seen the 40 acre professionally landscaped site with walking paths and lakes. I've eaten in the executive lunch rooms and employee cafeterias that served better food than most restaurants I've been to. I've seen the three story fountains in the lobby, and I know one company in particular that as a matter of policy closes its doors at noon on Fridays in the summer. When my premiums go to fund the insurance company's private fitness club, I have a problem. And that's it, remember these 5 key areas and your golden, you'll be miles ahead of 99% of guys out there and finally be able to attract and date that beautiful girl you've been spying on for the past few months. Now don't get me wrong, women don't want you to walk up to them and immediately start acting like a sex crazed maniac, but they do want you to open up SOMETIME. Unfortunately most guys never realize this and assume that if they are friendly for long enough something sexual will *just happen*. The truth is it doesn't *just happen* unless you make it happen (remember women want to be lead). Usually if you've met a woman out clubbing/through friends and have spent over 20 hours with her and you haven't yet kissed, your going to be a friend forever (of course this doesn't apply if you work/study with her). Generally it's best to start flirting with a girl as soon as you're even slightly comfortable around each other (after knowing each others names). This sets the tone of the interaction immediately and lets her know that you are a sexual guy who she could possibly date, not another guy to be placed into the "just friends" category.Should have the gallery up in a few days. Not sure how I¡¯ll photograph Vienna since the last time I was there, every boring angle of statues, buildings, and museums was duly captured on film. Yes, the property was lavish, attention was paid to every single detail, and the staff was extraordinarily warm so trying to pick apart the hotel and keep digging for negatives when there were clearly no significant misses would be an injustice on my part ? personal preferences aside. well,... wt do i say abt this sweet short gal???!!!! she is a very nice girl basically... very understandin.... always has time for others or rather makes time for friends..... big time brain.... n a true friend... doesnt get angry very fast... n ya typical 'tamilian',,... So, I've been asking k for a new ring with my birthstone in it ever since my old one got yucky and gave my ring finger a weird looking wrinkle. He has tried all techniques that husbands employ -- agreeing and then pretending that he forgot, plain dilly-dallying, pretending to focus on blank spot with more intensity, changing the topic to li'l r (This is a good one, I fall for it almost all the time), asking me about myself or my blogs (This one works well too), throwing in random related questions, "Yeah, you think we should check out the rings in the mall?" and then, "What's for dinner?" He is too smart to refuse because he knows the consequences of said refusal but at this point I am weary and annoyed that my delicate ring finger still does not sport a glittering sapphire (or whatever my birth stone is) ring shining with the promised love of our marriage. And so, I tried a different tactic the other night:Once a software engineer, now a full time mom having fun with my two year old:)I believe in making young children learn through play. Just like we sneak veggies in the food, you sneak something on to the head while playing:)So, this blog is a collection of all the activities me and my son do together. Thanks for stopping by and if you do try some of these with your kids, let me know:)hy does this happen? Because, men don't cry or break down. Instead, the more upset they are, the more they frown or the angrier they appear. Now, we all know women are more attractive than most men. And, nobody feels sorry for an angry man. In fact, the angrier he gets, the uglier he looks, the more despicable he appears. What choice does he have really? If he cries, they'll call him sissy. They'll say he's wuss. And it's not really macho. So he does what he has to. Pretend he's got buffalo-skin.Wow. Deep breath. I have so much to tell you, evidently. Today we went for Sunday lunch at the Polo Club, owned by the drummer for The Who, and THEN, Ronnie Wood walked in. (I'll give you a minute. Did you hear crickets? I did.) Ronnie Wood is one of the guitarists for The Rolling Stones and okay, so it wasn't Mick Jagger, but it was still quite exciting. JC's mother pointed him out to us, with his very young girlfriend and do you mind if I segue into a little rant about the English girls I've been seeing with very bare legs and shoulders and how I look at them with horror and envy, half wanting to be them, confident that it isn't really thaaaaaaaaaaaat cold, or be that age again, when vanity took precendence over comfort. "Don't know why I am writing this.. but I feel like writing this...why is that everytime i read a post here, i am relating it with a page in my life? why is that every time, i m reminded of my dad or mom when i read anything out here.. reason- all of us- we go through same phases in life.. emotions are the same! bt the bizziare thing abt this post is tht- i have never had much friends too.. i was, guess all the time, in my own world.. at school- nt many kids used to talk to me- coz i always used to in these music or drama kind of activities.. for some reason other kids found tht to be some kind of strange thing.. i was an alien species among the ""mark/grade hungry"" crowd... it became the opposite while at college! so, i have never had much people whom i could call friends.. ""Can u find a more adakamaana n chamathu girl other than jays in appearance???but remember appearances may b deceptive... ya.. she's a pakka bajari(sry dear!!) n the leader of r NADS gang..jays is 1 of my best n closest fren in coll.. very very very sweeeeeet n loveliest person u can be wit..jays,kir n me bcame the thickest frens right 4rm the start of r coll.. hope tis circle stays on forever and i pray 4 tis.. We hav shared all r sorrows n joys n hav never put a wall betn us..thou there had been times wen v had cried over silly things, v finally end up consolin each other n laugh over r fights.. cuttin classes is one of r favo activity(thou hav got caught many times)... she is an outdoor person,hates to be idle..she's blessed wit a gr8 deal of physical energy..once a target is set she works really hard to achieve it.. too mucha pesitaena??? okie.. jays s the naughtiest gal..but still it only leads others to get attracted towards her.. a cute freak to hang out wit.. she's totally down-to-earth!!!""Hearty Congratulations on your first book!! My kids and I are just waiting to grab a copy of your interesting and colourful story book. I must say that you are blessed with such a supportive and encouraging parents who have carved a niche for themselves in their own fields. I am sure, as a writer, you too will go a long way and contribute many more such wonderful books to avid readers across the globe.God bless you. Hope to see you tomorrow Love,Priya aunty "Priya..She really is like her name...very sweet and "Priy" to all..She is my childhood pal and she has grown from a spoilt brat to a matured and kind hearted babe. I just admire the amount of energy she has in her..and she takes everything in her stride. She can make anybody feel so positive, because she is full of positivity, energy and what a bubbly girl she is!!..Thanks for always being there for me -dear..!!STEFFI-My sweetheart my best friend a person whom i have never met but still feel gotta have some karmic connection with her......I met her in Nagercoil community n we both hit off from day one itself...cos i was her saviour he he he.....jokes apart....never met her just talked wit her on the phone...a very very very sweet cute lovable bubbly girl who enjoys n lives her life to the fullest.....hanging out with friends is her favourite hobby(her photos itself speak)...studies a lot thats y she is now in USA...loves her USA chitthi n .... a lot(u only fill up the ... da he he he)...I shld really thank orkut for giving me such a good friend like steffi who even though miles apart has always been supportive n encouraging...A very lively girl with a constant smile on her face....her scraps n msgs in orkut itself gives me the feeling she is always smiling..she has a heart of gold/silver/diamond dese have prices but ur heart is priceless...contd.... "hi da. . . am very happi dat i spoke wid ya afta a longue tim. . .very longue tim actually. . .felt very happy to hear yar voice. . .really missin ur pranks and jokes boogie. . .boogie. . .its ben months i called ya so. .i donno wetha il get a fren like u in dis place dear. . .but remember one thing dat il be thinkin abt ya always. . .i really really miss u da. . .ud taught me many things. . .made me laugh. . .made me forget ma sorrows. . .none l get a frend like ya. . .wen ever i ve slice i think abt u. . .hope u remember our pranks at pet dhaba. . .u left ur memories in small small things dear. . .but cant take dat ur leaving place. . .i consider mself ver lucky to ve u as ma frend da. . .we started hating java and dhaba withouy ya. . .whereve u go stay in touch da. . .i missss u sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much. . .u alway rock baby. . .none can take ur placeall d best for ur future. . .do visit us weneve u get time. . .love u da. .bye bye,sylvi... ""Jokes apart!! There s an idiom 'being in one's own shoes'. Not many ppl in the world kno wat it really means!! Sumi s one among that very few.(idhuku mela enaku enna solradunu theriyala!!.. Rs.50 ku solla vendiadha solliten!! :P.. idhuve romba over!).. ok.. jus kidding!!..She cooks so well!! Jus like her mom!! .. She ll always be ther when u need some care!!.. (U hv always been ther for me.. no matter how many ever times i scold u , how many ever times we fight!!) As somebody said 'but unga approach enaku romba pudichiruku!!':)..seriously sometimes she thinks a lot abt ppl. She observes and learns a lot abt the ppl around her!!She has been askin me for this testi for such a long time now!! So finally !! Here it s!! ...:):)..."ramz shez my life long sweet heart! infact many r jealous abt our fndship!(every 1 says thiz 2 us both of our fnds)shez lk my sister 2 v both r nly daughters 2 our parents ! i really feel her as my own birth!never til this date v both ve felt lonely !she s the 1 whol b with me in al my hard times!i really love her mom n grandma! really her granda s so childish !i love her family!wat ever happens either 2 me or her next moment wil discuss abt it!not even a sngle thin remains a secret between us!v both r an open book 2 each other!many oldies tried 2 break our fnd ship bt thiz wil never happen in our life time!i still cant 4 get our days in antnys learnin 2 create an id!u rmbr tat? i shud include thiz 2 she helps every 1 thinkin abt after effects later she realises it! another interstin part s tat ien ever i feel dwn i call her up n blabber! finally it sticks 2 her 2 n she 2 wil start blaberin ! v both r store houses 4 each other!i really love thiz gal! may god bless u dear!So many times in life mom had come across groups of individuals who would come and advise her on how to do things. Then another will say whatever she had been doing would be wrong and that she has to start over. At different points in time in life. Now there are people that tell me that I should not be on this blogging/tweeting scene and that there should be more exclusivity. And that a musician needs to maintain the distance. Sometimes I feel that they are right. Considering some comments I get, I wonder why people are so obsessed with obscenities and the related but why should I be subject to all this is their question. Yes it does make sense several times. But if and when I don't blog, it would perhaps be because I have tired of this medium of expression and there would be a proper goodbye. I don't see it happening for now but the thing is, no matter what you do, there will be tons of free advice. And in Oscar Wilde's words "I alwayspass on good advice. It's the only thing to do with it. It is never any use to oneself." "CSI has provided us with bad debt collections since January of 2005.   We are very pleased with the results that CSI has given us. Our accounts are transferred to them electronically, and we receive monthly payments and reports from them.   We have never had a patient complaint about about their treatment from CSI. The only complaints we have found are usually pertaining to billing insurance/co-pay issues. They understand healthcare receivables and we have a most satisfactory relationship with them.I would highly recommend CSI to any healthcare organization."Among all the participants...I saw a cool headed dancer!! No showoffs,very kind and the kindness shows in her moves...very infectious smile and beautiful expressions...All I admire...I Love Dance and Am happy that we can find Jayalakshmi kind of dancers !!! Too Good !!! I mean we wud feel HAPPY to see her dancing !!! Please dont leave dancing at any point of ur life at any cost...This is my kind request...welllll UD as i call him is a cutest pal of mine........ im still puzzled of how v both became frns coz thro some big network i came to know him.. this guy is so obessed with branded stuff......he is affable ,loyal,blah blah..... but this idiot always pulls my leg.......till now v havnt fought for anythin......(touch wood!!!) v have a damn gud chemistry, physics... n al the most unforgettable moment was last but the year before ... on his birthday........v celebrated it at the beach... abt 7 of us.... awesome, kewl, relished moment ... i sometimes shed tears for those cherished moments!!! lots of love!!! miss u so much!!! friends forever!!! dear frns al of u pls ask him y i call him UD.. lol!!!!!!!! The couple decided to get married at court and have a day long party after that. We met Small and Mr Small (who really deserves his own name here, but I can't think of one at the moment, so Mr. Small it is) at one of London's oldest pubs, The Prospect Of Whitby. So old that it even has its own Wikipedia page! Coolness. The pub was delightful, we had the upstairs 'Pepys Room' all to ourselves, a wedding party of about twenty people, foreigners and Indians and it overlooked the Thames. Interestingly, the room we were in was once used for cock fighting and boxing matches, which made me think of Sherlock Holmes , which in turn made me think of Robert Downey Jr with his shirt off. Good times."hehehehhhhuhuhhuuhhahhahahhhaa oh shit! hehhehahahhhahhahahah chuck it! hhohhhohohhahahahahhahaahhah. thts rad for u. my substitute sis in atlanta :) rad is a fun loving devil child who can laugh till her insides explode. thats a good thing though coz the jokes she cracks can seem funny to none but her!! Shes a simbu fan ( i still dunno who that is!!) my tamil tuition teacher and a gal who jes luvvs dressing up. no tuesday or thursday is complete widout us going to raid the klaus kitchens of all the hot chocolate available! must say the hot choc definitely helps stem the flow of her polambal on special prob. shes also my suttufying partner n ive lost count of the number / value of items we've flicked from career fair n the no. of places we've had free pizza (in other depts!!)if u ever stop by her place, she'll neva let u leave wid an empty stomach, if not dinner ull surely get some cold coffee.. she cooks amazing dal.ohh n if u ever wanna spot her in atlanta, luk for the phataak red shoes she wears. :p""How can I change the volume licensing product key on a Windows XP SP1-Based Computer?Because of changes in Windows XP Service Pack 1 (SP1), Windows XP-based computers that use a leaked product key that is known to be available to the general public may not be able to install SP1 or automatically obtain updates from the Windows Update Web site. For an easy and quick method of obtaining your own CD Key please read Quickly Retrieve Windows CD Key.""Firstly, I congratulate you on winning the prestigious Booker prize. It is a remarkable achievement indeed for a young first-time novelist.I started reading ¡°White tiger¡± but was straight away baffled by a work in English that begins, ¡°Neither I nor you speak any English, but there are some things that can only be said in English¡±. Why would a major work in the English language adopt the epistolatory voice of someone who does not know the language and be addressed to someone else who does not know both English and the language spoken by the letter writer, I wondered. But, that is not why I am writing to you. I have read much about how you came to write this book. You have been quoted as saying,¡± So, where's this Shining India everyone's talking about? It was time someone broke the myth,"" and that ¡°The world needed to see the other side of India."" "It makes me uncomfortable when people talk across cubicles in restrooms. I don't know if men do this as well. I know some women at my office who are "restroom buddies". They enter the restrooms chatting away about something and continue their conversations from the stalls as they do their business. No matter that they might not even be in adjacent stalls! For someone caught in the crossfire of this talk, it is totally awkward. Can't they wait until after they've left the restrooms to talk?"ur my honey bunch ,sugar plum, cuppy yuppy pumpkin, ur my sweetie pieur my cuppy cake gumdrops , smikibikimi,the apple of my eyeand i love you so , and i want you to know,that ill always be right here ,and i love to sing this song to you,because you are my baby bear:D "THE CHATTERBOX, i would call her, she keeps talking throughout (interesting though) i spend my entire time in the college bus every morning, listening to music sharing a single earfone.. she is really, friendly, helpful and understanding. she helps u out even before u approach her. a great friend indeed! hmmm.. am one extremely sensitive gal who's over possesive bout my frenz.. i hate solitude.. always need to be pampered n cared for.. 'm one music freak.. i can listen to music continuously 24*7... 'm a srtict vegetarian n cant stand ppl eatin non veg..used to b reserved but now a talkin freak.. tats it bout mi!!!"It is a quiet Friday morning. Sitting by the window in his bedroom, Sankaran watches the street bustling with activity. Men hurrying to work, children walking to school, and women, busy with their daily chores ? some sending off their husbands and children, a few rushing to work themselves, some getting back from the temple. He also sees the old men and women warming up their feet for the day. Even as the world goes on with its life at a hectic pace, Sankaran has very little to do, at least that morning. ""   This is Sandra ;;I have been doing business with Collection Services, Inc. for more than 30 years and they have delivered top quality service to all my clients.   All of our contact with CSI is handled in a very professional manner.  One of the things we enjoy most about using CSI as a collection vendor is that we do not receive consumer complaints about their method of collecting.   CSI is efficient in their collections and they give us outstanding service. We look forward to many more years of using them as a vendor.   I highly recommend CSI for bad debt collection."HMMMMMMMMM........d first thing i would lik 2 say tis guy s sry..fr d delay in writin a testi fr u...i would really lik 2 thank orkut coz i gt  such a swt,carin,charmin frend...wel wt 2 say abt sandy ...very talkitive ....over a ice vaipan so guys b careful.....vry frendly in nature..seriously u cn trust him..i knw dis testi s 2 shrt...(part 2)COMING SOOOOOOOON...tcThat's how r~ says "Happy" when the "Happy Birthday" song plays on TV. When I turned 30, I acted like the typical drama queen -- resisting, reminiscing, wondering how this chunk of my life would turn out. But the big three-oh turned out to be fine mostly and in addition to a little love bundle in my arms, I managed to get a book out there. Check, check (as Monica would say). And now, I am at that crossroads again wondering what this year will bring. A published novel would be nice. It would be reaaallly nice. And then I would be one of those cool moms who could claim that they took care of their baby while working from home on something they were passionate about. But, I am not that mom now. I am just a mom who is turning a year older who is dreaming big dreams while her little one continues to throw delightful little challenges her way and melt her heart with her love (I could talk a lot more about r~ but I'll reserve that for my secret mommy blog ;)"Hi suriya,Really happy to have a frnd like u. Very cool, always smiling, charming girl. I like ur way of talking. u became close with me very soon. I luv u dear ""Steffi is my chweet n darling sis. she is cute , loving n soooo very adorable!...a chatter box who always eats my head. I really miss her now that am not at home!I guess not every person in this world is blessed to have a sister like her. She is some one I look upto! Though she fights with me a lot (in which I win most of de times), she is the bestÿ..very helpful and kind in natureÿhas always helped me with my studies. A mega brain, not nice to have her as a senior in school (with teachers all de time praisingÿblah..blah)ÿThank God I got rid of her now (just joking!!) She is crazy of books and luvs 2 eat junk food all de time. she¡®s got a lovely hair which I am very jealous of! Indeed she is a book worm.She is a pink galÿ.looooooooves pinkÿrite frm her pens n wallets to her ipod, everything is pink! Thank Godÿshe hasn¡¯t seen a pink car yet she is a real kiddoÿshe still has a craze for Barbie dollsÿOMG!STEFFI I LUV U. U R THE BEST GIFT GOD HAS EVER GIVEN ME!!!"sriram!!!!!! hmmm! it took me jus hardly few days to get close enough to him! one shy guy he s! but ppl note he is an awesome company!!! never knows how the time flies off chattin with him! though he is a kid as i see him that way, i have learned a lot from him! very cute, innocent and studious are a few words i use to describe him! and very bad at fooling ppl;) i can say that he is one person i have got really close to in a very short span of time! and guess ntn can hinder our frenship!!!! and ya he has a small heart is wat he says without measurin;)! haha! u can rely on this chap! sriram thanks for everything and find your sitha soon! my wishes for u!!"There are a few things which characterise my friendship with Anoosha -1) We simply have to fight every week. If at all we miss one week, we'll have an extra ferocious fight to compensate . This constitutes the most important part of our bonding 2) We also have to have a mutual ego boosting session, where we compliment each other( coz noone else seems to do so)3) We have to text each other everyday, even the most inane details of what we're doing- ""I'm in the bus"", ""I'm in the train"", ""I'm bored"", ""So am I"" etc. If this doesn't happen on a day to day basis, read point (1). Dishoom dishoomProbably the best thing about my friendship with her is that I don't have to pretend..I can straight away say to her face what I think of her, and she returns the favour too :)I personally feel that no relationship/friendship is ever complete without a fight, because you require that intimacy even to fight..That said, I'm gonna miss our weekly fights when this idiot runs away to do her MS. Love U!"hmmm..charanya or charanga..watever u call her..she is d first lady of our class n dept..she is one person who ll have somethin to tell u 24 hrs a day all days a week..classes r never borin (how much ever the profs try makin thm borin) if u r next to her..she was the padips of our class but now out all that nonsense..she always has a reason for watever she tells though the reasons r mostly(nope always;) ) insane!!! she has been a carin,sweet n very entertainin..life rocks wit u pal :).. charangs..i find it hard to put down in words(that too a max of 1024 chars) about this wonderful person who happens to be one of my close friends..we've had loads of fun in coll,most of the times at her expense..shes one person i can talk to bout anything under the sun..heres to u..my friend, my confidant..as cliched as it sounds,im sure our friend'ship' will never sink or stink! Listless eyes fixed aimlessly on the road. The dry hum of the AC blowing on my face. One long never ending road. The slow monotony of a highway drive. Many kilometres covered. Mindless music crooning in the background. Every mile seemed to me like the road was gobbling up human beings, villages and vehicles alike. The road swallowing the people and things that it passed by in seconds. The car swallowing the road as it moved ahead. The vicious cycle kept replaying before my eyes and suddenly brought a memory to the forefront . A memory that tore its way from that place , deep inside mind, where it was locked away for eternity. The loud screaming thoughts rudely shook my reprieve and replaced the stoic silence of my mind."en years backkids playing cricket on the streetmonisha: i wanna play along with youmanoj(to his friends with irritation):get her out in the first ball damonisha goes back home cryingsix years backbang! boom! crack!splonch!manoj: you are my punching bagmonisha: god will punish you( my usual dialouge)manoj:@#$%^!*&monisha learns new wordsamma's voice in the background ""ssssssaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiii""this is how we were. but now we've become sama close sama friendly.the covalent bond has been transformed to the ionic bond.and now coming to the main highlight of his life. he being sama handsome is always surrounded by his female fans!! proof for being called handsome: my relatives complimented hinm saying he looked like a bollywood hero, then his friend's mom had said that he looks like hrithik who comes in some ad.aiyo aiyo and once he becomes a hero i get to be the cinematographer for a movie"hiva.....a bubbly pal of mine...always fueled with energy...she really is a fantasy n a freak-out...dotes on her fav hang-outs n food stalls...d next thing she adores is her friends...she cares 4 her pals like no one else...n u can feel free to share anything with her....very open-minded n a bit of a tomboy sometimes:)...hav never met another one like her since high-school..she is at her best when she 'kalaichi'fies people:)...n always out with an ear 4 rumours n buzzes...a person who can talk her mind freely wherever she believes thr is a need to do so...a thing i admire abt her: once she decides abt something, she'll put her foot down n wudn't stop till she has achieved her objective...n an independent decision-maker...i respect her courage n daring:)..i can go on n on abt thz dynamic lady but tat wud only limit d possibilities of wat she can be..so i stop here n wish u a very bright future.chase ur dreams!!.u hav d potential 2 be wat u wanna be..u r ma best pal n am always thr wen u need me k!!:)"ayyo ayyo ayyo indha AVK ku oru testimonial ??? romba kadinamana vishayam serious a ezhudha mudiyadhu ivana pathi because namma vivek, comedian vivek madhiriye oru super comedy character  eppidi???ok ok now things abt vivek, ivan samma cook [milk boil panna kooda theriyum namma paiyan , ana milk spill panniduvan.. appo yosichu pakalam how gr8 a cook he is]. supera maggie pannuvane avane dhan sapduvanseri ippo serious a ve good things abt vivek. he is soooooo studious, sooooo hard workin, soooooooo brainy, sooooo creative and of course a very gr8 cook o cook vivek a kindal pannala na enaku day mudinja madhiri e irukadhu. but he is sooooo sweet.. adhukellam kochukave maatan.. adhu dhan enaku ivana kindal panna oru big motivationVivek, u have a very bright future ahead.. All the very best. wish u lotsa luck, happiness and hope all ur ambitions come true."dalda.... i met her on dec 26th 2003.still remember tat day..the next was when i joined my coll.i knew very few she was one among them...my close and best friend.i share everything with her.she is a gem,caring who listens to others problems and helps in all the way she could.a very good and a jovial person whom i have ever met.. we always be together.there is no place u could spot out me with out her and jayashree.we 3 are 1.a very intelligent hard working girl.often i find her with books in her bed. her fav toon charcter is mickey(am i right)she just loves mickey.....her most famous words(vaaaya moodu,mickey,etc).she never says no to anythin.a fun loving person who never caughts up with teachers but trust me she will be the reason behind the dark scenes...kd..i just love to be with her..often i spend time with her cracking jokes..she looks great in all green colour dresses.u r my best friend de......will never forget such a personality in my life time...u r my chellam de...thanks 4 coming in my life de.."yooooo. . . . .people. . . . this stupid guy s one of ma close frens. . . .hes very frenly,helping,caring,anddddddddddddddd he s really s-g-t. . . .u knw wat i mean adi. . .i love hanging around wid him. . .one of ma favourite is our mayajal trip wid our fellas. . .hope u remember those sweet times. . . and i really miss u man. . .especially ur hip hop. . .lol. . .this guy s a awesome dancer and he lit many stages burn. . .stay in touch da. . .try visitin our campus once cos people wanna c our gangster again....be d same da...u always rock. . .bye,sylvi ""hi chinamyi nice post.. ur blog has a regular readers like me who would immed comment on ur post.. sometimes i do read jus not ur post even comments, where i find lots of people wud definitely want to put an input saying ur words has transformed their thoughts.. i do join that group. Even this particular post is a replica of my thoughts just that im not good at narrating like u. post like ""thayir sadam"", where even now i wud like to go back and read and jus cling on to those old dates. it is so fresh whenever u read it. Dont stop blogging.. bse it is very inspiring to people like me..keep up the good work. WISHING U ALL SUCCESS."well here is d pending testi 4 my benchmate!..though known her since my skool got 2 noe her a lot better only after comin 2 coll(ella vandavaalamum ippo thaan therinjudu!!)..hmmmm...thk her other frds hav alredy written evrythin abt her sparin nuthin 4 me..but i definitely hav 2 contribute(2 d damage!..lolz)...shez v soft spoken,fun luvin, n ms.photogenic!d first impression she gives is tat of a chamathu ponnu wel let me tel u SHE IS NOT!!!!....her luks r sooo deceivin...n she has 2 addictions!.well those r books n of course internet(don b misled by her scrap cnt shez onlin 24x7...rite now scrap deletin fever has caught her!!!).. n shez a voracious reader....u name ne book n she wud hav read it!...as others hav said she hogs lik nethin...coz food is her passion!!!.. n not 2 forget she has given me constant company in dozing off durin cls hrs!!..oblivious 2 wats happenin  v keep blinkin 2gether in cls not knowin wats goin on..2 sum it up shez been a wonderful frd n wud remain so 4everFrom total strangers to best friends¡± I think this would be perfect for usÿ its exactly a year since we became friendsÿ his friendship is a gift I should say..a really trustworthy person... my rakhi brother!!a very responsible and a mature guyÿ always there to help you out.. very hardworking and sincereÿ great cricketer!! Quite studious.. but maintains a perfect balance between fun and work.. thts something I envy.. he¡¯s perfect in his work.. clear in his ideas and a really sensible person.. if u r confused he¡¯s the rite person to talk with..a great friend.. a crazy fan of rajini and ofcourse ¡°shreya¡±ÿ I¡¯m really lucky to have a friend like himÿ thanks for being so nice!! Live life to the fullest!! Keep going.. hope we r friends forever!!my friend,critic,mentor,supporter,admirer(???i heard it!!)...well ladies n gentleman,thats my sis!!..one among the few who can bear my nonsense...well atleast she tries to..cant blame her...we ve had loadsa fites n even more so fun )..course,the age diff has never been a prob!...well,almost never...she is the one who introduced me to F.R.I.E.N.D.S..wich she may think the biggest mistake she made...but luv ya fr that!!muaah muaah!!...my best shoppin partner(better than mom)...cant wait to continue our shopping routines,late nite talks...or rather late nite lafs(which drives my dad crazy!!)in short,she rox!!...now that she is done rockin india..she has gone to rock us of a!!well,gud lcuk for that,sista!!"i promised u remember ,i am writing this testimonial for u on ur birthday di......do accept it.know wat, wen i met u first i never know u would become my bestfriend but then as time passed on we came close ,we shared many things among us,we did all kind of naughty stuffs in class and got semma scoldings together.were ever we go our names will be spelt together nly, this shows how much we ve been together at the same time its u with whom i hav fought my maximum in my life.i am sorry for that but those fights had just bonded us together more.u know wat i go senseless wen i fight with u.i seriously miss u badly wen u dont talk with me de.for me i just can say this u r very spl to me,i have full rights to make u laugh,make u cry,scold u,fight u bcoz wen it comes to end i know tat u will be the last person to depart frm me.i cherish each and every moment staying with u de not only happy moments but also the fights tat we do.am sorry for hurting u these days and i dont want to miss u .take care bye""dis cuty pie does deserve a testi (tho i myt not b xactly d perfect person 2 pen it down!!)mathuuuuuuuuuuuuu...itz amazin how she can play a determined young lady 4 a stance an a luk lyk a total freak out d very next moment!damn carin...she can give u goose pimples by d way she screams at u out f affection wen u land up doin smth stupid(which i do every other nano second)..has a knack f makin her probs( no matter how miuscule de r) sound lyk climbin everest...dis 5 foot (or les) barbie doll can b damn stubborn wen it cumz 2 doin wat she want...u surely cant make her mov a pin if she doesn wanna..bottom of her profile...she s a PADIPS..an lyk ne other person accused of d crime she wud defy it...wid such intensity and grave reasonin (which on post-mortum s always illogical)dat it wud make u suspect ur own senses!!an if u r lukin 4 a really carin companion hu can makin u feel u r d best arnd(evn if u aint newer near dat) den mathu fitz ur needs perfectly!hope 2 hv u arnd 4evr an evr an evr!!cheerz swtz"okie arch felt a lot that i dint write much in her slam book .. so making it up 2 u this way .. wat to tell about this sweet samathu angel faced gal ( i mean it really u know ) well lots because as the saying goes appearences are deceptive . The only one in the A gang who holds the record for never getting caught in class inspite of sitting next 2 shah .. what she does , well i doubt if she knows herself . to talk archa's trademarks , bad bad handwriting , few salwars that atleast one other person will own , some so different that they can give ksh's designer wear a run , matching earrings to give appu competition. Very tolerant person ( after all she tolerated the THIRD one for many sems and had nightmares resulting from it ) . No one can beat her in word racer , though i doubt her counter strike abilities . Snoopy like nancy drew which provide good base material for gossip .. her luck ( well i would rather not remind her of it ) .. wat els movie buff book-a-maniac and pakki of first orderPre-r (which is how I am going to call my pre-parent days), I used to notice one common characteristic among parents. Whenever they had their baby with them, they would try to convince the baby to do something fascinating like saying the alphabets or singing a song or even dancing a particular piece. It almost never worked. The kid would look shy and hide behind the parent or would just look blank and do nothing. I would excitedly wait for the kid to do its wonder but couldn't help wondering what made the parents want so desperately for the kid to perform. I believed them, that the kid can say its alphabets or sing a little jingle or tap dance; then why the attempts to coerce the unwilling kid to do that?"Its like yesterday, but I can still remember the day i first met you.It was August 19,2005 around noon.We were all gathered for the first year's orientation day.At first sight itself you waved at me like a very old friend and introduced yourself to me and i was amazed.This is how it all started. I never thought i would be really this close to you as you had many friends in college. But you took the initiative and made sure that I was comfortable with you.Sumi can read your mind just like that. A very true and a loyal friend to have. She is unpredictable at certain times. Dont try to mess up with her feelings. Just accept the way she is and you will be really surprised to see a very different person altogether. She can be silly and intelligent at the same time. I wonder how she can watch a movie all night and still manages an 80 in the next day's test. She makes a boring class very lively by her constant doubts.Hey SUMI you are the best i have ever had.I will do my best to make you feel the same way!..""sam patti sollanum na 1024 characters poradu... appadi patta character na patade ille... The best!!! Konjam kovapaduvan,but tat's okay!!! pakarathuku very innocent but... na actually sollave tavaille cos every one knos him weeeeeeeellllllllll.... class le unnonum teriyada payyan mathri irupan... Basiaclly a 'very good actor'.  Hero of d class, hehehe!!!! Very brilliant n smart... lik me.. jus kiddin.. Lol.. very helpful guy... konjam irritate pannuvan.. Good at asking cross questionswhich i dont like... Hey, I guess u sh'd try in some news channels lik ETv 2 , etc.. hahaha!!!, very sentimental as far as i kno... I like u yaar... Aur tere baare mey nahi bolungi... enna nee ennoda frnd... na unnodo maanam fulla edukamaten.. he s the famous X-302!!!!.M very very happy tat u r my frnd... OMG!! Wat m doin...?? Actually, i never support him.. All the very best...!!! ellame nee think panramadhiri than nadakum.. sam, u kno wat i mean????!!!... "seriously these testimonials r nt enuf 4 me there r loads n loads 2 write abt my jutt dosth!bt wat 2 do? space s nt permittin me! i really love u my sweet fnd cum sister!may god bless u with all happiness n te world!u wil ve a very bright future da i can feel it!very soon wil catch u up with the rest of the things in my other testi bye 4 ne take care my dearie!!!!!!!!!!!! muaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah dear! keep rockin v ve 2 enjoy each n every moment of our life!our worries all r over!tc my sweet heart!"about shankar vaidyanathan..ha ha..my elder bro,who's1.a GENIUS2.fundoooooo3.cute n good lookin n,...............................4.sometimes....hmmm..sillylots in d list...of all these wat i remember first s he HATEs or rather is terribly AFRAID of GAINT WHEEL n other amusements he he he..u cant see his face after a ride in it..but my Best BRO...""Maha is a bundle of energy. Loves to have fun, enjoys life to the fullest and then of course - lives for the present (pun intended ;-). Down to earth, believes in a heap load of her own ""principles"" !!! Good sense of humour and a shweeet smile. It definitely pays to be in her good books :-)))And who better to write this testimonial than me - her anbu thangatchi !! Aint I lucky ?!? Cos Manjuu..u r simply the best.""There are serials, mindless game shows, cloying ""reality"" dance shows, movies, movies and more movies. They debuted ""Adaverallam Aada varalaam"" recently. The preview shows this guy who injures himself on the dance floor. Prithviraj (aka Babloo) is begging the show's judges to let him be taken to the hospital. Huh?! The injured guy comes up with a really stupid line like, ""All warriors want to fall on the battlefield. I'd rather die on stage than go to the hospital."" Second huh?!!!!!!! Okay, drama queen, if you want to die on-stage, that's your problem. But we don't want to see it.  Of course, its all coached ""reality TV"" lines. Still, who comes up with such crap at Sun TV?""hey duddie. . .dis s pinks...my account got crashed da...i borrowed sylvi's account to write u a testi...where to start wid..this guy s a stupid as u all knw dat..i need not explain dat...does crazy things always...he keeps d atmosphere around him soo happy...makes averyone happy...not evryone gets chance to move close wid him..but once u get to knw him u cant stay away from him..i really cant forget our way to spens,cc,pet,java,rozhan,bayards,mojito...yo man weneve we go there we think abou u. . .am happy dat ur goin abroad da...but remember i always love u...we d fought a lot...uve made me cry...but watever happens ur d best da...none l get a frend like u....u knw i didnt use d woods keychain dat u gave for ma bday...not only in slice man...in hp,trex gel,center lawn, each and every place u left ur memories da...we love u dear...really misssssss u da...ur place in d illusions gang will always be vacant....we all love u soooo much dear....all d best...stay in touch dear,bye,(pinks,illusions) ""Mathura, well i know her rite from kinder garden she is one of my best frens..She is one big time padips, but she too have fun..it wud be gr8 when she is around..The best thing i like in her, she is very frank to her frens ..Believe me, she is not a bookworm, but still she tops the class..But once she slept, thats all, she will forget the whole world..i had a superb experience!!She ll do anything for frens..She ll kalachify ppl like anything..If she says something, we shld have a closer look on it, cos it wont be the same what we assume She always thinks very practical....She is punctuality personified..Very lucky to get such a awesome fren like Mathura..Be the way u r !!""BrAd PiTt,YuPs Dis iZ Wat i CalL Dis StUpId 6.2' Guy...Ppl If U BeLIeve In DeStiNy Den It Ws A FluKe Da Way We Ppl CaMe AcRoSs N Nw Hez Ma FrNd...BeiNg DipLoMatic If I M SupPosEd 2 Say SumThing Abt Him I Wud Say Hez An EniGma...At Tyms Hez WiTty,SenSelEss,StuPid,CarEleSs,IllOgiCal,KidDish N Evn UnnErvEd By ResPonsiBlity...N At TyMs Hez ExtRemLy EmoTioNal,SenSitive,CreDuloUs n MoDest...Bt Datz Nt All..Hez CooL,NicE,HumBle,Credible,BeNign,AltrUisTic N SopHasTicAted...His DemEaNour N GraCious ChaRm Hav StrUck A ChoRd In MaNy HeaRts..Hez A LivE WirE..Full Of DriVe N DeteRmiNaTion..ExtrEmLy TalEntEd..N Ppl Hw Cn I ForGt 2 MenTion Dat Hez An EpiTome Of JaMeS BoNd..U Knw His All Tym Wat,Whr,Why N All...LoLz...Hey GuYs I AlSo Gt 2 Knw Dat He Evn GoEs 2 MaNdir N KeePs FasTs N All..GreAt IsN't It..!!!..Hez Da 1 Who MaDe Me BeliEve Dat FrndShp Iz Nt Abt MeEtiNg Sum1 Bt Abt UndrStnDing Each OthEr..OfcOuRse I ShaRe A Gud RapPort Wit Him...TO Sum It All BuDdy U ReAlly RocKs...May U ReaCh Da PinNacLe Of SucCesS.""This week in home video, we've got a slew of brand new releases coming your way. Unfortunately, only a few of them were critical darlings, but the ones that are critic-approved are pretty good ones. Among the new releases are the latest in Stephenie Meyer's Twilight series, the most recent offering from Disney's traditional animation department, a couple of action flicks that didn't perform as well as they would have liked, a computer animated update of an anime classic, director Pedro Almodovar's latest film, and a boxset of a brutal South Korean trilogy. Dig in, and hopefully there'll be something worth your while this week!""Regular readers of this blog, and I am happy to say that it as many as five people, have been pointing out that it has remained unupdated for over two months. A very devoted reader, horror of horrors, even threatened blogultery, if I did not come up with a post soon. I know how hard I have toiled to build readership to such impressive levels and I feel terrified at the prospect of losing it all.I do have a good reason for not blogging. I was away on a holiday for three weeks and while I did contemplate writing about it, I decided against doing so. What, I felt, could I possibly say about London that hasn¡¯t already been said? After all, the very wonderful city attracts an impressive 30 million tourists every year." XPU Ha Don?t worry be happy from David Furchtgott on Vimeo . As we were driving into our house, I was listening, to the song " Don?t Worry , be Happy ", and, It is unbelievable, to think back, and to see how much we have achieved out of a dream... we started of a tree in Xpu Ha, just sitting down with a kite waiting for the wind, planning to have a Sabatical season... and look where we are now... Thank you very much for the support! I?m looking forward to see what is next! Keep it Real, Keep it Morph! Thank you Ben, for taking the time to shoot this pictures and also edit them in your holidays! very nice!, he was taking this pictures side by side with Chantelle, he was " embarrased " to give me this pictures, because he says that he can not compete with Chantelle?s session, however, I told him, that every photographer has a pint of view, also that he doesn?t have the big monster camera as Chantelle does, but his pictures are awesome as well, and every picture is different, every eye is deifferent, so Ido appreciate a lot your pics Ben! when I took him a picture to post in the blog, he says : don?t take a picture of e I?m going to be horrible in that picture..... I took the picture of him and when he saw it, he told me: you see? JUST LIKE I TOLD YOU....HORRIBLE!!! JAJAJA! anyway MOn Ami, Merci Beaucoup!!! saludos! este dia nos sopl¨® bastante bien, el viento, estaba m¨¢s o menos como 15 nudos de direcci¨®n Noreste, Yanick, empez¨® a armar su EH Beast V3, de 6 m2, mientras yo le ayudaba a estirar sus l¨ªneas. esto fue en la escuela de kitesurfing de Morph en la playa de Xpu Ha, Yanick vino con varios de sus amigos de Cancun, pero ¨¦l fu¨¦ el ¨²nico que continu¨® con su entrenamiento. hoy seguimos con el trainer, y Yanick ya tiene much¨ªsimo control con su papalote! ahora ya est¨¢ dando giros, vueltas, kiteloops! etc, al final de la tarde nos terminamos la arrachera, y fu¨¦ un buen final de dia en Xpu ha... Andr¨¦s, fu¨¦ el fot¨®grafo de ¨¦ste dia. thank you very much por las fotos Amigo! and also thank you for the Tacos de Carnitas! that was a nice experience! saludos! Buenas Tardes David, I trust you are well and business is growing! It was great meeting you on the beach in January. I had a lot of fun photographing you kiteboarding and listening to your passionate words about your sport. You're setting a powerful example. I would have liked to have accepted your invitation for lessons before leaving on our journey to weave together the prophecies of the Maya and Inka at the sacred sites of Tulum, Coba, Chichen Itza, and Ek Balam. I didn't have the space to stop by this time and will build room into my schedule when I return. It was pretty different, almost difficult, coming back to Sweden with a temperature of -20 C compared to the +28 C in Tulum. Three journeys to Tulum in the last 15 months and looking forward to returning as soon as possible. You have a beautiful country and the land speaks to me. It would be cool to meet up with some kiteboarding folks here in Stockholm. I appreciate any connections you may have. Thank you. As agreed David, here are some of the photos that I took that afternoon. They are small at 72dpi to keep the email size low. Left me know if you would like any in a larger size. I join ed Morph Kiteboarding group on FB when I saw it the other day. Warm regards, Scott as I?m coming out of the Xpu Ha Palapa, I see Francoise, writting something, as I approach I can spy that he is studying the wind window! good for you man! I love to see people thirsty for knowledge! I actually don?t even think he knows I took his picture.. saludos ! Nokia Morph Concept from Ozan Basar on Vimeo . Read more about... Cia Cucoritza! thank you Zolt¨¢n for this amazing set!  Post note: Little bunny died about three hours after I brought him in house. I'm sure the stress was just too much for him. He seemed to be picking up some speed at one point. It is all for the better. He was warm and cared for. I found a wounded bunny near a hay pile I was moving by the lamb stalls this morning. He had tucked himself into the safest spot he could, and squeaked when I was near by. His hind leg has a puncture wound, through to the bone. He's alive, but I've had my Dr. Quinn episodes with bunnies, wildlife doesn't fare well with human interference even when well intended. I imagine a cat got him. I iodined it after saline bath. He is more alert than when I found him, and I have him at my desk safe from puppies and wandering felines. Not sure if he will make it. He'll die attended though, although the sounds of the dogs playing is probably not helping. He is calm when held. The wandering array of life continues, as does pending death. These little episodes are not meant to distress, but to remind us of the bigger picture. Life is temporary, and can be snapped away in a bite by man or beast. The conflict of having compassion for but raising livestock to sustain me, the conflict of helping a bunny that eats my food...intertwined. Lilly had her lambs last night. She finally started labor around six p.m. and we came to the barn a few times to find her still in pre labor. This early morning we arrived to find lambs, two beauties. The male is very large, and already eating a little grass this usually doesn't happen for a few days or more.] The girl is this wonderful strawberry blonde. Sadly, on my second trip to the barn, she had torn her eyelid on a piece of the lambing pen - I treated with saline and antibiotic and think it will heal fine. Lilly is one of our work horse sheep - always calm, and stoic. She's a big girl who throws strong lambs. I was concerned she had held out this long, as we never have lambs past 3/12...and of course my over active imagination drummed up all sorts of possibilities. I tortured myself by re-reading my sheep books about possible causes, and lay in bed last night with visions of Lilly lying in breach birth trauma...but I guess Mlle. Nature just wasn't ready to pop those two out, and they arrived very mature - with ears already standing by morning. Normally I wait at least one day to put mom and lambs out, but it's sunny and warm, and Lilly is an old pro. It's less stressful than being separated from the flock. They develop so much faster - I find - when they can go outside. I want to thank all the nice thoughts people held for us this season- I have to say, I feel like a boulder has been lifted off my chest. The trauma of last year really made a mark on me, and Martyn, and it showed this season. We lost the stillborn girl, and I still fret about the surviving twin's rattle, but all in all, we are pleased. And relieved. As the last ewe to lamb, Lilly rests, and waits. And one of Audrey's boys catches some sunny zzzzz's. On what most likely was a chilly March 10th in 1958, in a hospital room at St. Mary's in Rochester, Minnesota, I came bolting into the world at precisely 10:18 PM. And so begins the story which over the years has reached mythical proportions- how I almost killed my mother on my birthday. Perhaps it is one reason I chose to never have children - my own mother terrified the heck out of me with my own birth story. In all seriousness, my mother did almost bleed to death, and I have this scar she likes to point out on my forehead from the momentous occasion. Supposedly my father looked pale and upset when he saw me because I was pink and red and lobster like, where as my brother came out a year earlier looking like JFK - seriously, for years my mother compared my brother's looks to JFK. I was compared to a lobster. And hours before I barged out of the womb, my father had been called to the morgue, where his 57 year old mother lay dead, of a heart attack, diabetes related. Her untimely death led me to receive her name, Katherine, instead of Bridgette which my mother had picked out. I cant imagine being named Bridgette, although as a child I liked to tell this story, since Bridgette Bardot was all the rage, and as a chubby little redhead, I thought BB was quite the cat's pajamas. So I can only imagine the yin and yang and surreal quality of that cold March night for my father. I wonder if there were things that brought it all back to him as he aged. Did the sound of heels on a linoleum floor late at night bring back a sensation of the events he dealt with that night? As I get older, 52 years older to be exact, I can understand how this moment is burned into my mother, or father, in some kind of post traumatic stress way. But being true Minnesotans, we carried on, and every year, my mother made me one of my favorite layer cakes- at the time it was white cake with pink butter frosting. In time, my tastes changed to German chocolate, or her white cake with chocolate frosting. I still have the same recipe cards she hand wrote so many years ago, all spotted with vanilla stains. While I appreciate that I was born, I am not one of the people out there saying that birth is beautiful. In fact, I couldn't disagree more. It's an intimate moment of a mother creature being out of control of her body. Miraculous, yes, but not beautiful. I get just about as much birth as I need on the farm, thank you very much , and all the blood, after birth and vaginal prolapses that come with it. I think birth is traumatic, terrifying, bloody and completely chaotic. It's a mess. In fact, it makes no sense. A creature pushed out of a keyhole - that's not beautiful, it's bizarre. It's a miracle, but it's not beautiful. But it's the only way to get a foot in the door, isn't it? Staying in a womb all your life would be safe, and warm, and inexpensive - no taxes, no maniacs on the radio shouting at you. But there would be no grand entrance, no kisses, no pie made with the first strawberries, no front row seats to Neil Young. No puppies. No showers on a hot day. No hand to hold when a father dies and no little mouths to feed when a mother dies. No matter what creatures come into your life, mothering is the beautiful part of birth. That some one would go through that trauma to give another creature a way to get their foot in the door of this big, messy place called life. The winds have come in, it's bone chilling. All day I was carried back to a place I liked to hide when I was little, a grove of sumac bushes out behind our house. Alone, I felt protected, but spooked at the same time. Rushing back to the house, I'd hear the wind blowing buckets and roof tops, and it felt scary like the Wizard of Oz. But home was warm, there was homemade cake even on my non birthday. It wasn't messy. It's like that today - the sounds of the barn roof rattling in the wind are spooky, but I feel safe in the barn, surrounded by my mothering ewes. Together with my flock, I experienced the trauma of last year's lambing, and just like my mother did after my birth, I carry that trauma with me in a little surface wound, in danger of getting reopened if I bump it just right. I realized it's my very own birth story, and it's required if one expects to find a sense of place in this messy world. March 10, Post Note: Daisy presented my with two healthy lambs this morning, a perfect way to start my birthday. They've made it 8 hours...we'll hope they do well tonight. They appear okay. I saw some tail wiggling while at the udder [ asign they are getting milk]. When I saw these pictures, I was quite amused at their expressions. Amazing how they adapt. We are grateful for the sun and warmer weather, to help our lambing week along. These are Fern's lambs, now one week old. We had hoped more of the girls would lamb this weekend - perfect weather. I knew everyone of the 5 ewes was ready to pop, but I like to keep them up and atom until they really go down into labor. The new mothers can surprise you though - I once had a new mom waddling casually back to the barn with her baby half way out. So last night I was pretty sure Nelly Moser would lamb. And she did. I have been somewhat concerned about what type of mother Nelly would be- of all our sheep she is somewhat flighty. Arriving at the barn, there she was with two fresh lambs, probably born around 8 am. But she wasn't caring to them very proficiently- she wasn't licking them or chortling much. One was quite dopey looking and chilled, not a good sign. I checked her udder and she had milk, and both ram lambs did suck on my finger, another good sign. I opted not to tube them [a procedure where you insert a stomach tube and force feed], and gave him milk from my finger instead. I decided to take them outside since it is sunny and much warmer outside than the cool barn. Nelly was just a bit clueless, but she's adapting. She is chortling more, and can get them to the udder, but she's not as good as the pros at helping them 'get it". She did not dry them off well either, and I had to step in and help. Within a half hour, I had them warmed up, thanks to the towel and the sun. We will just have to watch them and see. In the last 3 hours, I think both mother and lambs are adjusting to the newness of everything. And the other girls wait...here's Lilly, who I'm sure will go soon. In fact, they are all showing signs of pending labor. The rules of this game are simple: wait...watch...then run with all your heart to where ever the guy in front of you runs. Great track workout! 3/4 mile slow jog, a bunch of drills (high knees, lunges, killer long jump things, etc.) Then we did a mile on the track, sprinting on the straight parts &amp; walking on the curves. Invigorating! Then a 1/4 mile cool down jog. Then one of the other girls and I did a mile jog--really nice way to wrap up an early morning workout! (Kind of stinks that w/the time change, the whole 5:45-6:45 workout was in the dark.) It still AMAZES me that, at the end of the workout, I can do a mile slow jog and talk the whole way through. I mean, my heart rate is still going up, and my lungs get a workout, but it's pretty easy. That's just crazy. And awesome. Total was 3 miles plus the drills. We were out there about an hour. 3.27 miles, 36 minutes, 11:00 pace. Okay, it wasn't a good pace, but boy was it a GREAT run. I focused on going slow, and was able to think more about lengthening my stride. I added a little speed at the end, but if I hadn't done that, I felt like I could have run for at least 10 more minutes. Maybe my easiest run ever. But still a good workout. I'm liking this slow jogging thing. :) Wow! Not the greatest energy today, but a great run! This is the furthest I've ever run, but just a bit (both time & distance.) I'm pleased that I focused on conserving my energy but was still a little faster than Thursday (even though speed isn't the goal right now.) Next week when I add 4 more minutes to my run I should be up over 3.5 miles. :) 3.39 miles, 36 minutes, 10:37/mile 3.03 miles in 33 minutes (10:52 per mile.) For my 10K training I'm focusing on SLOWING my pace so that I can run a bit longer each week and build up my endurance! This felt like a great, fairly easy pace for me. I was able to speed up just a bit in the last half mile, and I sprinted for the last 45 seconds. Knowing I had that extra energy at the end, I know I could have gone further. 6.2 miles seems a lot more attainable when I'm not pushing my speed! The trainer doing our Tuesday track sessions gave me advice on how to train for my April 4 10K. Here's the plan: Week 1 (this week): Track training 33 minute run 2-36 minute runs Week 2: Track training 36 minute run 2-40 minute runs Week 3: Track training 40 minute run 2-44 minute runs Week 4: Track training 44 minute run 2-48 to 49 minute runs So the idea is to increase my distance by 10% per week, and to run the whole way, no matter how slow I need to go. That way I've got the endurance to run most and maybe even all of the 10K. Running the whole way would be amazing but I'm not putting too much pressure on myself. That would be about 20 minutes longer than my longest training run. We'll see how much energy, motivation, and adrenaline I have on race day! Right now I think a reasonable goal for the 10K is 68:12 or less. That's an average of 11 minutes or less per mile. As I get closer, I'll reevaluate to determine if that still seems like a good goal or not. I'm starting weekly group track workouts with a trainer to help my running. Today we did a slow warm-up jog (3/4 mile), then did a timed mile. One mile time was 8:58! Personal best! I am thrilled to have run a mile in under 9 minutes! This was my first official 5K! My pace was just a smidge slower than last time I ran in my neighborhood. I think with the excitement I got off on my breathing, and I did a little bit of walking near the end because of some side cramps and just being winded. But it went great, and I can't wait to beat this time next time I do a race! Out of 181 women, I was #91, which puts me precisely in the middle of the pack. I'm pretty happy with that, with under 4 1/2 months of running under my belt Honestly, I was hoping to have my personal best time/pace, but it was still a really great experience. More interval training! Used one of Skip Orem's GetFitPod podcasts again. Man, it's HARD! My "sprints" are not very fast at the end! But I know it'll help my speed in the long run, and I enjoy the challenge. I heartily recommend these podcasts. Woo hoo--cut 48 seconds of my previous best 5K time!! Wow, that's getting very close to my 10 minute per mile goal! Tomorrow I'll do some interval training, then Sunday is my first official 5K. Hoping the adrenaline gets me down to my goal! 3.13 miles in 31:33, 10:04/mile We did some more ringing in the garden this morning. When Derek arrived it was raining steadily and we didn't think we'd be able to get any nets up at all. After a cup of coffee, things brightened up and we put up one 40' net.We stood in the kitchen and watched birds flying over, under and round the side of the net. It was pretty dispiriting! Eventually we caught two Blue Tits and a Great Tit simultaneously, and then it got windy. So things weren't looking too good.Fortunately, despite the wind and occasional drizzle, we did OK.We caught two Reed Buntings (we've had as many as 15 in the garden at the same time this week), which was pretty good. This one's a male. The pale flecks on his head will soon wear away, revealing smart, plain black feathers underneath.For a while it looked likely that the Reed Buntings would be the highlight of the morning. Then we caught this bird:A Great Tit, you say. Not very interesting, surely. Well, the thing about this Great Tit is that it already had a ring, and it wasn't one that we'd put on. So it's come from somewhere else. In itself, that's interesting enough (we'll have to wait to find out where it was ringed).The extra-interesting thing was that the ring was a size larger than normal - a B ring (AAs are the smallest, for things like Goldcrests and Willow Warblers, then As, and Bs are usually for birds like Greenfinches).When young Great Tits are ringed in the nest as chicks (or pulli&nbsp;as ringers like to refer to them), they need the next ring size up. This is because their legs are actually fatter while they're developing!The ring still fits OK now that the bird is a thinner-legged adult, but hopefully the person who ringed it will be really pleased to hear that one of their pulli&nbsp;has made it to adulthood. The reason that Great Tits have such huge families (up to 9 eggs) is because many of them - 62% on average - will die in their first year. I remember years ago before I had a blackerry, before I knew anything about having this type of instant access to the worldwide web, to e-mails, to google, to bbm, I would look at my friends who would use their phones for anything else other than to make and receive phone calls or to send the occasional text as crazy or bored or lame or "too cool for school" so to speak. And don't let me get started on those who would do all this stuff while they were driving. Those people were REALLY crazy!!Fast forward to a couple years ago and the acquisition of my own blackberry and I became/have become that person I so chastized. It's one thing to put one's phone to full use and by that I mean, go ahead have fun, use all the apps and gadgets on there but the thing I had come to dislike about my own phone usage was that I had become a culprit of doing these things while I was driving.The thing is I know better!! I've seen all the stories about the accidents that people have gotten into, the deaths that have been caused, that could've been avoided had that person not been fooling around with their phone. I've seen the mothers crying on Dr. Phil and I've seen the anguish that this basically self-serving, selfish act has wrought on the lives of so many. Yet I, like so many others, just convinced myself that I was actually good at it. That it was just those people who didn't know how to text, bbm, google and drive.Studies have shown that it is equally, if not more dangerous to do these things while driving than it is to drive drunk!! And that still didn't stop me. But something hit me, quite literally, when a friend of mine who drives and text I was sorting through some papers I need to file away and I came across this picture I cut out of a gardening magazine. I may have shown you this one before. I think it is a gorgeous combination. As I admired it all over again, I realized that I had just ordered one of those big black elephant ears! Whoo hooo....I am going to create a look alike of this planter. I even have a container in a similar blue color. This one.... I think it will work, though it's a bit smaller than I would like. Now I just need to find some Hakone grass (Hakonechloa macra 'All Gold'). I think I saw it for sale around here last year. Of course that does not mean I will find it now that I want it. I often buy a plant and the next year it's no where to be found. I guess I could use any plant with grass-like foliage in a chartreuse color...of course, I can't think of any other..........can you? I am really beginning to get excited for planting time! For the past two years I have been wanting a black (really it's dark purple) elephant ear plant. I could not find one any place in my town. So when I got Breck's offer today, I immediately ordered this collection: I will get one each of the following varieties: Hilo Beauty - heart-shaped leaves in a unique camouflaged pattern Black Magic - mysterious dark purple foliage up to 2 feet in length Persian Palm - serrated leaves up to 42 inches long pointing outward As an added bonus, they include a free Polly Elephant Ears. They are small; just 18inches or so high. I already have one of these in a combination planter I bought last year and keep inside. I did not know what it was until today. Elephant ears go quite nicely with my other tropicals -- cannas and calla lilies. If I spent $50, I got $25 off, so I also ordered another Rembrandt Dahlia collection. It was basically free - just tax and shipping. I really enjoyed the splotchy paint-like splatters on the ones I got two years ago. So now I am gung-ho on planting the deck containters. It's still two months away for me, but it will go by fast. I probably won't be buying any annuals again this year because I won't have room for any. Anybody else ordering flower bulbs, corms, etc? I have had my eye on this vivid flower pin for some time. I think it's cute as a bug's ear, as they say down south. It's 3.5 x 4 inches across. It's made to pin to a jacket or sweater and wear like a brooch. But that is not what I plan to do with it. My thought is to affix it to a big hair barrette and wear it with some of my bright spring jackets when I pull my hair into a short, stubby ponytail. I think it will go with that bright star handbag I made a few weeks ago. This one... Whoa......they will see me coming for a mile in all directions! If I like it, I will make a bunch more of them. It looks like it's pretty easy to make. My plan is to use denim and matching fabrics for the bags I've made. And if I don't like it.....well, it was on clearance for only $4.99, so I won't be out much. Thank you all for the kind comments on my last post! I am finding it very rewarding to make bags to match individual outfits. I have not actually used any yet, but they are fun to design and sew. They are not the kind of bags I would take to work, but I think I will have a ball using them for my leisure activities this spring/summer. I was surprised to see a comment from my Mom asking for a bag. Yes, Mother, I would be happy to make you a handbag. Just let me know which color tulip you would like. I can be your personal handbag designer---Look out Louis Vuitton -- Zoey bags may soon be all the rage! Since I am answering questions in this post, I shall answer one more: Yes, Dianne, that umbrella seems to be full size. If anyone makes one of these, please let me know. I would love to see what yours looks like! Of course, if I do make one, I will let you know how it turned out. I ordered a safari print jacket this week. It has not arrived yet, but I printed its picture and began searching my stash to see what I could find to make a coordinating handbag. I found all of this stuff that I think will work--animal print fabric, leather, black bead trim and even a black boa! I just might run that around the top of the bag. I even have handles that are perfect - black and bronze beads. So far I have only been looking for items to use -- I have not even begun to make the bag. I'm still in the mental designing mode. I probably should wait until the jacket arrives before going further. Sometimes the colors are quite different when I get the jacket than they looked on my monitor . So far this week I have made two bags and have all the materials to make #3 and I have not had to go out and buy a single thing! I love using up my stashed items--especially all those handles I bought last fall when Joanne's had a 50% off sale. I have almost used them all up. I hope they have another sale soon! Is this not the cutest, most creative use of an umbrella you've ever seen? It was in this month's issue of Midwest Living along with this watering can creation. I think they are both simply adorable and I will probably be making them soon. In the meantime I am still recycling slightly used jeans into handbags. I made this one with leather accents first: Last night I finished this tulip/denim handbag. Can't you just see this one with denim capris, navy shell and pink jacket? Maybe some denim flip flops with 10 pink-topped toes....Ah, what fun I am having making these to coordinate with the clothes I already own. I hardly ever wear those jean jackets in the first picture...I rarely wear jeans, but I think that may change this year. I am so happy to report that I received my 1 Cent USB cable from Amazon and it works! So now I can get back to blogging on a more regular basis. The cable postage was only $1.56, so I guess you guys were correct in saying they made their profit from the shipping ($7.49). But still it was a reasonable price and I am a happy customer! I am still waiting for the camera cord. I got an email stating that it has shipped, so I am pretty sure it's not a scam. It said it would arrive between Feb. 28 and March 15. March 15! I hope it's not that long. In the meantime, I found a friend's laptop to use to pull up my pics without the cable. I've been cooking a lot. Last Sunday I had an oven full of ribs, baked chicken,blueberry muffins and oven-roasted carrots. There is nothing like an oven roasted carrot--they were like eating candy! All I do is toss with a bit of vegetable oil, salt and pepper and bake in 350 - 400 degree oven. This time I used 350 since that's what the other items needed. I had them on the top shelf before I put the ribs in. We've been eating this food all week. I won't have to cook until Friday night when I have to do fish. No cooking during the week gives me more time to play after work. I made this handbag and am now working on some denim projects. I can't believe that this week is almost over already! Who sells a $40 cable for one cent? Is it just a mistake? My Kodak camera USB cord has a short or something because I have not been able to pull pictures from my camera for the past week. Every time I plug it in, it kills the USB port (and my Internet access) and I have to restart the computer to reset the USB and internet access. I am not sure it's the cable. The camera itself could be toast, That's why I have not been posting. What's a post without a picture? I bought my camera about two years ago at Staples. I went there today and they were no help at all. The young man said they could not order a new cable. What's up with that? I bought it locally instead of online so I could get service. I guess I may as well just buy online. If I can find a cable, they should be able to. After I got home, I googled it and found that Amazon had the USB cable and it was 1 cent. Yes, 1 cent! I thought this must be a mistake, but I ordered it anyway, thinking that if it's really a few dollars more, that's O.K. because I need it. Who would bother to sell something for one cent? It's not even worth typing out the address label for one cent. When I finished the order it indeed came up as one cent + $7.49 Shipping. The total price charged to my credit card was $7.50. Now I am worried that it's some sort of scam. Does Amazon have scams? Do you think I will really get this item? My time has been consumed with getting the piecing of this quilt top finished. It consists of 196 3-inch pieces, which took a lot longer than I anticipated and I cannot find the words to convey my level of happiness to be finished with the piecing! I tossed it over the table to see how it looked with my Valentine flowers. In between sewing bouts, I read blogs, where through the wonder of the Internet, I learned a new skill. Not in a million years would I have thought that I would be surfing the recent updates to quilting blogs and learn how to do this... Yes, I learned how to fold the dangling end of my TP into this lovely little fan. What fun! Now that is worthy of a Domestic Goddess label! :)I can't wait to have company over so I can test out their reaction. . . LOL. I can just hear my burly brother-in-law if he should be lucky guest number 1 (because it's only good for the first person in and then it's gone). You can learn how to do this, too. Just visit this post at Spun Sugar Qults. One afternoon I streamlined my morning jewelry hunt. I was storing all my costume jewelry in the little boxes they came in. The trouble was that I had to open them all to find out what was inside. That wasn't so bad when I only had a few. But as you can see I have amassed quite a collection in the past two years. I did not even remember what I had. Now they are all out of the boxes and into clear bags so I can tell at a glance what there. Now that I have finished the quilt, I hope to be a better blogger. This is just too funny. Posted to More Shat , natch. Click to embiggen. He can always work as a clown for children's parties. From CultureMap.com : Paisley has been buddy-buddy with William Shatner ever since Shatner made a guest appearance in Brad¡¯s ¡°Celebrity¡± music video. In fact, he helped write a song for Has Been, Shatner¡¯s acclaimed album of prose-poems set to music. So when Shatner came to the Nashville Film Festival last year to introduce William Shatner¡¯s Gonzo Ballet, a well-received documentary inspired by Has Been, Brad invited him to spend some time over at the Paisley family farm. ¡°And I¡¯ll tell you one of the strangest things I¡¯ve ever seen,¡± Paisley says. ¡°I came home from the recording studio, and [Shatner] was already over at the house, playing with my two-year-old son in the basement ¡ª with light sabers. I walked in to see my son and Capt. Kirk, dueling with light sabers. I looked over at my wife, and asked: ¡®What the hell kind of bizarre universe have I just walked into here?¡¯¡± As you know, when you can't travel to spend a Major Holiday with your loved ones, it's traditional to call in during the celebration. Shatmoy = Major Holiday, therefore ... well, you do the math. That's right! If you want to be part of the podcast that will be recorded during the Shatmoy party on Saturday, March 27 (more info here ), let us know by adding a comment to this blog entry, a note at the Event page , or email lookathisbutt.gmail.com. Details later but you'll probably need to download Skype (it's free!) Ricky blogged about this today : "I'll be hanging with The Shatmeister." The deets : William Shatner, best known as Star Trek's Captain Kirk, will receive the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2010 Banff World Television Festival. After more than 5 decades in the business, Shatner has continually leveraged his fame to build enduring properties as a director, producer, author, recording artist, screenwriter and spokesperson. A brand unto himself, Shatner¡¯s next project is the recently announced Sh-t My Dad Says, based on the popular Twitter account that¡¯s infamous for quotes like "A parent's only as good as their dumbest kid. If one wins a Nobel Prize but the other gets robbed by a hooker, you failed." Register now to hear from William as he shares thoughts and lessons from his career in an interview open to all Banff World Television Festival delegates. And about Ricky: Known around the world as the creator of The Office and Extras, as well as a renowned comedian and actor, Ricky Gervais has been selected as the winner of this year's Sir Peter Ustinov Comedy Award. "This is probably the greatest honour of my career. Only the Nobel Peace Prize can top this, but I will only accept that in person if the ceremony is held somewhere as beautiful as Banff. I think they Fedex luckily," said Gervais. In addition to accepting the prestigious award, Gervais will share his reflections on his career and achievements in an interview open to Banff World Television Festival attendees. CAN YOU IMAGINE THE BACKSTAGE BANTER? I made this. Episode 123 on MP3 We're going to be appearing at the San Francisco Fringe Festival ! You must attend SHATFEST : May 20, Vine Cinema, Livermore, CA And then there's SHATMOY WITH US March 27 Bill in "Shit My Dad Says" and hundreds of other shows Bill and Liz Taylor WTF? JK reads Brooklyn Knight because Bill told her to We review Pray for the Wildcats (1974) and what Shatner's Toupee has to say Crappy quality video but you can still see basket I don't understand what this is , but Bill's calling himself the Admiral! And there's a picture of Kirk on the home page. Welcome Citizens of the Myouterspace United Planets. The Counsel is now interviewing Industry Credited Producers for Starship Captain Positions. Starship Captains¡¯ and Officers¡¯ responsibilities will be creating an original entertainment project, whether it be a live action film, animation, or stage production; and recruiting talent from the various Planets to become Starship Crew Members, who will be working alongside the Captain on his/her project. The Starship Crew, under the Captain¡¯s leadership, must prepare a fully developed presentation of the Ship¡¯s project, complete with Art, Graphic Design, Characters, Story, Director and Music. The Captain will become Executive Producer, Officers will be Co-Producers, and the Crew will work on the project as Associate Producers. Creative Talent, be sure to register on the planet that hosts your specialty, and you may be selected by a Captain to join his/her Starship Crew. Visitors won't be able to participate on a Starship unless they become a citizen of a United Planet. I will be monitoring all Starship projects, and reviewing each Captain's Log, where progress will be recorded each step of the way. The Captains will seek out new talent on the various Planets and build a winning team. There are six Starships ready to crew-up and develop a dynamic entertainment production, so register now, participate and keep your eyes to the stars, William Shatner  March 2002. It's March, and as such, I am going to pay homage to my little sister, Katie. For some reason beyond my comprehension, my little sister is such a muse to me when I'm making a cake. For example, she inspired this beauty of 2008. March 2008. And last year I designed a cute little button-themed cake that I never got around to actually making. :( She did get a cake, so don't worry about that! She and her winterguard cohorts celebrated with a Publix cake that day. This year, I definitely plan on making her another fabulous cake, since I'll be home for spring break, but I'm digressing... One of my favorite cakes ever was also inspired by and created for Katie: March 2007. Isn't it a beauty? All those different elements... the Royal Icing cauldron, the fondant leprechaun, the hard candy rainbow... If you were wondering, yes, I did make that rainbow all by myself. I made &amp; colored the hard candy all by myself, I melted it in the oven and made a rainbow shape and made a second one just in case this one broke... all on my own. And let me tell you, it was a lot of work! But so, so worth it, right? I can't take all of the credit either... Little sisters aren't good for much... ;) But my little sis has the ability to push my skills and talents past the limit and help me grow as a person... or at least, a cake decorator. So, Katie, this one's for you. For taking me out of my comfort zone and asking for the craziest, wildest cake ideas and believing that I'll actually be able to create them. Love ya, chica! If you noticed, there was recently a poll on the blog about your favorite cupcake flavors. According to TLC Cooking , these are the 10 most popular cupcake flavors: Chocolate &amp; Vanilla-- It's classic, simple, and has something for everyone. Red Velvet-- 'Nuff said Carrot Cake-- Vegetables in cupcake form? Oh yeah. Peanut Butter-- Why didn't I think of this combo?? Lemon-- If life gives you lemons, make lemon cupcakes Chocolate-- a personal favorite Coffee-- One of the few times I love coffee Banana-- I love banana bread but never tried a banana cupcake Pumpkin--&nbsp; one of my favorites Vanilla-- Booooring ;) And according to my blog readers, these are the favorites: Chocolate/vanilla combo-- Surprise! But what do you like better: chocolate icing with vanilla cake, or vanilla icing with chocolate cake? Chocolate with chocolate frosting Vanilla with vanilla frosting-- apparently y'all aren't very adventurous with your favorite cupcakes. Chocolate...vanilla...chocolate...vanilla... But the people have spoken! Strawberry and&nbsp;Red Velvet tied for fourth German Chocolate, Lemon, and Banana are fifth Carrot Cake, Coffee, Coconut, and Peanut Butter all got one vote each for 6th place Mostly I was just curious about what other people think of cupcakes. In my family it's pretty biased: the majority wants a chocolate cupcake, but there are strong contenders for lemon and vanilla. However, depending on how things go, I might put this information to use when (if) I participate as a vendor in my town's annual arts &amp; crafts fair. I want to sell cupcakes, cookies, and cake balls, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to, due to time constraints and the like. I'll be sure to keep y'all posted though! I haven't posted in a while, so I thought I'd share some of my older creations. First up, we have the truck road race cake I made for James' fourth birthday. He's 11 now, so that was seven years ago. (Wow! That was really long ago) What do you think? Has my decorating skills improved since then?? ;) Next up is a haunted house. I think I made this one four or five years ago. I was still learning about piping and coloring icing... so the coloring is a bit off. But those are some awesome ghosts, right?! And finally, the pirate cake. Man, oh man, I remember this cake. I definitely made it three or four years ago, and my blood sugar was screwing up, so I wasn't in my best creative mood. And the icing had little chocolate chips in it, which was way too frustrating. Ta-da! Not too shabby, all things considered. That's all the cake I've got to show off for right now. :-) I applied for some jobs this week, since I have a car now, so send some good wishes and prayers my way! I definitely want to start decorating cakes on a more regular basis. So these are the first ever Superbowl cookies that I ever made, way back in 2007. In '08 I made little footballs In '09 I made footballs and helmets As you can tell, I've come a long way since the Bears played the Colts. &nbsp;I now use Royal Icing instead of buttercream (and the proper consistency of RI) to decorate the cookies, and I found appropriate cookie cutters. If the horse looks a little funny to you, it's because I had to find a picture off the computer and trace that-- I didn't have a horse cookie cutter! (I do now, though, thankfully!) This year, unfortunately, I won't be able to make Superbowl cookies, since I'll be away at school, instead of attending the annual church party like I have the past 3 years. But I hope you enjoyed this little flashback into the past, and enjoy watching the game tomorrow night! (Or, not. I don't even think I'll be watching it, but who knows?) Today, two of my friends told me that they're working on a new project, involving their future career and/or favorite hobby. And I thought, I need a project of my own . So... if anyone could loan me an oven, a few pieces of wood, a jigsaw, an industrial-size mixer, and probably a blowtorch, I'll get to work on it. Or maybe I've just been watching too many episodes of Ace of Cakes? But in all seriousness, I did come up with a cool new cake design which may or may not defy the laws of gravity. It might have to be a summer project though, because it is seriously epic. More details later :D Everything hurts: My back is sore from leaning over. My legs and feet ache from standing up all day. My arms tire from kneading. My clothes and face and new apron are covered in sugar. But I couldn't be happier. I got to bake. And I believe, without a doubt, that baking is the surest way to cure stress. For me at least. There's just something so relaxing about going through the motions of rolling out dough, and thinking on your feet when you can't find an ingredient, solving problems like too-hot ovens, and finding the best creative way to decorate. I can just let go of all of my problems (and let me tell you, last week was problematic for me) and focus on that task in front of me. So thankfully my very good friend Joy took me home to bake with her and Megan and her awesome parents bought cookie mix and let me have run of the kitchen :) It may not have been the weekend I was hoping for, but I have a fresh outlook on life. Especially since there is a tupperware of a couple dozen sugar cookies (decorated with marshmallow fondant ... I actually did a pretty stellar job this time! I don't think anybody ever tells you what a sticky, gross mess it makes at first and how long it takes to knead, but by God, I did it right!) and a popcorn cake in my dorm. Life is good. I would like to sell some of my baked goods (cookies, cake balls, cupcakes, etc) this summer at our city's annual crafts fair. I remember last year I thought about selling crocheted items, but that is a lot of time to invest so I sorta scratched that idea. And I like cookies better anyway. :-) But I don't know what the laws are like in my state (Georgia)... do I need a licensed or commercial kitchen? Or is my home kitchen sufficient? Do I need a permit to sell at this festival? It's just a one-time deal, maybe I'll do it again the next year if it's a success. So if you know the answers or where I can find information, I would love to hear your thoughts. Thanks!!! XOXO, Kelsie Ta-Da! Here are the finished cupcakes that I alluded to yesterday, and they are all in their entirety (unlike yesterday, when I started eating the gingerbread man before I took a picture). Oh, wait. That guy in front looks a little crippled. &nbsp;Well, to be fair, they are irresistibly yummy. I started out with a box of turtle brownie mix that my grandma gave me, and a sleeve of 500 Christmas cupcake liners. And so, the idea of brownies that look like cupcakes was born! Plus, it was a snow day, and I was stuck inside because of the below freezing weather and icy road conditions. Be warned, though, that the brownies stuck to the cupcake liners. Maybe it was the caramel? Or maybe I should've sprayed Pam on them first? I'm really not sure about that odd phenomenon, but if you have any ideas, let me know so I can improve next time. Then, since I had this really cute idea in my head about snowflake sprinkles and tiny gingerbread men, I wanted to decorate them... You can't really tell, but that's a 2-foot piping bag I've got in my hands. When I decided I needed a bigger bag to ice cupcakes with, I figured I'd just go with the biggest size available. Well... maybe an 18" bag would've done the job just as nicely, but without being quite so intimidating. Then came the sprinkles... And finally, the finished product! And many thanks to Sarah, who helped me out and decorated some of these cute little guys with me! I must warn you, though, that these are really sweet and rich. I think a normal chocolate cupcake would fare better with all the decorations, and leave the brownie cupcakes to stand on their own merit, with maybe a small swirl of fudge icing for garnish.  Hi there!&nbsp; I'm doing a sweet little giveaway on the Inkling Paper blog this week for one of my Limited Edition {Inspired By} Palm Springs Packaging Kits ! The kit includes: (5) small white paper bags (1) medium white box (1) small white box (2) yards ribbon, white (2) yards ribbon, green (2) yards ribbon, yellow (5) yards cotton twine, yellow (5) yards cotton twine, turquoise (5) yards cotton twine, white (5) buttons (2) tiny white merchandise tags (2) 1.5" round flamingo tags (2) 1.5" round metallic turquoise tags (2) 1" x 5" barrel cactus tags &nbsp; All the details can be found right here !&nbsp; Good luck! Inkling Paper: blog , shop , poppytalk handmade gallery We've been experimenting with different surfaces to print on. I love the way screen-printing looks on cotton. These are up in the shop . Young Bull Cloth Bags Young Bull Onesie Golden Egg Easter Gift Bags HUMUNUKU SHOPPE hello! my etsy shop is turning 2 this week and i'm celebrating with a print sale. the details: buy 1 print, get 1 free until march 13. {2nd print equal value or less}. gretchenmist: etsy shop , print section :: blog :: poppytalk handmade table happy mid-week, belinda Hi there. I'm popping in here to let you know that I'm having a great giveaway this week that includes one of my hand-printed journals and a set of six mix and match linen napkins from my new collection. The giveaway also includes my favorite new gardening book just in time for Spring. All the details are Right Here . Good luck! Inklore: blog , website , poppytalkhandmade table Ask me anything http://formspring.me/satsumapress &nbsp; &nbsp; The presence of art in everyday life, sunshine, the lightness of Mediterranean living and the beauty of watching kids discover the world around them. Trulakids Shop Trulakids Blog Humunuku Shoppe Items in the new issue of The World on Cheese Culture . Lot of farm animal goodies in the here . & the je t'aime giveaway winners here . HUMUNUKU SHOPPE Almost a year ago today, I was told I had less than a year to live. After two months of deteriorating health, unsure diagnosis, wrong diagnosis's, different medications, and a mind full of questionable thoughts I was told what I feared the most. I didn¡¯t cry that day, or the next. I accepted my fate and I remember just trying to show everyone in my life that it was okay. I came to really realize what the meaning, ¡®everything in life happens for a reason¡¯ truly meant. I figured that there was nothing but hard times to come and honestly I was okay with that. This past year has been difficult in many different aspects. I¡¯ve watched my family and loved ones cry with tears of sorrow and tears of joy. I¡¯ve had breathing tubes put in and taken out. I¡¯ve struggled with learning to walk again, and being able to hear my own voice after four weeks of being unable to speak. I know that the ups and downs I faced last summer are never going to even compare to the things I¡¯m going to encounter in the future because nothing was that difficult. If I were to experience this again, I would accept it as I did the first time around. Despite the hardships that came with what happened, I was surrounded by loved ones every single day. And if things were to happen differently, if things were to be worse, then that would be fine because I can¡¯t change what¡¯s already going to happen. The only things I can change are my attitude about it, and make the most out of what was to come. To be honest I never thought I would have had such a great turnaround. I remember thinking in the hospital that there wasn¡¯t anything I could do, but when things started to look better, when I was still able to lift my left hand up, when I was starting to regain a little strength I knew I couldn¡¯t waste it. I knew that I had to keep trying, keep fighting, and keep doing my best to get past whatever it was that was holding me back. Even to this day despite multiple doctors¡¯ visits, MRIs, cardio appointments, etc, the doctors are still unsure of what exactly happened to me. They think it¡¯s an isolated case, a onetime occurrence, but they said they couldn¡¯t say that for certain. All I know is that without the love and support of the people around me, the people I don¡¯t know, the amazing hospital staff at Children¡¯s (21 is the age limit there! Aha!) I wouldn¡¯t be where I am today. You all made me keep fighting, you all gave me the strength I needed to push myself, your support kept me from giving up in the moments where that¡¯s all I wanted to do. So thank you for your thoughts, for your prayers, and for just showing me love in the time where I needed it the most. And I hope that you all know I appreciate everything you¡¯ve all done, and I care about each and every one of you (even if I don¡¯t know you, or we don¡¯t speak anymore). I wish you all the best, and I will keep doing my best to make a difference in this world and to show you all that your thoughts weren¡¯t wasted. Hi everyone, I haven't updated this blog much lately on account of there isn't any news for me to share with you all in regards to my health, plus I update my personal blog. Other than the good news of my life has returned to normal, and whatever in my brain has been shrinking, there isn't much for me to add. I have a math final tommorow, and this quarter is pretty much over and done with. Also been working around 4 days a week. Been saving up money for my big trip. I thought you might all want to see the MRI's I had done, these are just two. My first one ever taken, and the circled red area is actually the inflammation (what I shall refer to it as) its' really big that's why the doctors were so insistant that it was a tumor. This was taken in June of 2008. This second picture is a different angle, and the circled area is the spot/what's left of the inflammation. It's pretty much smaller than a pea, which is great news. This picture was taken October 2008. A very big change in 5-6 months. I just wanted to say thank yuo all again for everything, and for keeping me in your prayers. Also I cut off about 3-4 inches of my hair yesterday, so here's what I look like as of right now! Maybe I should upload a video of me doing a strenous exercise or something to show you guys my progress! First of all, I feel exteremy lucky and blessed to able to share good, no great news with you all. It's almost as if I've been given another chance to make the most out of my life. God has blessed me with great people, and a challenge, that I am overcoming. Today I went to Childrens to get the results of my MRI from last week. The neurologist told me that they still don't have a clear idea of what it is, or what made it occur. The tests they sent out over the summer with my blood, etc all came back negative/normal. So that's a pretty good sign. Then she showed me pictures of my brain. She showed me the original MRI picture from back in August which showed a very large white spot in my medula, and then she showed me the picture from last week's MRI, and the white spot seems to almost be gone now. Which means that my brain is getting back to normal (the color), and it's only got a very little spot of gray/white left. So everything is getting better, and they want to keep me on surveilance for awhile. My next MRI is going to be in January before my trip, and then after that I only need to get an MRI every 6 months, so things are going good! Also on another note I recently came into news in regards to some people that I do not know. And it's really sad because sometimes its so hard to believe that some people are so unhappy to the point where they need to end their own lives. I know people suffer, and people hurt but I just wish people didn't hurt to that point, that extent. Life is so precious and we're all only given one. Maybe someone had a bad day, maybe someone had a lot of bad days, maybe it was just a fluke. I don't know, what I do know is that we all have the power to make other people feel better about their situations, whether it be by offering a smile, giving wave, being courteous, or even holding a door. We all have the power to do something and to brighten someones day, so we should. Why let people suffer quietly? Why let people harbor pain? Why let people think that no one cares when we do? This whole sitaution has changed my outlook on life, and the values of family and friends. There's never a moment now where I don't want to do something for other people, and it's not because oh 'I should', it's because I want to. And I hope you all want to bring happiness to others, even if you don't know them. Sometimes all they need is one person to show them that things can be okay, and that strangers care. You've all shown me you care and for that I am eternaly thankful, without it I don't know where I would be. For the past two or so weeks I've been having headaches, they're not bad headaches, nor do they hurt. They're just annoying, and on the same side of my head every time. So my follow up MRI and Neurology appointment isn't until November 17 and 18, however I saw my doctor on Tuesday and she made a call and I had an MRI this morning at 7:15...Which was very early, especially for me. I had to leave at 6 am! But the MRI went well, and I'm just waiting to hear from Neurology in regards to how the scan/my brain looks. I hope that things continue to improve for me, and apart of me knows things will, things always get better. But if they don't, then that's okay too, becasue everything happens for a reason. I'm not scared or worried in regards to any of this business going on, I'm just trying to make the most out of everything in my life at this point. School's not bad, but doing a full load online sure is not that fun! I started working again too, 4 days a week, it's not bad either. I need something to keep me busy. My friends have been great, hanging out, treating me like I'm normal again. Which I'd like to think I am, other than the fact that I have to take heart medication. I feel like things are normal for me again, and I feel my old life habits resurfacing. Althoguh some are difficult to ignore, others aren't. I still am striving towrads a better life, etc. And today I realzied what one of my possible careers is/will be. I have a few, but this one I really want to see out. I'll update once I get the results of my MRI. Thank you for checking this blog, and for praying for me. I cannot stress enough how much I appreciate everything you have all done for me. The world needs more people like this. Also dont' forget to vote! Hey all, Some news for you, (finally an update) I had a cardiology appointment a week or two ago, and they said that basically I'm giong to have to stasy on my heart medication. I had a few episodes when I was in the hospital where my heart would beat up to 200 bpm. So anyway my heart still does a fast beat sometimes out of nowhere but not anywhere near as bad, almost like i went for a run and its beating, trying to slow down. I had a followup appointment wtih the whole rehab team today, and basically i'm doing really good. my strength's come back, etc. They even told me that they hadn't ever seen such a big turnaround ever. So my appointment went well, and i'm basically cleared for driving/traveling. Even though I started driving again a few weeks ago aha! I have a followup with Neurology in November and another MRI in November, and hopefully it shows another improvement! On another note, tommorow is my last day of Physical Therapy! :) Thank you all for the continued prayers. Sorry for the delay, it's hard to come up with things to say especially when your days consist of physical therapy, exercises, and hanging out. I thought it would be boring and repetitive to tell you all the same thing, over and over again. Anyways I've got a slew of doctors appointments coming up in the next few weeks, (probably something I mentioned before). Things are going well for me, I'm still trying to do my best. I find myself growing snappier at my family over little things, and I'm trying to stop that because it's uneccesary. And besides a happy wennie is a better wennie! :) On to some intresting news! I finally got my new tattoo yesterday, I was stuck between two choices. The first was the word 'rescued' because I feel like everything that happened to me in a way saved my life. I mean it sounds stupid, but apart of me really feels as if this was supposed to happen. Almost like the life I was living before just wasn't good enough, and this thing that happeend to me, forced me to accept things that I didn't want to or could accept before, forced me to push harder, forced me to just be better, to live better. That's why I feel like this thing that happened inside of my brain rescued me, it rescued me from my own life. I don't care if people think it's stupid, or dumb because it's got meaning to me and that's all that matters. It's a reminder of what happened, and what I need and should strive towards. It's also on my right arm because 1) I've already got a tattoo on my left side and 2) its right under where they give me my IV's for my MRI's (just another reminder that I've still gotta keep pushing and giong). I'll try to come up with more intresting things to tell you guys, therapy is going well and the strength is returning and almost equal at least in my legs. I think it's almost the same in my arms too! I feel like my health is improving, and I'm putting on weight! Below is a picture of my new ink. Thank you for your continued prayers and good thoughts! I will do my best to update more frequently! Hi everyone, I've been home for almost two weeks now and things are going very well. The tingling and numbness I felt before I entered the hospital have gone, and I feel my body becoming normal again (back to what it used to). I still do physical therapy and I'm diong it three times a week, and after next week it'll be reduced down to two times a week. I'm able to sprint now and squat down, which dosen't seem like much but for me it's a big improvement. I remember the first time I tried to squat down I fell, also the pain in my legs is gone when I walk so it's easier for me now to be walking a lot. I have another followup in two months for my MRI, and a cardiology appointment in the next few weeks to see if I need to stay on my heart medicine, and a follow up with the rehab doctors (all my therapists too!) at the end of september to make sure i'm on track. I plan on doing a full course load at school this quarter, joining a gym, working on my business, and getting a job as a mentor at a non-profit clinic. Things are looking up and I'm pretty happy. Below is a picture I put together from my time in the hospital to show yuo all the differences. Thank you all again for everything yuo've done for me, and for praying for me and keeping me in yuor thoughts. I'm home! I've been home since yesterday and it's so nice to be back again. Things have been going pretty well here, I start physical therapy at Olympic on Tuesday for 3 days a week, my previous PT therapist only thinks I need it for a month so hopefuly its only that long! No traveling at least until January but that's okay, I decided not to drop out of school and continue to do a full load this fall all online though! The doctors still are unsure of my diagnosis. I had an MRI yesterday and it showed another slight improvement. My next one is scheduled for two months from now, which is when my follow up appointment is. Hopefully things continue to progress at this rate. :) Thank you all again for everything you've done for me! Slickly produced programs were provided on chairs, but it was too dark for ad broads to read, even by the light of their iphones. So I had no idea that Ad Broad was a finalist. Honestly, hadn't seriously considered that a blogspotter who can't speak a speck of html could be thought of as a "hero of the internet." Halfway through the ceremony, my companion and housing host announced she wasn't well (maybe the chicken-fried chicken?) and I drove her home. What a thrill to receive news (via twitter of course) that Ad Broad won in the Advertising blog category.Congrats to all winners including Deep Focus, Firstborn, RGA and others. Lucky for us and appropriate to the category that prizes are items more practical than dust-gathering engraved statuettes: flash drives.  Thanks to you who kindly voted on this proposed panel last Fall, I'm on my way to Austin where @BettyDraper will be presenting a session on Brand Fiction: what the heck is it? What can it do for your brand? How to integrate it into current marketing efforts? It's been recommended as a top SXSW panel for business and highlighted in SXSWorld and by the sharp folks at Razorfish. If you're putting your SXSW schedule together, hope you'll consider joining @Roger_Sterling (Michael Bissell) and me at 3:30 on Saturday for "Rules of Brand Fiction from Twittering Mad Men." A little fun before happy hour! Brilliant marketing move for two companies: the newest line of Barbies will include men-Mad Men. According to the New York Times today Some gorgeous flower pcs made by Rita Saardi as a premise of beautiful dancers wearing silk dresses for Peter Copping / Nina Ricci. I had blogged about Rita's beautiful work in a previous post here . This talented budding fashion designer (who is definitely going places) was recently invited by the house of Nina Ricci to collaborate with head designer Peter Copping for the Fall 2011 show. You can follow this exciting adventure with her on her blog here . You go girl! x Designed by Georg Bohle , this cool oak dining table neatly conceals an electric piano. Just lift up on the wooden tablet cut into one edge and you are ready to dazzle your dinner guests (via cribcandy ). I am so fantasizing about being living in a house like this. I love everything about it, everthing down to the pirate flag. (photography by Anitta Behrendt ) I simply love these dino wallpaper by Paperboy , the wallpaper specialists for boys. Would be lovely if they also had the decal versions of this of these dinosaurs! Available here ! I love these vintage lamps by Kathleen Hills. The vintage glass shades have been sourced by Kathleen and given a contemporary twist. I think thse beautiful hanging lights will add just the right touch of soft vintage style to any bedroom. I love the simple and modern look of these chairs by American designer Von Tundra . Built with domestic white oak, these chairs (named the prairie chair) are inspired by reductive modernism and the farmer-made furniture of the American Midwest. Designed by Elding Oscarson, the interior walls of this graphic design office in Stockholm are made up of literally thousands of magazines. I like how this original idea for a wallpaper reflects on the business of the graphic design company. Simple yet stunning! This grass green carpet is a perfect present for any football fan (young or old) and is designed by Karin Mannerst?l. Karin is a multi-talented designer who is working with many different materials and media. She has, among other things, designed things for IKEA of Sweden. Available here  Post note: Little bunny died about three hours after I brought him in house. I'm sure the stress was just too much for him. He seemed to be picking up some speed at one point. It is all for the better. He was warm and cared for. I found a wounded bunny near a hay pile I was moving by the lamb stalls this morning. He had tucked himself into the safest spot he could, and squeaked when I was near by. His hind leg has a puncture wound, through to the bone. He's alive, but I've had my Dr. Quinn episodes with bunnies, wildlife doesn't fare well with human interference even when well intended. I imagine a cat got him. I iodined it after saline bath. He is more alert than when I found him, and I have him at my desk safe from puppies and wandering felines. Not sure if he will make it. He'll die attended though, although the sounds of the dogs playing is probably not helping. He is calm when held. The wandering array of life continues, as does pending death. These little episodes are not meant to distress, but to remind us of the bigger picture. Life is temporary, and can be snapped away in a bite by man or beast. The conflict of having compassion for but raising livestock to sustain me, the conflict of helping a bunny that eats my food...intertwined. Lilly had her lambs last night. She finally started labor around six p.m. and we came to the barn a few times to find her still in pre labor. This early morning we arrived to find lambs, two beauties. The male is very large, and already eating a little grass this usually doesn't happen for a few days or more.] The girl is this wonderful strawberry blonde. Sadly, on my second trip to the barn, she had torn her eyelid on a piece of the lambing pen - I treated with saline and antibiotic and think it will heal fine. Lilly is one of our work horse sheep - always calm, and stoic. She's a big girl who throws strong lambs. I was concerned she had held out this long, as we never have lambs past 3/12...and of course my over active imagination drummed up all sorts of possibilities. I tortured myself by re-reading my sheep books about possible causes, and lay in bed last night with visions of Lilly lying in breach birth trauma...but I guess Mlle. Nature just wasn't ready to pop those two out, and they arrived very mature - with ears already standing by morning. Normally I wait at least one day to put mom and lambs out, but it's sunny and warm, and Lilly is an old pro. It's less stressful than being separated from the flock. They develop so much faster - I find - when they can go outside. I want to thank all the nice thoughts people held for us this season- I have to say, I feel like a boulder has been lifted off my chest. The trauma of last year really made a mark on me, and Martyn, and it showed this season. We lost the stillborn girl, and I still fret about the surviving twin's rattle, but all in all, we are pleased. And relieved. As the last ewe to lamb, Lilly rests, and waits. And one of Audrey's boys catches some sunny zzzzz's. On what most likely was a chilly March 10th in 1958, in a hospital room at St. Mary's in Rochester, Minnesota, I came bolting into the world at precisely 10:18 PM. And so begins the story which over the years has reached mythical proportions- how I almost killed my mother on my birthday. Perhaps it is one reason I chose to never have children - my own mother terrified the heck out of me with my own birth story. In all seriousness, my mother did almost bleed to death, and I have this scar she likes to point out on my forehead from the momentous occasion. Supposedly my father looked pale and upset when he saw me because I was pink and red and lobster like, where as my brother came out a year earlier looking like JFK - seriously, for years my mother compared my brother's looks to JFK. I was compared to a lobster. And hours before I barged out of the womb, my father had been called to the morgue, where his 57 year old mother lay dead, of a heart attack, diabetes related. Her untimely death led me to receive her name, Katherine, instead of Bridgette which my mother had picked out. I cant imagine being named Bridgette, although as a child I liked to tell this story, since Bridgette Bardot was all the rage, and as a chubby little redhead, I thought BB was quite the cat's pajamas. So I can only imagine the yin and yang and surreal quality of that cold March night for my father. I wonder if there were things that brought it all back to him as he aged. Did the sound of heels on a linoleum floor late at night bring back a sensation of the events he dealt with that night? As I get older, 52 years older to be exact, I can understand how this moment is burned into my mother, or father, in some kind of post traumatic stress way. But being true Minnesotans, we carried on, and every year, my mother made me one of my favorite layer cakes- at the time it was white cake with pink butter frosting. In time, my tastes changed to German chocolate, or her white cake with chocolate frosting. I still have the same recipe cards she hand wrote so many years ago, all spotted with vanilla stains. While I appreciate that I was born, I am not one of the people out there saying that birth is beautiful. In fact, I couldn't disagree more. It's an intimate moment of a mother creature being out of control of her body. Miraculous, yes, but not beautiful. I get just about as much birth as I need on the farm, thank you very much , and all the blood, after birth and vaginal prolapses that come with it. I think birth is traumatic, terrifying, bloody and completely chaotic. It's a mess. In fact, it makes no sense. A creature pushed out of a keyhole - that's not beautiful, it's bizarre. It's a miracle, but it's not beautiful. But it's the only way to get a foot in the door, isn't it? Staying in a womb all your life would be safe, and warm, and inexpensive - no taxes, no maniacs on the radio shouting at you. But there would be no grand entrance, no kisses, no pie made with the first strawberries, no front row seats to Neil Young. No puppies. No showers on a hot day. No hand to hold when a father dies and no little mouths to feed when a mother dies. No matter what creatures come into your life, mothering is the beautiful part of birth. That some one would go through that trauma to give another creature a way to get their foot in the door of this big, messy place called life. The winds have come in, it's bone chilling. All day I was carried back to a place I liked to hide when I was little, a grove of sumac bushes out behind our house. Alone, I felt protected, but spooked at the same time. Rushing back to the house, I'd hear the wind blowing buckets and roof tops, and it felt scary like the Wizard of Oz. But home was warm, there was homemade cake even on my non birthday. It wasn't messy. It's like that today - the sounds of the barn roof rattling in the wind are spooky, but I feel safe in the barn, surrounded by my mothering ewes. Together with my flock, I experienced the trauma of last year's lambing, and just like my mother did after my birth, I carry that trauma with me in a little surface wound, in danger of getting reopened if I bump it just right. I realized it's my very own birth story, and it's required if one expects to find a sense of place in this messy world. March 10, Post Note: Daisy presented my with two healthy lambs this morning, a perfect way to start my birthday. They've made it 8 hours...we'll hope they do well tonight. They appear okay. I saw some tail wiggling while at the udder [ asign they are getting milk]. When I saw these pictures, I was quite amused at their expressions. Amazing how they adapt. We are grateful for the sun and warmer weather, to help our lambing week along. These are Fern's lambs, now one week old. We had hoped more of the girls would lamb this weekend - perfect weather. I knew everyone of the 5 ewes was ready to pop, but I like to keep them up and atom until they really go down into labor. The new mothers can surprise you though - I once had a new mom waddling casually back to the barn with her baby half way out. So last night I was pretty sure Nelly Moser would lamb. And she did. I have been somewhat concerned about what type of mother Nelly would be- of all our sheep she is somewhat flighty. Arriving at the barn, there she was with two fresh lambs, probably born around 8 am. But she wasn't caring to them very proficiently- she wasn't licking them or chortling much. One was quite dopey looking and chilled, not a good sign. I checked her udder and she had milk, and both ram lambs did suck on my finger, another good sign. I opted not to tube them [a procedure where you insert a stomach tube and force feed], and gave him milk from my finger instead. I decided to take them outside since it is sunny and much warmer outside than the cool barn. Nelly was just a bit clueless, but she's adapting. She is chortling more, and can get them to the udder, but she's not as good as the pros at helping them 'get it". She did not dry them off well either, and I had to step in and help. Within a half hour, I had them warmed up, thanks to the towel and the sun. We will just have to watch them and see. In the last 3 hours, I think both mother and lambs are adjusting to the newness of everything. And the other girls wait...here's Lilly, who I'm sure will go soon. In fact, they are all showing signs of pending labor. The rules of this game are simple: wait...watch...then run with all your heart to where ever the guy in front of you runs. I've just got back from the hairdresser's, and talking to you. I left at 5.00, and have just got back. I don't know whether I should feel ridiculous or relieved. Maybe (and you know who you are) you'll email and let me know. 1 January 2010 From John O'Donohue (1956-2008), a blessing for your New Year: Beannacht ("Blessing") On the day when the weight deadens on your shoulders and you stumble, may the clay dance to balance you. And when your eyes freeze behind the grey window and the ghost of loss gets in to you, may a flock of colours, indigo, red, green, and azure blue come to awaken in you a meadow of delight. When the canvas frays in the currach of thought and a stain of ocean blackens beneath you, may there come across the waters a path of yellow moonlight to bring you safely home. May the nourishment of the earth be yours, may the clarity of light be yours, may the fluency of the ocean be yours, may the protection of the ancestors be yours. And so may a slow wind work these words of love around you, an invisible cloak to mind your life. Sorry haven't been here for a while. Trying to go forwards...Hope you are all well and using up the last of the year well. During the week I got onto a tube in London feeling very tired and despondent, as you often do cramming onto a tube at rush hour, and without a book to read I stared up at the adverts and amongst them was this poem. It is called 'Prayer' and was almost in answer to one in that moment, and was so lovely I thought I'd put it here. I hope you think so too... PRAYER - Carol anne Duffey Some days, although we cannot pray, a prayer utters itself. So a woman will lift her head from the sieve of her hands and stare at the minims sung by a tree, a sudden gift. Some nights, although we are faithless, the truth enters our hearts, that small familiar pain; then a man will stand stock-still, hearing his youth in the distant Latin chanting of a train. Pray for us now. Grade 1 piano scales console the lodger looking out across a Midlands town. Then dusk, and someone calls a child's name as though they named their loss. Darkness outside. Inside the radio's prayer - Rockall. Malin. Dogger. Finisterre Not sure why, but this poem seems appropriate today. Sonnet to Orpheus Oh you gentle ones, every once in a while step into the breath that is indifferent to you, let it be parted on your cheeks, behind you it trembles, reunited. Oh you blessed ones, oh you whole ones, you who seem to be the beginning of the hearts. Bow of arrows and target of arrows, your smile beams eternally with tears. Do not fear to suffer the heaviness, give it back to earth's weight: heavy are the mountains. Heavy are the oceans. Even what you planted as children, the trees, have long become too heavy; you could not carry them. But the breezes... but the spaces... Psalm 91 for my sins, this for pleasure. I wish I had written it... To An English Friend In Africa ¡ª Ben Okri Be grateful for the freedom to see other dreams. Bless your loneliness as much as you drank of your former companionships. All that you are experiencing now, will become moods of future joys. So bless it all. Do not think your way superior to another's. Do not venture to judge, but see things with fresh and open eyes. Do not condemn, but praise when you can, and when you can't, be silent. Time now is a gift for you. A gift of freedom to think and remember and understand the ever perplexing past and to recreate yourself anew in order to transform time. Live while you are alive. Learn the ways of silence and wisdom. Learn to act, learn a new speech. Learn to be what you are in the seed of your spirit. Learn to free yourself from all the things that have moulded you and which limit your secret and undiscovered road. Remember that all things which happen to you are raw materials. Endlessly fertile. Endlessly yielding of thoughts that could change your life and go on doing so forever. Never forget to pray and be thankful for all things good or bad on the rich road; for everything is changeable so long as you live while you are alive. Fear not, but be full of light and love. Fear not, but be alert and receptive. Fear not, but act decisively when you should. Fear not, but know when to stop. Fear not, for you are loved by me. Fear not, for death is not the real terror, but life magically is. Be joyful in your silence, be strong in your patience. Do not try to wrestle with the universe, but be sometimes like water or air, sometimes like fire, and constant like the earth. Live slowly, think slowly, for time is a mystery. Never forget that love requires always that you be the greatest person you are capable of being, self-regenerating and strong and gentle--your own hero and star. Love demands the best in us. To always and in time oversome the worst and lowest in our souls. Love the world wisely. It is love alone that is the greatest weapon and the deepest and hardest secret. So fear not, my friend. The darkness is gentler than you think. Be grateful for the manifold, dreams of creation, and the many ways of the unnumbered peoples. Be grateful for life as you live it. And may a wonderful light always guide you on the unfolding road. Today it was the smell of lilacs that got me. I turned a corner, on a road I'd never walked down before, quite close to home, and bang... There I was a child of seven or eight again, dragging her feet on the way to the big houses under the railway bridge, where on some Sunday mornings, a tiny lady who lived in one of them sold us rhubarb, and bunches of mint for potatoes. Delicious smells...but before we got to them, we walked with our huge bundles of rhubarb along a crescent-shaped road that was full of (what I now know to be) lilacs, and the smell cleared everything else from your mind. For a while, everything...One of the saving graces of childhood. To this day I love lilac - the colour, the smell, the look of them...and of course the way they make my mouth water for rhubarb crumble. I am at a writing course this weekend, given by the legendary Robert McKee ¡ª the Los Angeles writer of the book STORY. He is an amazing teacher. I did the London course 2 years ago too, and read his book (a month or so before my own book came out), but it has taken all this time to absorb what he had to say on the level it needed to be known at; I feel like I am finally mastering story, and all that instinctive way of writing is being tamed by proper plotting and structure. I am really excited that bits of the craft are finally slipping over from right to left brain; very excited... But as he says in his book, no matter how much you think you've got it sussed, you can't do it properly until you have actually done it! Here's something I re-read from his book last night, and which has stayed in my head all day. It's commonplace but something that really hit home...He says, once you've mastered the rules of story and the conventions of the genre you have chosen to write in, put away the rules and "Write only what you believe. Write your kind of story. The kind of story you¡¯d stand in line in the rain to buy." What fantastic advice... '...the kind of book you'd stand in line in the rain to buy." (well, actually he says "...the kind of film you'd stand in line in the rain to watch." because his course is also for screenwriters, but it's relevant for all forms. Just a word of warning if anyone is thinking of going to his next course (and he does them in countries around the world)...Two years ago I got lambasted by him because my phone went off during the first day of the 3 day course, when he had forbidden us to have phones on in the auditorium. He fined me ¡ê10, the total sum of money I had on me for lunch, but he made me hand it over. (To this day I swear I don't know how my phone switched on, as I'm convinced I turned it off...). I was emotionally raw because my book was about to come out, plus all that ugly stuff that was going around about me at the time, false and malicious though it all was, had finally got to me, and so the emotion his 'telling off' brought about almost knocked me for six. I wouldn't have believed it possible to feel that much over 'relatively' so little...I must have been holding all that emotion in for all that time waiting for my book to finally go public, and there in that lecture theatre I almost went into meltdown. I had shut myself down over the years, especially all those months that I was living in the car, and almost never cried anymore, about anything.... But during the 3 days of the course, I couldn't stop. I just couldn't hold back the tears, and in fact it got so bad, that on the afternoon of the last day, as we all settled down for the screening of Casablanca, I had to leave. The crying was silent of course, or as much as I could make it, but it felt like a hand had passed into my chest and was squeezing my heart over and over again, big fist-sized handfuls of it, kneading it over and over like dough, and I almost couldn't see for the tears, or breathe for the pain of it. And although no one else in the lecture theatre seemed to notice (who doesn't cry at Casablanca?) it felt like somehow he knew...I don't know how, but it felt like he did...and as he passed behind my seat as he briefly left the theatre for a few minutes while we continued to watch Casablanca, he slowed down and seemed to look directly at me and tears were just streaming down... He must have thought I was mad...having a slight overreaction anyhow...I think he recognises me this time too. Maybe I am just imagining that, but... Anyhow, this year I have been smart enough to leave my phone behind ¡ª for that read, so terrified of it happening again that I didn't dare bring it along...The man's a genius, but you don't want to see his dark side...So be warned, if any of you decide to go to his next course, and I would absolutely recommend it, switch your phones off! You have been warned... I'm sitting here typing this under blue skies. The busy city street below my window is full of the smell of warm blossom and, now and then, when there is the occasional lull in traffic and all you hear is the slow swish of trees from neighbouring gardens and the call of birds in flight, you can close your eyes and think yourself almost anywhere. I love days like today.  I'm on the train as I type heading to Chicago on my way to meet up with Betsy Greer for programing at Columbia College this afternoon. It's so easy to forget that Milwaukee is only 1.5 hours away from Chicago, even after 9 years of living here it slips my mind. I can't wait to catch up with Betsy, I can't remember the last time we saw each other...But I think it was at the Portland premier of Handmade Nation last Spring. Man a year sure goes by quick. East coast peeps tell your friends that on Monday evening (March 8th) I'll be doing a screening at Syracuse University in the Watson Auditorium at 5:15pm, FREE &amp; open to the public. Have a good weekend everyone! I'm at my hotel in Baltimore . Just had a great screening at MICA that was full of really great folks. Tomorrow I head back to Milwaukee (fingers crossed the weather stays on my side) until next Thursday. In international news I just received a pdf from Vida Simples Magazine who did an article on DIY featuring the picture of Knitta &amp; Happy Owl Glassworks from Handmade Nation the book and also Sabrina's book Knit Knit . AND AND AND I got my tickets for my trip to Scotland this June where I will be doing screenings and workshops in Aberdeen and Dundee ! I am SO excited, I've never been to Scotland and can not wait to soak it in. Next Thursday I will be on a train to Chicago to the Cultural Studies Colloquium at Columbia College Chicago with my friend and colleague Betsy Greer . The programing starts at 3:30 with a screening of Handmade Nation and lecture by Betsy. It's free and open to the public. I'm off to slumber land, the wind here in Baltimore is howling louder then hounds. Quite down wind, this lady is sleepy. Well, it was official before but now with a new blog , twitter, flickr and facebook fan page it's the real deal. I start shooting with my co-director Sam Macon the end of March for the Sign Painter Movie . For those of you who are interested you can now download Handmade Nation from Amazon.com I haven't tried it, but here it is: I will be hitting the road again on Thursday jumping a flight West to San Francisco. I am staying with the lovely Lisa Congdon and will be screening in Oakland at Rock! Paper! Scissor! this Friday at 7pm. Do pass the word on and hope to see you soon! Part of my job is to stay on top of what's new and exciting going on within the creative world. I have found this to become more and more difficult as I struggle to keep up with Handmade Nation and the amazing opportunities that have come out of making the documentary, including the immense travel schedule that has become a part of my life. There is just so much out there, you know? So many of you are making exciting new things and documenting them in such beautiful ways. So my question is, where is the time in my day/week/month to read all of your blogs, ingest all your amazing lifestyles and inspiration? I mean, it's not like I'm out of touch at all, it's just that there is so much more than I can wrap my brain around. With this said, a few weeks ago Jan from Poppytalk (one of my favorite reliable blogs) got in touch as asked me to be a juror along with some other amazing ladies for her new awards she set up called " The Poppies ". Of course I said yes. The thing is, I often say yes to things I don't have time for but really want to do and per usual, I didn't think about the time involved with going through what ended up being 100's of links of those who were nominated for the categories. As a juror we were asked to pick 3 out of each category. Each category had anywhere from 20-50 nominations. There were so many amazing things and people who I hadn't seen before, it was really difficult to stay focused while clicking through all the nominee's. I had to develop a system so I could narrow it down a bit, so I made lists for each category of my favorite picks to then pick 3 from. The entire point of this post is to share with you my lists I made. I think there was so much talent showcased for the Poppies and if you want to see the jury choice winners go here. and the people's choice winners go here . Below are my "working" lists from when I was in the zone of going through 100's of blogs, shops and sites. I got really inspired &amp; hope you do too. Unfortunately I used my "stickies" to save my lists and they didn't save the hyperlinks, but I have linked each category to it's page so just scroll down once on each page and peep away! Favourite Ceramics Alyssa Ettinger .com Amy Misle Ayumi Horie Bailey Doesn't Bark Cam Fisher Dahlhaus Ceramics Diana Fayt Julie Moon kg &amp; ab Up in the Air Somewhere Favourite Vintage Shop bellalulu Dear Golden Vintage Every Eskimo Hindsvik Junk Culture Little Byrd Vintage Shaving Kit Suppplies solsticehome Spacejam's Vintage Sweetshorn Vintage The Bucket tree The Sunday Times Market Three Potato Four Trampoline Vintage Jane Favourite Jewelry Part 1 (A - K) Alisa Miller Ash Hilton Barbara Macleod bettula Cursive Design Erica Weiner Figs and Ginger For Me, For You happy owl glass Hibou Caillou Chou Favourite Jewelry Part 2 (L -Z) Lauren Haupt Jewelry LilaRubyKing Maranon Margaux Lange My Sunset Road Noemiah Odette Petit Plat Rapt in Maille Serena Kojimoto Design Skylark Studio Smashing Yoola Favourite Photographer Abby Try Again Cameron Wittig Cassia Beck city lights photography dustin parr Emma Bradshaw Fine Little Day Ian Willms James Moes Sarah Brown Favourite Handmade Eco Artist BananSaurus Rex forest bound My Favourite Dress Periwinkle Bloom Chakra Pennywhistle sycamore street press Affordable Art betsy walton Bonbi Forest Brandi Strickland Cornelia O'Donovan fricdementol Julia Pott Leah Giberson Linogril Lizzie Stewart Miss Crowland Pearson Maron roadside projects Roll and Tumble Press Samantha Hahn Favourite Textiles At Swim Two Birds Byrd and Belle FlowerPress girls can tell India Flint Karen Barbe Pippijoe repeat Favourite Handmade Crafter Astulabee Feltmates Fringe Maranon Martice maya -made Miniature Rhino Resurrection Fern sandra juto Wunderkammer Yokoo Favourite Handmade Housewares Ashes &amp; Milk Bookhou Chakrapennywhistle decoylab Jean Pelle Miss Natalie Sesideco Favourite Handmade Papergoods Foxy &amp; Winston Igloo Letterpress La Familia Green one canoe two Pearl &amp; Marmalade Pie Bird Press Rifle Paper Co Sycmaore Street Press UPPERCASE Yee -Haw Letterpress Industries Handmade Artist Blog And Other Silly Things (Jennifer Murphy) Ashes and Milk Bookhou at Home ( Bookhou ) Camilla Engman Claire A. Baker Dottie Angel Enhabiten Eva Foreva Heather Smith Jones Kindra is Here Lena Corwin Midge's Mind Roxy Marj (Roma Winkel ) Sandra Juto The Sweetie Pie Press I totally have a love/hate relationship with twitter, but I do use it regularly for Handmade Nation as well as socially (follow me @faythelevine). The reasons I do love it is because I like finding out about things like " Typeface ". This is a new documentary (I have yet to see) about a very special place that just so happens to be in Wisconsin only a few hours away from me. This trailer is a kick in the butt to make my way up there very very soon. Keep an eye out on their website for screenings near you. Also, head on over to Blanket Magazine to download the new issue . It's not just any issue it's their 20th &amp; also the 3rd Birthday of the Magazine! You can see this feature with your's truly as well as interviews and artwork by a ton of people. There is also an amazing spread on jumping photos, which I am always a huge fan of (see below). A screen shot of my spread in Blanket Magazine Here I am jumping on my bed in Melbourne last year My time out East was fantastic. Like, super tops in all manners. Here is the quickest rundown possible of my 5 day jam packed trip. This is a long one.... January 15th, Day #1: The show I curated " New Work by Merrilee Challiss and Margaret Oomen " at Craftland Gallery opened. Merrilee flew in from Alabama and we all got to hang out. The show looks amazing, the work is stunning and I'm glad my hunch for showing those two together was correct. Read more about the experience here . Margaret Oomen, covered sea stones Margaret Oomen, covered tea saucers Merrilee Challiss, Babylon Garden Merrilee Challiss, Temple NOTE : Artwork is available for sale online HERE + Read about Margaret donating her sale proceeds to Haiti on her blog HERE . January 16th, Day #2: I got to do some putting around Providence with Merrilee before I dropped her at the airport before my screening later that evening. Deb Dormody recommended we swing by Wolf E. Myrow. If you are curious about a magic place filled with amazing things read more about it here . Later on in the evening I had my screening at Craftland, 2 sold out shows of 40! Goccoed tickets by Heather Toupin Craftland January 17th, Day #3: Said goodbye to Providence and drove through 4 states (this blows my mind since I live in the Midwest) in 2 hours to get to Portland, ME. I drove straight to Eli Phant (one of the event sponsors) to check out their store. If you get a chance go there the owners Sally &amp; Peter have curated an amazing shop that has all sorts of perfect handmade goodness. I can't tell you what I bought or it will ruin someone baby shower surprise.... I got a chance to finally see Ferdinand in person, have some amazing tea, eat an incredible dinner then we all zipped over to Space Gallery for the screening. 150 people came out for the event. It was awesome. Space Gallery Right after the screening I drove off into the night as to wake up at my friends house in Belfast Maine.... January 18, Day #4: I have a group of friends who have decided to make Belfast their home . I was there for the wedding ceremony last year and my second time back was just as amazing, just much chillier. One of the best parts of touring with my movie is I get to stay in touch with old friends, this is the perfect example. So breakfast was had then I headed over to Waterfall Arts for my Sunday matinee. Belfast, ME Feather, the three legged cat Skunk Man Waterfall Arts is this rad space with studios and a gallery. I was excited that 50 people came out on a gray Sunday afternoon to watch Handmade Nation . I drove for three hours after the screening since I was due in Boston the next day and there was supposed to be a big ol' snow storm. There was. January 19th, Day #5: I woke up to this: Lucky for me I was only an hour away from Boston. I was extra super excited because I was on my way to meet up with the lovely Meighan O'Toole who does the art blog My Love For You . Meighan and I had never met, but we have had many online discussions so both of us were really excited. She was sponsoring the Boston Screening that was happening at 4th Wall Gallery that night. Needless to say Meighan &amp; I hit it off super hard, so hard in fact I didn't take one single picture of her since we didn't stop talking the entire time. 60+ peeps came out to 4th Wall for the Boston screening that night, it was awesome. 4th Wall Gallery January 20th, Day #6 So tired from hanging out for a week straight, I had lunch with my uncle Hal &amp; flew home to Milwaukee. Thanks everyone who came out last week. It's much appreciated. Mucho much. The end. {More photos from the trip are here } First off, remember when Cortney Heimerl (co-author of Handmade Nation the book) was preggers last year and couldn't finish the last few dates of the book tour? Well, check out Abraham Edward at his glorious 7 months and how flipping cute he is. I'm a huge fan. Second, I am very much looking forward to my trip this week to Providence , Portland ME, Belfast ME and Boston for screenings ((details listed on the sidebar to the right)). I am super EXTRA excited for these reasons: #1. I curated a very exciting show at Craftland Shop with two amazing women, Merrilee Challiss &amp; Margaret Oomen AND I get to be there for the opening AND Merrilee will be there from Birmingham, AL where she lives and runs the bangin' spot Bottletree . I haven't seen Merrliee since she had a show at my gallery a few years ago and it is going to be FUN. So, if you know anyone in Providence, tell them to come to the show on Thursday, all the information is HERE . #2. I get to hang out with Deb Dormody who is one of the coordinators at Craftland, and also the talent behind IF'N Books + Marks . Her dude Alec is also a treat to get to see. Actually Providence is full of magic, it's one of my favorite places in the United States. I'm so hyped for the screening on Friday there. #3. I am hanging out in Portland Maine for the first time ever. #4. I get to go to Belfast to see my friends new baby Olai and do a screening at the same time. Last time I was in Belfast I went to this amazing wedding. #5. On Monday in Boston I FINALLY get to hang out with Meighan O' Toole from My Love For You , who organized the event there. That will be a treat. I'll do my best to update you from the road....Then it will almost be February. Holy crap. Back to work. Everything is a little backed up around here, I took some for reals time off the past two weeks. Had an epic dinner party at my house, took a trip to NY and ate a whole lot of amazing food. Yesterday &amp; today just sifting through emails and seeing where I left off. I'm feeling really good about this trip East coming up, so many good people to visit in Boston MA, Providence RI and the state of Maine. I am crossing my fingers that the weather agrees with my travel plans and will update you all with new projects soon. Have a little fashionista out there, like my Madisen?Does she give you grief every morning over what she's wearing?If you can relate, you've got to check out ... I don't know about you? But, some days it's like really that's what you want to wear to school?!How nice would it be to actually love what they've created to wear?Fun, Affordable &amp; as Madisen puts it 'So Awesome' !  Still popping in from time to time, holding out hope I'll be back???YOUR SO SWEET! Well to fill you in on where I've been...On a whim we packed up and moved 2,000 miles away to Arizona!!All on the hopes &amp; dreams of finally becoming official home owners.So, needless to say I've been a little bit busy.When and if life ever settles down, I'll be back! With lots of stories to share.Until then, my email addy is on the sidebar. Keep in touch, and don't forget me!  Back to school shopping yet? We'll if you've been in any department store lately, you've seen all the cute summer clothes being replaced with winter. I guess seeing how we've officially had NO summer with all this rain, we might as well start getting ready for fall/winter.In doing so you have to check out these ADORABLE boots!... PINK ones Too!!!!I told you, aren't they CUTE? Now, how would you like a FREE pair? Or at least 15% off?Whooga is holding a giveaway for their Fabulous*Ugg Boots!! It's going to be like The running of the brides only in a shoe store!   Wondering where I've been? I've been so busy fighting the terrible two'sI  didn't even know The Man in the Moon was in my queue til I got it, and I can't imagine why I would have possibly added it. According to Wikipedia, Reese Witherspoon's first movie "is notorious for a glimpse of the actress's underage, naked rear end." Hah. Anyway, it wasn't bad. It really made me want to move to a farm in the South. Reese, who I generally like, plays 14-year-old Dani Trant, who falls in love with an older guy who moves in next door (played by Jason London-the twin from Dazed and Confused and that Aerosmith video, not the one from Mallrats). He falls in love with her older sister, a girl who everyone spends the whole movie talking about how beautiful she is, which is kinda weird cause she has a mustache. There is lots of skinnydipping in the local pond. The dad is played by a guy from Law and Order I think. There is a really creepy scene where the older sister goes to a dance and gets groped by her date's father, then by her date. Anyway, eventually Dani finds out that the guy and her sister are sneaking around behind her back, but then Jason London is killed falling off his tractor, and then the sisters forgive each other. It was a pretty decent coming-of-age type movie--the acting was good, and it wasn't overly sappy, but it was kind of boring. It has that ubiquitous  teen movie scene where a tomboy type girl gets disgusted when she finds out that you kiss boys with her tongue, and then she practices on her pillow (or in this case, her hand.) At one point,After finishing this, it occurred to me I had George MacDonald's allegorical fairytale Lilith in mind when working on it. George MacDonald was a good friend of Charles Dodgson (Lewis Carroll) . The story is that of a sort of super-succubus who holds half the waters of the world in her hand. Her sin is in cutting off life, which results in her living a sort of half-life and doing harm to others. George MacDonald was quite an interesting character, a Presbyterian minister whose unorthodox sermons (he believed in that God was internal, and in love rather than doctrine) got his parishioners riled up to the point where he was essentially demoted from a parish with a good living to a less remunerative one. It's also interesting that C.S. Lewis was such an admirer of MacDonald, whose vision seems to me much more generous than that of Lewis.This (on Imaginary Bicycle) made me cry, in a good way.  I wrote this one in 30 minutes last night. Isn't it nice when the right guy gives you the right sort of inspiration? I was tempted to use his name, but alas, I thought I'd leave a little mystery this time around... I like the way you look me in the eyes I, I like the way you always make me smile And oh, you know I love the way that, if only for awhile, you make me feel like the only girl in the room Guess I never saw myself until I saw you It's our world, not theirs, baby It's our time to live our lives unafraid While the sun shines down on us Don't you know you and me, we can be anyone? Right here, right now, there's so much beauty in knowing It's your hand that's going to hold me So, baby, let's just let go Into the great wide open We have a lifetime of tomorrows But don't you always want to remember the taste of yesterdays? What if I told you our yesterdays were happening right now? If you fall, I'll be the one to catch you If you call, I'll be the first to rescue you Who says we can't jump with our feet still on the ground? It's our world, not theirs, baby It's our time to live our lives unafraid While the sun shines down on us Don't you know you and me, we can be anyone? Right here, right now, there's so much beauty in knowing It's your hand that's going to hold me So, baby, let's just let go Into the great wide open And as the days turn into years I'll still be the one here to catch you Baby, know that I'll never forget you... It's our world, not theirs, baby It's our time to live our lives unafraid While the sun shines down on us Don't you know you and me, we can be anyone? Right here, right now, there's so much beauty in knowing It's your hand that's going to hold me So, baby, let's just let go Into the great wide open It's our world, not theirs, baby It's our time to live our lives unafraid While the sun shines down on us Don't you know you and me, we can be anyone? Right here, right now, there's so much beauty in knowing It's your hand that's going to hold me So, baby, let's just let go Into the great wide open Baby, know that I'll never forget you... [Photo via Le Love ] TO: Men all over the planet FROM: Melissa RE: Stupid stereotypes DATE: March 16, 2010 So, boys, you know how I'm always trying to drill those stupid disability misconeptions out of your beautiful minds? Well, stand-up comedian Ryan Niemiller has actually found a better way to do it. His A Guide to Dating for the Handicapped takes the humor route, and I couldn't have said it better myself... As someone with a handicap, I have had my fair share of troubles finding love. Luckily, all of my non-handicapped friends have been so kind over the years to help me along the way, and tell me how I, someone with a handicap, should date. I've compiled, in conjunction with Ally "Wheels" Bruener, this helpful list for anyone else here that might have a disability! I present... the Guide to Dating for the Handicapped! -Only look for others [people with disabilities]. -Never try to date up. You will fail. -Make yourself look as normal as possible. If someone is stupid enough, they may think you're normal. -Never complain about the fact that you don't have anybody. You're handicapped and supposed to be an inspiration. Don't be selfish. -Everyone that hangs out with you is paid to do so. Just accept it. -Don't ask for anyone to set you up. No one is going to be that mean to their friends. -If you are disabled, you must be asexual. -If you really want a date, try getting it setup through the Make-A-Wish Foundation. It's your best bet. -Just accept the fact that a pat on the head from a little old man will be the most action you'll see. -Take some classes on counseling: You'll be the one everyone comes to with their problems. -If anyone actually offers to sleep with you, decline. It is a fraternity/sorority initiation prank. Or your parents paid them. -If you don't want to die a virgin, begin shopping around for the best-priced hooker immediately. -Never let your quest for a relationship get out to your family: They'll reassure that it just isn't practical. -Your non-handicapped friends are right - you're just being silly. -Society isn't as harsh as you think. You're just being overly critical. -Every member of the opposite sex you talk to will tell you there is someone out there for you - it's just not them. -You just aren't trying hard enough. -You're trying too hard. Just let it happen. -You want a family? Don't these supposed rules society buys into just look completely ridiculous and ignorant when seen on paper (well, on the screen) and listed all together? Don't they want to make you scratch your eyes out? Because you know I have a big mouth, allow me to add a couple of my own to round out the list... -Always have your date talk for you, cut your meat for you and tell people to move out of the way as you're coming through. Because, you know, you can't use your voice in public. Don't want to scare the little children, do you? -If the most action you ever get is looking into the gorgeous blue eyes of Silvio every time he comes to help you shower, be grateful. Silvio is your in-home health-care worker. -You're loved by your family. That's more than what some people have. Don't cry with a loaf of bread under your arm. Let me know, boys, when those guilty, oh-my-gosh-I-can't-believe-I-let-her-get-away feelings set in. Go ahead, boys. I'll wait. Heck, I've got all day - and night...you know, because it's not like I have a date or anything. xoxo [Photos via happythings ] I love the meaning behind these travel-themed engagement photo shoots. These couples look so happy and excited to be starting a new adventure in marriage, don't they? xoxo P.S. The Map Shoot is my favorite! Too bad there's not really a Map of Love somewhere out there! And the Plane Shoot makes me want to burst into my own rendition of Up Where We Belong . Sigh. P.P.S. Check out Beau-Coup's Wedding Blog for more awww-inspiring couples! The wonderfully insightful Kasey is back to share more tales with us this week (read his previous tales here + here ). And just so you know readers, these are in no way solicited by me, but I will say I'm loving his style, aren't you? xoxo Rule #11 Put your money where your mouth is. Guys, if you like a girl, you need either to pay or offer to pay for the evening. Period. Ladies, if you like a guy and you¡¯ve been on a few dates, (and you¡¯re not going to dump him), offer to pay every now and then. I typically refuse to let girls pay if I like them. But I love it when they ask. And if the ladies want to pay for their own, that is fine too. If a guy does not offer to pay, it is usually safe to assume that he isn¡¯t that into you. If a girl wants to pay her own way, guys, let her. Actually, guys, let her do whatever she wants. Don¡¯t screw it up. But AT LEAST OFFER to pay. You are not trying to buy your date, or buy sex, or any of those ludicrous ideas. You are simply saying, ¡°I like you,¡± and proving it by how you handle your money. Rule #22 Always call with a plan. Recently, a girl friend of mine received a call (from a guy who supposedly likes her) where his only question was, ¡°Can I call you tomorrow to see when you¡¯re free?¡± Let this sink in. Read it again.... Exactly. Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb. He had her on the phone already...wouldn¡¯t it make sense to just ask her when she was free? Yes. People are actually this silly. Anyway, the point is, always call with a plan. Even if the plan is just to talk about the other person¡¯s day. That counts, because you¡¯re talking, building communication skills, and (hopefully) getting to know more about the other person¡¯s likes and dislikes (so you can pull out that information when it really counts). Guys, unless it is too late to go do something, you always need to have a plan that puts the two of you together. Suggestions include movies, dinner, walks in the park, heck, you can even walk around Wal-mart and do some grocery shopping! I like asking girls if they would like to play with my Wii. Oddly enough, they like it!!! :) It is OK if the girl wants to change the plan. Just make sure you have thought of something. Especially avoid this exchange: ¡°What do you want to do?¡± ¡°I don¡¯t know, what do you want to do?¡± ¡°I don¡¯t know...maybe...well....what do you want to do?¡± NO, NO, NO! If all else fails, say, ¡°I want to see you!!¡± That, at least, is the truth. [Photos via We Heart It ] Prologue : You know your nonexistent love life has become close to extinction territory when your own mother makes you feel as though it's the most ludicrioous idea in the world that you could possibly be interested in or even have a chance with a romantic beau. I had another one of those invisibility moments last week. You know the kind, friends...where you're just standing there and wishing you had a white flag that you could wave wildly in the air and scream, " HELLO, I'm right here, aren't I? Why can't you see me? And yet, even though I was there, I felt completely invisible. And what made me feel even worse was that the person whom I felt invisible toward wasn't some guy or some guy's girlfriend or even Mr. Hefner himself. It was my mother. Here's how the situation went down: I got a sweet email from Cute Guy Friend on the anniversary of my dad's death last week. He wrote to say that he was thinking of my family and remembering my dad. How sweet is that? Well, as my awkward (and awful...) luck would have it, things turned pretty sour, pretty quickly when I casually brought it up to my mother later that day. "Oh, that's sweet," she replied, and then immediately turned to my sister and said, "You should date him..." My sister? Really? I mean...really? I just sat there floored, and quite a bit deflated. A few minutes later, during which time my mother had probably forgotten what she'd said in the first place, I said flat-out, "Why didn't you say that to me?" "You've never expressed an interest in him," she replied, as if my question was the dumbest thing she'd ever heard. NEWSFLASH: Neither has my sister. She's never expressed an interest in him. Not even once. So let's review the facts, shall we, friends? -He emailed me -My sister hardly knows him I suppose it bothered me even more because this isn't the first time my mother has bypassed me completely, which is why I've always looked at my sister as the pretty one. I know, it's being overly sensitive probably on my part, and my mother probably wasn't even thinking about my disability when she made that remark. In the last few months, I've been feeling increasingly confident as a sexy woman with a disability ( OK, gosh, just typing the word sexy to describe myself just made me blush, literally... ), and I suppose this harmless comment brought some of those invisibility, wallflower feelings back. Even if just a little bit, you know? Is it impossible for my mother - or anyone, really - to think that I could be capable of being in a relationship? Has that concept just never even dawned on her? Am I not worthy of that just as much as anyone else? I know she doesn't do it consciously, but sometimes, I swear my mother is incapable of seeing me as a woman, and yes, I'm aware that this is a common theme among mothers. But it just seems so much more pronounced in my life, especially when you add the disability factor to it. Or maybe, at the end of the day, I'm just being overly sensitive. Maybe I'm projecting my own insecurities and using them as a lens by which to judge things. Let's be honest, friends: It's not like I haven't done that sort of thing before. But you know what, damnit? It bothered me. It hurt me. It eroded just a little of the disability self-esteem that had been slowly growing like a flower. Well, now the flower looks as if it's beginning to wilt. What do you think, friends? Am I just being overly neurotic once again? xoxo [Photos via happythings ] Routines...my gosh, they can be hard to get back into, can't they, friends? I'm back at work today and am trying to get back into the swing of things. May these calming photos inspire me - and you! xoxo [Photos via flickr ] Happy Monday, friends! I was going over the Man Candy archives over the weekend, and I had to gasp when I realized I haven't featured this guy yet. Well, he's more of a man than a guy, and let's just say that he's only gotten better with age. He showed us a new life of living on a prayer and always promised to lay us down in a bed of roses. And as she's aged, he's up the sexy-wow factor by declaring "it's my life" and reminding us that, yes, we can go home again... JON BON JOVI!!!!!!!!!! Happy Friday, friends! How was your week? My spring break was entirely too short (as always!), but I'm looking forward to returning to work on Monday and get back into some semblance of a routine. Are you doing anything exciting this weekend? I'll be heading to a pancake breakfast tomorrow morning, and let's just say that I might be unnaturally excited about this. Pancakes! Eggs! Sausage! My equivalent of Food Heaven. I loved all your sweet comments this week about my dad ...your kind words always brighten my day! Thanks also to the awesome etsy owners who contributed their talents to our 5 Days of Giveaways series this week. What fun! While I'm enjoying my hearty and delicious breakfast, check out my Top 5 Favorite Blogs this week ( FYI: I'd love to hear what your favorite blogs are too! )... Letters of Note : A great collection of old letters! Color Collective : Because you can never fill your life with too much color! The Book Design Review : Though the blog is on hiatus, the archives of book covers galore make for hours of viewing pleasure! Blushing and Sweet : An inspirational blog with lots of helpful and beautiful tips! Diary of a Wannabe Health Freak : A college friend of mine who inspires me to try to be healthier! And as always, enjoy these fetching finds the Web had to offer! xoxo What are you smitten with? What lovely Spring-y photos! Ahhh, this pink dress is so mean, isn't it? Never forget to follow your passion What do you think of this Dutch style? Beautiful birds Love: Red scarf Black + white photos are classic, aren't they? Score: ebay shopping secrets! More spring-y flowers I love everything about this look, don't you? Classic Oscar moments from the '90s Delicious bread , anyone? Too cute Apparently, men secretly lust after these types of women... What a great way to recycle those denim jeans! I love rooms with bright lighting , don't you? What a beautiful photo shoot , huh? A delicious buttermilk biscuit recipe Great hanging mobiles Now you can confess your sins via telephone! Pretty Oscar pics! Doesn't this look delicious ? I love those items with a soft, feminine color ! I looooved Hula Hoops , even though I could never do them. I loved the sound they made! Dogs + beach = adorable Spring-ready your home! Oh, gorgeous garlands ! Fact: I could never stop loving plaid shirts ! Tips for organizing garages Colorful space nails Cute cups ! Confession: I'm in love with Beth 's etsy shop! Spring gift idea: Bird vase A heart-warming mother-daughter story I'll never stop loving pops of color , will you? Tents , anyone? [Photo via On A High Note ] Longtime FSP readers know that I am interested in how academia is depicted in literature and other artistic venues, and that I have a particular interest in academic satire in novels . Although I generally disapprove of attempts to make academia and academics seem like bizarre, megalomaniacal control freaks who are entirely disconnected from the "real" world, I am not incapable of enjoying a good academic satire (hence my fondness of the novel Straight Man , by Richard Russo). I even like the Indigo Girls' song, "Closer to Fine", despite this horrific set of anti-academic lyrics: I went to see the doctor of philosophy With a poster of Rasputin and a beard down to his knee. He never did marry, or see a B-grade movie He graded my performance He said he could see through me. I spent four years prostrate to the higher mind, got my paper And I was free. Give me a break. Anyway, I was curious to read the recent novel "36 Arguments for the Existence of God" ( Rebecca Goldstein ), described in some reviews as a brilliant new example in the academic satire genre. Washington Post (Ron Charles): The field of academic satire is crowded with such classics as "Lucky Jim" and "Straight Man," but "36 Arguments" sports so many spot-on episodes of cerebral pomposity that you've got to place this novel among the very funniest ever written. New York Times (Janet Maslin ): When Cass witnesses a PowerPoint presentation featuring ¡°brain scans of sophomores, neuroimaged in the throes of moral deliberation over whether they should, in theory, toss a hapless fat man onto the tracks in order to use his bulk to save five other men from an oncoming trolley,¡± this book occupies its ideal vantage point: close to the absurdity of current academic thinking yet just far enough away to laugh. Cerebral pomposity? The absurdity of current academic thinking? Did these reviewers also spend their college years prostrate to bearded, Rasputin-loving higher minds? Certainly there are pompous intellectuals in academia, and some research topics and methods seem quite absurd , but these are not the kinds of things I enjoy seeing parodied in novels and pilloried in reviews. For me, the most clever and entertaining academic novels are the ones that show the absurdity of the weird-but- mundane rituals of academic life (professor-student interactions, faculty meetings, budgets, tenure) and that are a bit more subtle in their portrayal of classic personalities in academe. Therefore, I am not particularly impressed by bizarre and disturbing characters such as the "Extreme Distinguished Professor" in 36 Arguments , and am much more entertained by a depiction of strangely recognizable people embroiled in the bizarre and disturbing rituals of a faculty search (as in Straight Man ). Said FSP's daughter's middle school Science teacher to FSP when he saw her in the corridor of the school: Hey, it's the famous woman scientist. I was taken aback at first, wondering why he used adjectives, one of which was strange and the other implied that scientist = man unless you specify otherwise (hence the somewhat cynical name for this blog). But then I figured out why he greeted me that way. Later, this same science teacher asked me if I would come talk to his class in a month or two. Great! I replied. But I thought you were done with the unit on My Science. Oh.. ah.. yes. Actually, we are doing a unit on Diversity and so we need a .. a .. a.. Woman scientist? Yes, exactly. The state expects us to do something on Diversity and I uh.. uh.. have no clue what to do and don't even know enough to ask this favor in a non-offensive way? I didn't say that, but, actually, I don't have a clue either. I have never talked about Diversity to a group of middle school kids before. I assume that I should talk about all types of diversity, not gender. I would like to keep my overall message positive and talk about Science as a rewarding career, but perhaps we could also discuss stereotypes of scientists (strange white males). I'm going to have to give this a lot more thought. Has anyone else given a talk on Diversity to middle schoolers? I could use some advice. As both a student and a professor, I have experienced at various times both the US quarter and semester systems. For those unfamiliar with these systems: An academic year composed of quarters involves 3 academic terms (+ a summer term = 4 quarters), each of 10 weeks duration (fall, winter, spring). An academic year composed of semesters involves 2 terms, each ~15 (¡À) weeks duration (fall and "spring", the former of which may include the end of summer and the latter of which includes the winter season). Some of my colleagues and students experience the "block plan" (1 intensive course per 3 week period), but I have not, so I will confine my comments to quarters v. semesters. Both quarter and semester systems have advantages and disadvantages for professors and students, but these pros and cons may shift around from course to course depending on various factors related to course content and professorial teaching ability. Quarter system: Terms are shorter. Boring classes are over sooner, and boring professors can inflict less damage. The content and format of some courses, even very enthralling ones, are better suited to a shorter term. Quarters typically start later (September in the US) and end later (June) than the semester-based academic year. You may like or dislike quarters owing to this feature; alternatively, you may like this feature in late August and early September (when your semester colleagues have started their academic year) and hate it in May and early June (when your semester colleagues already have their grades done). It may be easier for professor to get a research leave for a quarter than it is to get a semester leave. Students on the quarter system may be at a disadvantage in the summer because their academic year ends late relative to the start of some summer internships and other jobs. Semester system : Semesters can seem very, very long. Your joy at making it to Spring Break may be a bit dampened by the realization that the semester is only half over. You can, however, explore more topics in more depth than you can with a shorter term. You may have more flexibility in course content, owing to the longer term. You get to know your students better. You might even learn all their names. You may start the academic year before you are ready for summer to end, but you are done in the spring. Depending on your institutions policies re. teaching load, you may have fewer course preps/year. You only have to deal with beginning and end of semester craziness twice instead of 3 times. In an academic term, the first couple of weeks and the last week or two can be quite chaotic, but in a semester, there is plenty of time in the middle to get into a routine in which the logistics of the course are at least functioning well. As a student, I didn't have a strong preference, even once I had experienced both systems. Depending on how many courses I was expected to take at once and what the course offerings were, I may have had a slight preference for one over the other, but overall it didn't matter a lot to me. As a professor, I think I prefer the quarter system, recognizing that semesters do have some distinct advantages. For most courses, I feel that I can convey the most essential information in 10 weeks. I wouldn't like quarters if I had to create new courses all the time, but for a relatively stable set of courses and only the occasional new course to prepare, quarters are better for maintaining a high energy level and morale from term start to term end. Which do you like? Semesters or quarters or something else? Some applications for open faculty positions require letters of recommendation up-front; some request letters only after there has been a first stage of selection based on other information supplied by the applicant. Although I don't mind the first method, I prefer the second because it seems like a better use of time for those writing the letters and for those reading the applications. I know that things are done in a different way at many non-US institutions, but lately I have encountered variations on this system within the US. In the past few months: - I received a request for a letter of reference for someone who had already been invited to interview at a US institution. In fact, no letters of reference were solicited until this stage, so my letter wasn't supplementary or an attempt to fill a reference letter quota. The letters were clearly not a part of the interview selection decision. It is unclear what role, if any, they have in the search. and - I received a request for a letter of reference after someone had a phone interview but before they were invited for the actual interview . I am glad I am not on that hiring committee, as it seems to involve several extra steps. I didn't mind either of those requests, although the first case made me wonder why the institution even bothered to get letters if they are so unimportant in the process. Perhaps it is an administrative requirement? Having read thousands of these letters, I must say I can't really blame anyone for not valuing reference letters very much. A letter request that did annoy me, however, was one accompanied by the information that my letter would not even be read unless the candidate advanced to the final interview stage. In this case, the position is not an academic one, so perhaps I just lack familiarity with how things are done outside academia. From what I could tell from the instructions, the organization will not read the letters before the final candidates are selected from a huge pool of applicants but wants to have the letters on hand to read as soon as the final interviewees are selected, and hence the request for possibly superfluous letters. I can understand the wish for efficiency, especially given the large number of applicants, but it is a bit of a strange request: Please write this letter even though we are unlikely to read it. We need to be efficient but we are willing to (possibly) waste your time. Wouldn't such a request lend itself to getting cursory letters or letters that are not focused specifically on the position for which the applicant has applied? I typically take some time to customize each letter depending on what the position is, and in some cases this takes quite a bit of time. Why would I do that if I don't know if my letter will even be read? I guess I will do it for the same reason we write any reference letters, not knowing if the subject of the letters will get the position. Despite knowing in this particular case that my letter may be transferred, unread, directly to an electronic trash heap, I think the best strategy is to try to forget about that and write the letter in the hopes that it will eventually be read, the student will get the job, and it will all be worthwhile in the end. A reader asks: How long do you typically give 1st or 2nd year grad students to "pull things together" when they struggle in the beginning? Where is the line is drawn and what factors affect the judgments professors will make about their students? I will consider only PhD students in this discussion. I should say right away that I do not have a foolproof way of deciding when or where to draw the line on struggling students. I tend to err on the side of delusional optimism, hoping that some solution involving change in project (topics, methods), degree of supervision (more structure, specific goal-setting), or approach to writing will pull us all through the problems. Only in hindsight has it been obvious when this was a bad plan, resulting in prolonged suffering and expense. In other cases, it has worked; by "worked" I mean that the student got their PhD and therefore any difficulties were worth it, I think. That said, when and where I draw the line depends on the specific things with which the student is struggling and how (or whether) they are making an effort to communicate about and/or deal with the problem(s). Is the problem motivation? If a student is unproductive owing to a severe lack of interest or motivation in any reasonable research project they can do with me as adviser, that is something that should be quite clear in the second year, if not the first. (though I have had students who started out very energetic in the first year but whose motivation was completely extinguished in the second by the reality of what research and/or working with me involves) Is the problem that the student lacks the information or skills necessary to do the research? That can be fixed in many cases, and should be dealt with by the end of the second year. The student should be as proactive as possible about learning what they need to know to do their research. Is the problem the adviser? Is this something that could be fixed by discussing the situation or is it something that can't be changed? If the latter, the student has a decision to make about whether to continue with that adviser. Although it is possible that, with time, the student may understand better what seems like irrational or unkind behavior, it is likely that the adviser won't become more sane or nice with time. Is the problem beyond the student's control? Examples: Access to facilities? A complex and difficult research project that may proceed in a non-linear way? Lack of clear direction? Research that takes a long time to produce interpretable results? I am impressed by students who find ways to deal with obstacles like these. In fact, a student who feels like they are struggling, perhaps because they are too critical when comparing themselves with others, may not be struggling in the eyes of the adviser and other faculty. Other problems, such as those involving finishing a project or writing, may not manifest themselves until later (after the first two years). In the first two years, it is not too late to change course in a possibly dramatic way, including deciding that there is no point in continuing in the graduate program. There have been a few cases in which I decided in the first or second year that there was no point in advising a student for a PhD; these students got an MS instead. There has to be an obvious, major reason for going this route, though -- e.g., failed classes or lack of productivity owing to extreme lack of effort. Will a student who has a slow (but not catastrophic) first year or two be at a permanent disadvantage? I suppose this depends on the adviser, but in my opinion, a student who struggles with something in the first year or two, but who eventually surmounts the obstacles and succeeds, should not be at a disadvantage later. In fact, few arrive in graduate school perfectly prepared to leap into the perfect project that goes perfectly from Day One. If you had asked any of my graduate advisers or committee members what they thought of me in my first or second years of graduate school, the responses would have ranged from a derisive snort to a polite but sympathetic chuckle at my likely future career as a cat sitter. That changed a few years later once I started getting results and writing papers, and my slow start didn't harm my career. If you (mostly) like what you are doing, and at times possibly even love what you are doing, and you want to keep going with your research, despite initial problems, my advice, summarized, is: Stay focused, know what your goals are (short-range, intermediate-range, long-range), communicate with your adviser and others, if you feel stuck at least make some progress step-by-step (even if the steps seem small), and don't worry so much. The Chronicle Review (the magazine-like part of The Chronicle of Higher Education ) recently asked a group of "scholars and experts" to comment on stress in the lives of academics, using the Amy Bishop incident as a springboard for the discussion; i.e., what role might stress related to the tenure process have played in this tragedy? The scholars and experts included: a writer and PhD candidate in English literature the chancellor of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education a professor of international politics a professor of English an assistant professor of public policy and political science an assistant professor of sociology and women's and gender studies a PhD candidate in anthropology a dean of a School of Arts &amp; Sciences a professor of management a professor of history Clearly there was an effort to consult a wide variety of academics associated with the US system of higher education: professors and administrators, tenured professors and tenure-track professors, professors at universities and professors at small liberal arts colleges, even some PhD candidates who have no direct experience (yet) with the stresses of being on the tenure-track. Many of these people had thoughtful insights; I was interested to know the opinions of sociologists and anthropologists and others. Even so, Amy Bishop was an assistant professor of biology. Does it seem odd to anyone else that there were no biology or other science professors in this particular group of academics commenting on the incident? I looked up the chancellor and the dean and learned that their field of expertise is psychology, so perhaps they come the closest, but that's not the same as getting the opinion of someone who has recently experienced the tenure process as a scientist. I realize that a biology professor would not necessarily have any more insight into the general implications of the incident than those who provided comments in this piece in the Chronicle . And I still stand by my overall view (shared by the PhD candidate in English literature) that the murders were the actions of an imbalanced person with a rage problem (and a gun), and the tragedy was therefore not a direct result of the stresses of academia in general or the tenure evaluation system in particular. Still, I think it is strange that in an otherwise diverse group, not one is a science professor with direct knowledge of what it is like to get tenure as a scientist today at a university. Consider how bizarre it would have been if an English professor (for example) had committed a heinous crime that may or may not have been related to the experience of being an English professor, and the only people asked to comment (in a particular series of essays) were science, engineering, and math professors. I also think it would have been illuminating to read, for comparison, the thoughts of a scientist recently denied tenure. With all due respect to the PhD candidates and literary scholars who wrote thoughtful essays for the piece, surely the Chronicle could have found some current or former science professors -- ideally in the life sciences -- to comment? I don't want to perpetuate an "us" (scientists) vs. "them (non-scientists) mentality, but often when I read about academia, in the Chronicle and elsewhere, the point of view of non-scientists is the only one represented. This gives a very incomplete view of academia and the lives of academics, in general and in extreme cases. Although we have much in common as researchers and educators, there are also significant differences that, at times, merit consideration. Who is staying away from campus for Spring Break by choice (i.e., not owing to a furlough)? Who is doing this because otherwise they will have a dire childcare challenge? Who is staying away from campus for a week as a sanity break so that they can face the rest of the academic year with renewed energy? Of those avoiding campus: Will you be going somewhere (preferably fun and interesting) or just staying home (and possibly working there)? Who will be on campus but would rather not be there? Who will be on campus because if they don't, they fear the consequences (from their adviser, from their advisees , from a promotion &amp; tenure committee, from collaborators)? If you are a graduate student, has your adviser specifically discussed with you whether you can/should/will work over Spring Break? If so, what did they say? If not, what do you think they would say? And who is going to be on campus because they want to be there -- to enjoy a week of relative quiet in their office, catch up on research, get ready for post-break classes, and possibly even clean their desk and its immediate surroundings? ( What are you doing for Spring Break? (professors, postdocs) off campus but working off campus and not working on campus and working (but would rather not be) on campus and working (happily!) pollcode .com free polls What are you doing for Spring Break? (grad students) off campus but working off campus and not working on campus and working (but would rather not be) on campus and working (happily!) pollcode .com free polls Many times I have conversed with a visitor who is much more famous and smarter than I am. We sit in my office and we/I try to find something of mutual interest that we can discuss. I am not a skilled conversationalist, but I can almost always find something to talk about for half an hour. One of the things I am not tempted to discuss is the disparity in success or fame or IQ or amount of funding of whatever between the visitor and me. What would be the point of that? It is therefore disconcerting for me when I find myself in the visitor's chair in someone else's office and they start the conversation with a series of self-deprecating statements about how they have not published as much as I have, and how I write better proposals than they do, and how they are basically not as successful as I am. This does not happen often, but it happens from time to time. I hasten to note that this is not because I am so awesomely famous or well funded. My usual description of myself is "reasonably successful" as a scientist, and I think that is accurate. I do not think the self-deprecation is a form of false modesty. The self-deprecating person is genuinely ripped up about their lack of productivity. I think these conversations stem more from insecurities than from anything specific about me or my career. Even so, what I am supposed to say when confronted with these types of statements? I am more than willing to have a conversation about proposal strategies or ideas for new directions in research, or even to have a group wallow about some aspect of Science or Academia that is particularly controversial or nerve-wracking. If the self-deprecating person is a stressed out early career professor, I can go into mentor mode, if that seems to be a useful way to go. Otherwise, I try to steer the conversations to research-related topics that might be of mutual interest, or I ask a lot of questions. It is possible that some "successful" visitors will want to tell you how amazing they (think they) are, but in the absence of such a conversational foray, here is a gentle request to those scheduled for an individual meeting with a visiting speaker: Even if you feel that you are orders of magnitude less successful than your visitor in some professional capacity, even if you have the most raging case of impostor syndrome, even if you are in awe of the towering intellect of your distinguished visitor, and even if you can think of nothing more fabulous than being a short, unprepossessing middle-aged female science professor like your visitor, please tuck away these feelings and talk about Science or Students or Something else other than your (relative) lack of success. Some visitor's egos may need continual care and stoking, but I think you will feel better, and everyone will have a more interesting half hour, if self-deprecation, whatever the reason for it, is not a major feature of the conversation.  Click here for more Wordless Wednesday participants If you are reading this anywhere besides Emm in London or in an RSS reader then the content is stolen. Please report stolen content to missus.emm@gmail.com Copyright 2008-2009 Missus Emm http://missus-emm.blogspot.com 3mm154m2ndy One of the greatest benefits of running this blog has been the opportunity to meet all sorts of people I might not have encountered otherwise.&#160; A short while ago, I received a couple of comments from a friendly blogger called ¡°Revivor¡± and when I popped over to his blog, I saw that he was organising a four day run from Clapham to Brighton to raise money for the charity CASPA (Children on the Autistic Spectrum Parents¡¯ Association) .&#160; Naturally I was intrigued and so I contacted him straight away and we decided to meet up and chat about his noble adventure. Ivor Reveley (check out the ¡°Gotta Run¡± t-shirt) On whether he has done such a thing beforeÿ Two years ago, on his fiftieth birthday, Ivor and a team of runners ran from Romford to Orpington.&#160; They ran 50kms over 50 hours to raise money for 50 young people with autism.&#160; Ivor broke that down for me and explained that it is not as impossible as it sounds (bearing in mind that I walk a 5km fun run once a year): you run for two to three hours a day over three days and cover about 20 kilometres a day.&#160; It is not easy but it is possible! They raised ¡ê8,500 on that occasion which meant that their charity CASPA was able to obtain viability and get the real start that it required.&#160; This is so important, as Ivor explains, because it meant that the charity could remain a stable entity in the lives of the children and families it serves. On why he was raising money for CASPA? Ivor's sixteen-year-old son has autism.&#160; After being a charity trustee for fifteen to twenty years, Ivor realised that he had the skill necessary to make a difference in the lives of other children with autism and he decided to get involved with CASPA. On what CASPA is and what they do... Ivor is the chair and trustee of the charity.&#160; They started off as an informal parents¡¯ association in 2002 and formally registered the charity in 2005.&#160; As a charity, they run events and workshops for young people with autism such as: Brighton Beach kid¡¯s days out Youth Club on a Friday night A residential week long summer camp Independent Living Workshops (which are sponsored by the LDA ) They have received brilliant feedback from the children who say it is a safe environment for them to have fun, free from bullying or other such concerns. On making the runs interestingÿ After completing A-levels in Economics, Geography and Maths, Ivor went on to study Economics at university. An avid map lover, Ivor is now using his Geography and Maths skills again as he plans the most historical and geographically interesting routes through cathedrals and up high streets.&#160; The idea is for the runners to enjoy these events and to see and learn about the places they run through. On this year¡¯s eventÿ Date: 30 April ? 3 May 2010. Route: Clapham Common to Brighton Beach ( route details ) Ivor hopes to do events like this every even year and this year they will be doing a four day run from Clapham to Brighton.&#160; Ivor is keeping a log of all of the training and organising of the event in his blog Four Days Running . A half marathon is 21km and these runners will be doing more than that each day as they will run from about 2.30pm to 5pm every day for four days. Friends, family and supporters will be able to meet up with the runners every evening as pub nights are being organised on Facebook and the hotels that the group is staying in is published on the site ( stay on route ). This is not a public run but anyone interested in joining the run can contact Ivor at the site to get involved.&#160; They have a photographer taking part this year so expect great photos! On how YOU can helpÿ You can donate money using the button above.&#160; That will take you to the Just Giving site where the money will go straight to the charity and won¡¯t touch anyone¡¯s hands. But don¡¯t worry, there are lots of other ways to help too: Follow the Four Days Running blog Follow Ivor¡¯s Twitter account: @revivor .&#160; Join the fun and do the four day run: Run With Us Stay on the route and be a supporter If you are reading this anywhere besides Emm in London or in an RSS reader then the content is stolen. Please report stolen content to missus.emm@gmail.com Copyright 2008-2009 Missus Emm http://missus-emm.blogspot.com 3mm154m2ndy Click here for more Wordless Wednesday participants If you are reading this anywhere besides Emm in London or in an RSS reader then the content is stolen. Please report stolen content to missus.emm@gmail.com Copyright 2008-2009 Missus Emm http://missus-emm.blogspot.com 3mm154m2ndy Chris Zwierzynski, from Tripbase.com shares some expert advice on fine (read: really rather expensive) dining in Britain. Barely a day goes by when we don¡¯t hear of someone¡¯s tales of woe with regards to their finances. Maybe nary a day goes by when you don¡¯t think of your OWN tales of personal finance horror, but this post isn¡¯t about personal finances, in fact, this post isn¡¯t even going to be particularly serious in the slightest, perhaps a welcome break from the drudgery we encounter on a day-to-day basis. This post is for those who dare to dream, who occasionally ? or often, there¡¯s no discrimination at play here ? have flights of fancy where they can afford whatever they please, consequences be damned. Food. Everyone loves food. Of course, there are picky eaters, gluttons who eat anything and then there¡¯s the gourmet, who will indulge in only the finest of fripperies wherever food is concerned. You¡¯ve probably guessed where this is going and it¡¯s headed in a direction in which the subject matter will revolve around the finest/most expensive eating establishments in Britain, avoiding the clich¨¦ that is the ¡°world¡¯s most expensive¡± and instead opting for the lower-key ¡°just in Britain¡± subtitle, so maybe you¡¯ll want to bear these in mind next time you¡¯re booking any flights to London . There are no diamonds in food, gemstones on cutlery-related shenanigans here, for these places are expensive becauseÿwellÿthey just ARE. London, Restaurant Gordon Ramsay Also one of the single most expensive restaurants in the world, this place can set you back at least ¡ê120 for a single person and that¡¯s just selecting from the average stuff. If you were to opt for more exquisite dishes and then a bottle or wine or so, well, then you¡¯re looking at a hefty price-tag indeed! A favorite amongst locals and tourists alike (provided that can afford it, of course), the restaurant itself is known for serving up the most palate-pleasing dishes in the whole of England¡¯s fine capital city. Typical delights on offer might include Cornish lamb, pork belly and the finest Angus beef, all mixed in with a wide range of other fine accoutrements. By the time you were done with this place, you¡¯d certainly be in a better position to understand the reason behind the three Michelin Stars that have been awarded to it. However, your wallet might not be! Berkshire, Waterside Inn Put on the proverbial map thanks to fantastic food, a three-star Michelin chef in the form of owner Michel Roux and a ¡ê24 plum souffl¨¦ that made it onto the Forbes list of the world¡¯s most expensive desserts (it came tenth), the Waterside Inn is not only a dive into opulence, but also a dive into quality as those stars aren¡¯t awards to just anyone that comes along. With ¡°Inn¡± in the title, you¡¯d be correct in suspecting that the building housing the restaurant also serves as a place where you can ? for a modest sum ? spend a few nights. The restaurant¡¯s chefs serve the whole gamut of dishes you¡¯d expect: lobster, rabbit, lamb, duck, turbot and many others, each served as decadently and in an adept a fashion as you¡¯d imagine. Truly an experience for the rich in taste as well as the rich in wealth, as you will most likely be set back around ¡ê100+ for a two-course meal. London, Sketch Back to the nation¡¯s capital again, for meals that again breach the ¡ê100 mark. Sketch has long been touted as an incredibly expensive place to eat, hence the gaggle of celebrities and other people of note that occasionally dine at the establishment. However, the price doesn¡¯t belie the quality and instead is more of an indication of it, what with the restaurant itself being a product of Algerian restaurateur Mourad Mazouz and celebrated French chef Pierre Gagnaire, you can rest assured that the place will contain nothing less than the most sumptuous of everything the culinary realm has to offer. For more travel tips and vacation inspiration, check out the Tripbase Travel Blog / Tripbase site. About Tripbase : Tripbase eliminates the time-consuming and frustrating online search process by providing travelers with personalized travel recommendations for their next trip. Tripbase was named Top Travel Website for Destination Ideas by Travel and Leisure magazine in November 2008. www.tripbase.com If you are reading this anywhere besides Emm in London or in an RSS reader then the content is stolen. Please report stolen content to missus.emm@gmail.com Copyright 2008-2009 Missus Emm http://missus-emm.blogspot.com 3mm154m2ndy Click here for more Wordless Wednesday participants If you are reading this anywhere besides Emm in London or in an RSS reader then the content is stolen. Please report stolen content to missus.emm@gmail.com Copyright 2008-2009 Missus Emm http://missus-emm.blogspot.com 3mm154m2ndy On Tuesday night, we went to see the Garrick Theatre production of Douglas Carter Beane¡¯s The Little Dog Laughed. The Little Dog Laughed is about a rising Hollywood star Mitchell (Rupert Friend) who in the words of his agent ¡°suffers from a slight recurring case of homosexuality¡±.&#160; He meets rent boy Alex (Harry Lloyd) and their lives are turned somewhat upside down when they both fall for each other despite both asserting that they are not gay.&#160; The play is set against the backdrop of Hollywood and homosexuality and explores all of the double standards and difficulties with coming out in show business.&#160; There is a fantastic quote by Colin Firth in the programme which just about sums it up: ¡°If you¡¯re a straight actor who takes on the role of a gay man, it¡¯s obviously not the same as being one in this business¡±. The Little Dog Laughed was written by Douglas Carter Beane who also wrote To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar , a 1995 film starring Patrick Swayze and Wesley Snapes.&#160; It first opened off-Broadway at the Second Stage Theatre in 2006.&#160; The play is narrated by Mitchell¡¯s morally challenged agent Diane (played by Tamsin Greig) who has such classic lines as &quot;A writer with the final cut? I'd rather give firearms to small children¡±.&#160; It is no secret really that I am a massive fan of Harry Lloyd and have spent the past three years watching each and every one of his plays but it is Greig who absolutely steals the show and her acting, wardrobe and personality all fit the role perfectly.&#160; In her role as Diane, Greig superbly breaks through the fourth wall, allowing the audience into the world of Hollywood agents, actors and writers and she did it very well indeed.&#160; She was incredibly comfortable chatting and winking to the audience one minute and then diving right back into her encounters with the rest of the cast the next. Rupert Friend plays the drunken, privileged and somewhat sheltered Mitchell really well.&#160; While I tend not to question how characters were written (as it is generally a fixed factor when putting on a play), I have to wonder at a rising Hollywood star who doesn¡¯t get the significance of coming out to the world and the effect that could have on his career.&#160; In the end, his naivet¨¦ is what trips him up though. In an equal sense, Harry Lloyd¡¯s Alex just doesn¡¯t seem to understand the dynamic of his relationship with his girl pal Ellen (played by Gemma Arterton) and the effect that his growing relationship with Mitchell will have on her.&#160; He does, however, utter my favourite line of the play while trying to get a point across to Mitchell: ¡°God, talking to you is like sewing a button on cottage cheese¡±. As far as rather shallow, clueless roles go, Friend and Lloyd do as well as they can do but they have both taken on much better roles in the past.&#160; The one thing they do both handle extremely well is the intimacy and affection that develops between their two characters.&#160; There is a fair bit of nudity in the play (with Harry Lloyd being fully nude at one point) and both actors were professional and convincing in their roles. Gemma Arterton was far less convincing and you got the idea that she was trying to inflate her supporting role somewhat as the character definitely shrinks in comparison to the other three.&#160; She seemed to posture a lot and to shout her lines rather than speak them with meaning and emotion.&#160; She is quite inexperienced in theatre though and this certainly didn¡¯t ruin the play.&#160; You have to wonder though if those in casting didn¡¯t foresee that she would be completely overshadowed by Greig (or perhaps that was the point?) This production of The Little Dog Laughed was directed by Jamie Lloyd and I must say he made good use of the space and actors.&#160; There is one invisible character, so to speak, who appears in one scene and speaks on the phone but is not played by anyone.&#160; I thought this was really well portrayed by the cast and well managed by the director. The set was designed by Soutra Gilmour who received an Olivier Award nomination for Best Set Design in 2009.&#160; While Gilmour¡¯s sets are often dark and almost sinister, this was stark, bare and completely white but the minimalist set worked in this play.&#160; The play itself is incredibly funny and highly entertaining.&#160; It doesn¡¯t provide any grand answers to the problems it identifies but seems to focus more on the situation at hand and how that plays out.&#160; The audience was laughing along raucously at the numerous one-liners and there was much enthusiastic clapping and cheers of ¡°bravo!¡± at the end.&#160; All in all it was a fun night out and I¡¯d certainly recommend the play for people seeking a light-hearted comedy experience. The Little Dog Laughed is playing at the Garrick Theatre until 10 April 2010.&#160; There are really good prices available on tickets at LastMinute.com and we got tickets for ¡ê29.50 each from WestEndTheatre.com . Watch The Little Dog Laughed trailer: If you are reading this anywhere besides Emm in London or in an RSS reader then the content is stolen. Please report stolen content to missus.emm@gmail.com Copyright 2008-2009 Missus Emm http://missus-emm.blogspot.com 3mm154m2ndy NME is the biggest alternative music publication in the UK.&#160; Each year they showcase some of the biggest up and coming indie alternative bands in the run up to the NME Awards.&#160; This year The Maccabees, Bombay Bicycle Club, The Big Pink and The Drums hit the road on a nationwide tour and I caught them at The Brixton Academy in London. The Drums The Drums are a post-punk band hailing from Brooklyn, New York and it is likely that you would recognise their song ¡°Let¡¯s Go Surfing¡±.&#160; They are currently on a sold out tour of UK, Ireland and mainland Europe and will be supporting Florence and the Machine on their nationwide tour starting in May. The Drums have a sound reminiscent of the punk and ska bands of the early eighties but I found them to be pretty average and unoriginal. I had not even heard of them before the night but certainly won¡¯t be rushing off to buy any of their albums.&#160; Most importantly, I have never seen a bunch of people look so uncomfortable on a stage before.&#160; I¡¯ve seen cheesy robotic dancing before and singers playing air drums but it is clear that The Drums have a long way to go as a band before they make that look cool. &#160; The Big Pink The Big Pink are the reason we went to the Shockwaves NME Awards Tour this year and it is safe to say that I am a massive fan of their album A Brief History of Love which I reviewed on BlogCritics in January.&#160; The Big Pink arrived on stage with lights and explosions and their whole set was energetic, frenetic and loud.&#160; Their songs were much heavier than they had sounded on their CD and it was a manic mash up of squealing guitars and noise. I imagine that this signals a heavier direction for their new album but it could also be overcompensation for the fact that most of their music is pre-recorded and sampled.&#160; That meant that vocalist Robbie Furze was screaming his vocals and grinding his guitar while we debated amongst ourselves whether the bassist and drummer weren¡¯t in fact miming.&#160; I am always happy for indie alternative bands to take on a heavier, louder sound; in fact, the noisier the better as far as I am concerned.&#160; But this was not a great performance.&#160; I¡¯ve seen many bands that use heavy sampling including The Prodigy, Dan le Sac vs Scroobius Pip and Faithless and it is so difficult to put on a great show in front of a massive audience when the majority of your band members are doing little on the actual night but miming.&#160; The Big Pink didn¡¯t really get it right on Saturday night. Bombay Bicycle Club Bombay Bicycle Club hail from north London and took their name from a string of curry restaurants in the area.&#160; I have no idea what I expected from them before I heard them play on Saturday night as I had barely even heard of them but wasn¡¯t in the least bit interested in listening to any of their music. I certainly didn¡¯t expect to have them rock my socks off.&#160; Seconds into their first song, I found myself debating whether to rush off to the shops the next day or order their album through Amazon.&#160; Thankfully, such debates were soon put out of my mind as I got caught up in their energetic, enthusiastic set.&#160; The one thing they did prove was that the problems with the previous two acts weren¡¯t down to bad acoustics in the venue because their whole sound and lights show was fabulous.&#160; Jack Steadman has a fantastically unique voice and the band are confident and exciting on stage.&#160; Oh, and they can dance.&#160; Perhaps the guys from The Drum need to take some dancing lessons from them.&#160; The crowd went mad for them and I would have to say that Bombay Bicycle Club were the best band of the night.&#160; It is not often that I am won over to unknown bands during a live performance but they were that good. The Maccabees The Maccabees played a massive fifteen song set on Saturday night and gave one of the most impressive live performances I have seen in years.&#160; The Maccabees are from south London but are currently based in London.&#160; They have five full time members but their incredible show included three musicians on brass instruments and at one stage Edwyn Collins joined them to sing ¡°Rip It Up¡±.&#160; The Maccabees use the whole stage and everything from their backdrop to their set up and lighting is absolutely professional and first class.&#160; I honestly found myself widening my eyes to try drink everything in.&#160; Like with Bombay Bicycle Club, the sound was perfect and the crowd went absolutely mad for The Maccabees.&#160; They didn¡¯t quite have the impact on me that Bombay Bicycle Club did but that is not to say that they weren¡¯t brilliant.&#160; They were really good and I¡¯d definitely go see them again sometime. After a rocky start, the ShockWaves NME Awards Tour 2010 was a huge success and Bombay Bicycle Club and The Maccabees certainly made up for a slightly shaky start.&#160; The best thing about the O2 Brixton Academy of course is that after the show, we were able to nip into Nandos for some chicken burgers thus avoiding the British tradition of the post-night out dodgy vindaloo. If you are reading this anywhere besides Emm in London or in an RSS reader then the content is stolen. Please report stolen content to missus.emm@gmail.com Copyright 2008-2009 Missus Emm http://missus-emm.blogspot.com 3mm154m2ndy Click here for more Wordless Wednesday participants If you are reading this anywhere besides Emm in London or in an RSS reader then the content is stolen. Please report stolen content to missus.emm@gmail.com Copyright 2008-2009 Missus Emm http://missus-emm.blogspot.com 3mm154m2ndy I started digging my wallet for the extra quarter and he seemed to sense that I wanted a bag for my lonely little OJ, and I told him that no! I didn't need one. I fished out the quarter and laid it on the counter as he handed me the OJ and smiled warmly.As I walked away, I felt filled with an unexpected joy and contentment. In that moment, I felt the city wrap around me for the first time in a while, protectively cuddling me from all sides. I looked around and saw the New York I had first seen in 2004: that energy, that life, that art pulsing through everything. No matter how many chain coffee houses there are, or how much money gets poured into meaningless capitalistic pursuits in this city, there will always be that feeling of endless possibility, that freedom, like if you just believe in it and want it bad enough, you can literally be anything you want. That feeling, that uniquely New York feeling, is something that everyone who ever came to New York to pursue a dream has experienced and can speak to, whether it was in the 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s, or beyond; and as I walked the block to my office from the coffee cart - which, by the way, was set up right across the street from a Starbucks - I felt it pressing on me in the most comforting way.Despite everything I've been through, and all the uncertainty that continues to face me, I heard the city telling me it's going to be OK, and I believed it. I put my hands in the pockets of my trench coat, smiled to myself and walked on. We are so pleased to announce that our new website is up and running. We are officially moving all of our blog activity to our new www.urbansprouts.org site. Please check it out and bookmark our new page. I recently learned from my students that oxalis, an invasive and aggressive weed for many San Francisco gardeners, is also called sourgrass, whose flower stalk can actually be chewed. Although oxalis has another beneficial function, that is, to prevent soil erosion on slopes, I can't help but feel that every time I'm up at one of my schools, it's a renewed battle between oxalis and gardener. Last week, I issued a challenge to my students at Ida B. Wells to pull out as much oxalis as they could from our two main beds, which would be documented as before and after pictures on this blog. Although some students went right to work, others required much more coaxing; many students seem to have an inherent dislike of weeding, even if it's just the patch in front of them. At the end of class and after three huge piles of oxalis, it still looked like we barely made a dent in the ratio of oxalis to vegetables. Note to self - next time, to prevent oxalis takeovers, try mulching early before the rains start. Before weeding around the fava beans... After weeding (one student's work)... Mulching with straw with my afterschool class... I am very excited to bring to you a glimpse of a day in our gardens. Thanks to our new Flip cameras, you can see Urban Sprouts in action preparing freshly harvested collards into delicious, simple, gourmet snacks! Students at both Martin Luther King middle school and International Studies Academy have gotten excited about sharing their perspective of the garden to the community and each other. In the near future I hope to use the Flip camera as a medium of communication between the two schools. At Urban Sprouts, we want to connect students to local produce, whether it's food from the school garden, persimmons and lemons from someone's backyard, or fresh finds from the farmer's market. At Aptos Middle School, the lettuce, arugula, and radish from our school garden were ready to be harvested and tossed into a salad. Students washed, chopped, and combined local fruits and vegetables with a sesame salad dressing and a persimmon vinagrette. Although some students were more interested in the cooking than in the eating, it was a first step towards creating healthy (and colorful) dishes using many local ingredients. Additionally, students at Ida B. Wells Continuation High School learned how to whip up persimmon ice cream using only five ingredients (lemon, vanilla, sugar, buttermilk, and persimmons), and without a fancy ice cream maker. Thank you, Ms. Bressack, for donating the delicious persimmons from your backyard! Help grow the school gardens movement! We are looking for members to join our Outreach Committee. These individuals will work alongside our staff to represent Urban Sprouts at partner school events, community fairs, farmers markets, and other city-wide events. Please join us for our first meeting December 8th, 2009 451 Hayes St 2nd Floor San Francisco, CA 94102 Questions or want more information? Please contact Audrey at 415.515.0967 or helpout@urbansprouts.org We are hosting our first garden work party at our newest site, Log Cabin Ranch. Come out and: - tour the site - help plant our orchard - build new garden beds - lots of other exciting garden activities As the garden is located in La Honda (about 45 miles south of San Francisco) we will be organizing carpools for all participants. We will be contacting those attending by December 10th to arrange rides. To RSVP please CLICK HERE Please note this is a San Francisco Juvenile Probation Department Facility and participants in the work day will need to be at least 21 years of age and bring a photo id. Pictures from Log Cabin Ranch Last week was a busy week in the gardens as we hosted 3 large group events. Employees and students from Wells Fargo, Haas School of Business, and Blueprint Research &amp; Design performed almost 100 hours of volunteer labor as we built worm bins and compost bins, dug new beds, and completed some general garden work. This was a fantastic start to our new composting initiative as we are on track to build new compost bins, worm bins, and compost sifters in all 7 of our sites in the next few months. 0 false 18 pt 18 pt 0 0 false false false /- Style Definitions -/ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:12.0pt; font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-ascii-font-family:Cambria; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Cambria; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;} Thank you so much for your time and energy, it's always so great to welcome new folks into the gardens. To bring your group out Click Here Thank you, Yahoo! for a HUGE boost to our composting efforts! Read on Yahoo!'s blog about this great compost project they funded for us, as part of their Purple Acts of Kindness.  thrift shirt and skirt. gap sweatshirt. Pictures I took back when my hair was blonde and there was snow outside and I wasn't all lazy and in a style rut like now. Any ideas as to what a story to them could be? I haven't the slightest idea. Today in school we played dodgeball. Or, rather, I played dodgeball, and everyone else played kickball. But then they were all "NOO COME ON YOU CAN'T BE THAT BAD" and I was like "HAHAH THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK" and then they made me kick it and I ran to the wrong base. Actually, I didn't even run to a base, I just ran to this random mat that I thought was a base, but was just IN THE WAY, and POINTLESS, kind of like the interpretive dancing at the Oscars. But you know what would've made this experiment far less painful? IF I HAD BEEN WEARING THIS: Along with paying a visit to the 60's (my favorite era, which is probably some kind of twist of FATE) (see what I did there? Bob Dylan song? 60's?) (Oh wait, that song is actually 70's. I...fail. Anyway.) Miu Miu was almost cartoonish with its giant bows, poppy colors, scallops, exaggerated pocket piping, and shoe skirts that added an extra clunky stomping factor to the overall effect. And there were LOTS of embellishments with metallic bows and flowers, kind of as if the wearer was a little girl going through her grandma's jewelry box (from when grand mam mam had her 60's heydey) and sort of decorating herself with brooches. It started out with the bright colors and cartoon-ish lace (which I will now refer to as the little sister of Prada's ) but towards the end got to a place that was darker, a different kind of romantic, slightly stark.. The silhouettes, colors, and fabrics became more sophisticated, and the playful, wiry flower brooches were replaced by some in full bloom. There were parts I didn't care for or that wouldn't have really improved today's game of kickball, (which is now the new standard for everything: would it improve my pitiful, athletically-challenged middle school experiences? WOULD IT?) such as the low cut-overall situations and skirts-over-pants (maybe because I was too reminded of my 3rd grade days when I decided I was really edgy and //alt for wearing a skirt over a pair of jeans. THE MEMORIES, MAKE THEM STOPPPPPP). They didn't feel out of place in the collection but my sentiments for them were those of Enid's here: The spring collection will always be my favorite, and that kind of magic can't happen twice. But over all, it was cute and fun and Miu Miu. And it still would've made that really awful game of kickball much, much better. Prada Fall 2008 / Miu Miu Fall 2010. Hussein Chalayan was based around the idea of a mirage, though that fact was no MIRAGE as the sunglasses said, "MIRAGE". Dad jokes! In all seriousness, because this is serious business, as things always are around here, I first thought it was sort of arbitrary, but the more I looked through it and thought about it the more it made sense, and the fact that it was hard to understand at first only made me like it more. And made it more, of course, like a mirage. I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE, MR. CHALAYAN. There were binoculars stuffed up with shearling and leather, hazy nebula-like prints, foggy sheer fabrics, and crocheted jackets that only half-covered the top part of the body. Without the concept, the clothes didn't seem to flow from one look to another too well, but I don't think a Hussein Chalayan collection can be viewed without knowing that there has to be a concept, anyway. The "mirage" sunglasses reminded me of New Year's Eve sunglasses, in a good way. I am not normally one for red carpet dressing (other than the CFDA gala) and last night we didn't even get Tilda or Cate, AND the co-hosting was awkward, AND Twilight is not a horror movie, and Zac Efron STILL HIGHLY RESEMBLES A NEOPET, but Carey Mulligan filled the Prada void that would have been otherwise occupied by Tilda with this dress that looks very pretty and normal at first... But then when you look at a closer picture, you see this, and if you happen to be looking at the closer picture while it's really late and night and you just ate/drank your weight in sugary products, your reaction is 3x the excitement, or, UDISGHDSLUGWHUIWGSD Tiny kitchen utensils! For tiny murderers! Chick is basically wearing a Clue gameboard, AND IT IS FANTASTIC. And Robert Downey Jr. looked awesome. I would like to think that he and Michelle Obama play kickball together in their matching Lanvin sneakers. WELL DONE, SHERLOCK, WELL DONE. That's about it. Again, don't really care for red carpet-type stuff BUT throw some tiny knives and bow ties into the mix and I am intrigued. Oh, and TOM FORD. Throw Tom Ford into the mix and I am also intrigued, and also maybe sitting two inches away from the screen, never mind that it is in the corner of the room hanging from a ceiling. I use my floating powers when necessary, okay? Lastly, I love you all more than rainbows. Vivienne Westwood was like a Maurice Sendak character that runs away to start her own kingdom, AKA, what I would like to do, all the time, a lot. Paper crowns, crayon scribbles (some of which read "Prince Charming") and drapy dresses that could've come out of an older sister's dress-up box..plus, only Vivs could put her models in marker moustaches (time for me to revisit TOMAS , perhaps?) and it still make sense. And, going back to the Maurice Sendak thing: Wild Rumpus crowns, anyone? That star on that grey sweatshirt is TOTALLY Really Rosie? LIFE COMPLETE. At the Independent Fashion Bloggers conference at NYFW, there was a panel including the Fashionista girls, Susie Bubble , Phil Oh , Bryanboy , and myself, and we talked about-WAIT FOR IT- the future of fashion blogging ! Pretty RANDOM topic, if you ask me. There's a video but I'm too afraid to watch it because I probably said some stupid things. But! If I were to paraphrase, I would say we mostly talked about: -Discretion when it comes to accepting gifts or freebies. -Advice to new bloggers. (Which mostly came to: write about what is interesting to you. What works for one blogger doesn't always work for another, and writing about the exact same stuff that a popular blogger writes about will go unnoticed since someone else is already doing the same thing.) -A blogger's place at Fashion Week. -Hey, remember when we all decided we were the greatest people ever and that blogs were the new everything? Me neither! The media likes the story but it ain't no big thang. -We can't predict the future of fashion blogging. The same way no one saw it coming, no one knows where it will go. The big difference between bloggers and journalists isn't the fact that we're using computers. I mean, Cathy Horyn and Lynn Yaeger have blogs, lots of critics write for style.com, and a number of editors, including Hamish Bowles and Andre Leon Talley, write blog posts; but it's not the same as my having a blog - the difference is experience. It's not remarkable that we're using the internet!!! but what most people are pointing out - with me, mostly, since this doesn't apply to the other bloggers that were on the panel - is lack of experience. I haven't gone to journalism school, I haven't had any internships, etc. And I'm 13, which, oh my God, I can't tell you how excited I am to outgrow that number. This, honestly, is what I think is the future of fashion blogging, or at least part of it. The same way teenagers can start a Flickr account and be noticed by a magazine, or a band can start a MySpace and be picked up by a label, blogs will act as jumping-off platforms for people that want to work in the industry. When I started Style Rookie in March of 2008, only ElleGirl and teenvogue.com would write about blogs. It wasn't a big media thing and having one wasn't an affiliation for Fashion Week, it was a nice circle of ladies and occasional dudes who supported each other and often found themselves saying "Thank you for this post! None of my friends get my feelings about ______." Then some of us started taking opportunities that had arisen, and I spent some money on a Hussein Chalayan dress, and then all of a sudden it was like, JUDAAAAAAAAAAS. Which is, you know, bizarre. Allow me to direct you to this epic Dave Eggers essay . So now my inbox and comment section are full of "Can you critique my blog? Can you tell me what to do to get invited to shows? How do I get my blog recognized in the industry?" which isn't a bad thing, I guess (other than the critiquing thing, which like..it's about you and your thoughts. No one is able to tell you what to think or how to explain your thinking to others.) Now blogging is a full-time job for some people and in some cases a segway into the industry but I guess that's the way it goes. And it's sort of a bummer, especially because now I'm far more aware of the number of people that read my blog, and when I take this into consideration when writing a post I feel pressured to sound smarter or fancier when mostly I just enjoy writing journal-like streams of thought (my blog has always been a virtual diary) even though I'm supposed to be writing grand reviews because a newspaper or magazine told whoever to expect that. That's a problem with my own outlook, though, and I still enjoy blogging. A lot. And, thankfully, it doesn't have to be a job for me. When it starts to feel like one, I'll stop. But I don't think anyone is saying blogs are the equivalent to magazines, or inexperienced bloggers like myself are the equivalent to journalists, anyway. Still, there is nothing wrong with having a range of perspectives. I think fashion is important to discuss. Which brings me to this recent Isabel Marant quotation: ¡°For me, fashion shows are not for the public, they are trade shows for the press. It¡¯s time for the press to understand the collection and then spread the information. That¡¯s more interesting than just the image. Everyone wants to be first. It¡¯s too too much. There should be privacy and mystery. There is no excitement about anything anymore as everything is available immediately and all the time ? you don¡¯t have to wait for anything. I don¡¯t like the idea of being flooded with image and information. I don¡¯t belong to the generation of spending time on the internet. I think it¡¯s too fast and too fake. It¡¯s like going to a museum on the internet ? where is the pleasure? It¡¯s sad because everyone is running after everything, but after what? Everything is too quick. There is no room in your heads for all this information. No one retains anything.¡± I think that when it comes to fashion shows being online, it's exposure for a brand. I think that a customer deserves to see the show and get to know the world of that label. I like privacy and mystery too, but there's a fine line between that and exclusivity. And-TWIST!-I also hate the fastness of the Internet! And the fakeness! I like buying my magazines and zines and having special stuff I can hold in my hand! And this Internet, it makes the already fast fashion very very fast! And it's scary and a lot of it feels very unauthentic and sad. And fast. But, in five years, the iPhone will be Oldy McOldster from Oldsville, Oldesota. And tumblr then will be like xanga now. Who knows where fashion blogging will be. Point is, things are changing. "Classics with a twist!" Retro futurism! In fashion, all those cliches have been done time and again, but I think that Nicolas Ghesquiere's collection for Balenciaga was the only one as of recent to elevate these concepts to a level that was more refined and thoughtful. "Retro futurism" didn't mean the Jetsons, and "classics" didn't mean camel coats or button-downs. They were elements of home-living and domesticity that were brought into the present with what has now become Nicolas LongName's signature futurism aesthetic. He said his goal was "to ennoble every day objects." Mission accomplished. Ew, that makes me think of Tom Cruise, which makes me think of him jumping on Oprah's couch. And we don't like to talk about that here. So instead I will say, "A+"! But that makes me think of school, and it is the weekend, so we don't like to talk about that here, either. Gosh, is there a reason that there isn't a way to say "GOOD JOB" without being reminded of something terribly disturbing? Well...I guess I could always just say "good job." So, um, good job, Nicky G! (Why do I think this much about these things?) ANYWAY. Futuristic classics! Right! On the far left and far right, updated versions of quilting. The texture on the nude dress reminded me of doilies or lace napkins, and a simple wool sweater was brought into the future with bright green, sort of geometric threading (which really makes me think of that one lily pad game from Zoombinis . In a good way!) The shoes (which were totally killer) were the greatest indication of this - oxfords or loafers or a wood-looking material elevated with geometric shapes and of what looked like minerals (and whose patterns and colors reminded me a lot of Snood . WHY IS THIS COLLECTION THE SUMMARY OF OUR FAMILY COMPUTER'S ACTIVITY FROM THE YEARS 2002-2005?) The closing looks were WORDS. Lots of em. Some looked like newspaper or tabloid headlines, and some were in electric clock fonts. In a few looks, they were attached to and appeared to be pouring out of the skinny-legged pants, and in others, were printed on ninja star-shaped marshmallows held together by their corners. I couldn't figure out what this was getting at, but have a feeling it has to do with bringing communication to a new medium. HA. Yeah, that's all I got. As a look, I dig it, though. There were then pieces that weren't so obviously on the same wavelength as the collection's concept when broken down, but still felt just as modern. Palettes from Spring were updated , grey coats like the one below were simple as silhouettes but calmly assertive. Same goes for the textural pants mixed with humble striped sweaters. Also? That dress next to the lil orange number? Needs to be styled with sheer Rodarte AW10 pants? Because it would look pretty and what I say goes? GOOD. The dune itself is the tallest in the UAE at over 300 meters, and the grade of the hill is roughly 50 degrees. Sharp, huh?The turbocharged engines themselves costs $90,000 USD and up, and some drivers watch that $90,000 go up in flames. Going...Going...Gone!The driver in the shot above slowly reversed down the dune, and got out unscathed. This driver was not so lucky.He rolled forward a couple of times up the hill, and then, after watching the video on youtube, he rolled what looked to be about 18+ complete turns down to the bottom of the hill.Through the grapevine we are told that the driver did not survive. If any readers can provide additional information, that would be helpful.You can read more about the Liwa Festival and the Mureeb Challenge in this article by The National. As mentioned in a previous post, it does rain in the desert. November-February tend to be the wetter months, but random storms are known to occur outside of the 'winter' months. I snapped these shots several weeks ago (using my mobile camera) when the UAE was hit with a series of rainstorms that our storm sewers simply couldn't accommodate. I was on my way home from work, and couldn't believe the amount of standing water.Later that same evening, there was so much water in the Khalidiya part of town that parked sedans were victims of the 'wake' caused by moving traffic. Many of them had water splashing midway up the door.My students reacted to the rain much the way kids in the U.S. respond to snow. They were happy to dance around and enjoy it while it lastedthe culprit, circle side in... We haven't taken it out to play yet, but I'm sure we will soon. That means sooner or later a 'Jeep' post will be in the future! Probably later than sooner, because it's not broke in yet. But when that day comes, you'll know! I left out the details on this post &amp; just wanted to get back into the swing of things. I miss you all &amp; look forward to new adventures in this new year!.......Sooner than later....... Just a quick note to let you know I have been a little busy lately. In October, my laptop with all my saved pictures decided not to work anymore, (I did buy a new one), so it has been hard for me to write on the blog. Most people have put their motorcycles away for winter, so riding has been limited also. I miss riding &amp; writing and will be back at this A.S.A.P!It IS the Holidays and things have been crazy for everyone, I'm sure.                                                               From My family to yours                                                                ~HAPPY HOLIDAYS~ View Larger MapAs most of you already know, I bought a new camera and needed an excuse to use it, so on Saturday October 31st we headed out for a ride. As you can tell from the map, it wasn't a long ride, but we cruised the many curves and made it an all day event anyway.We stopped in Hornitos (which is a very small community) to use the facilities and wet our whistle. Check out this antique cash register that is still in use!As we were gettinJust a quick post to let you all know that St Vincent's Op Shop&nbsp; (10 Costas Drive, Hoppers Crossing) are open on Sundays from 11am (not too sure it could be 10am) to 3 pm. This is the only op shop, that I know of, which is open on Sundays AND their items are still reasonably priced! Do you know of any other op shops that are open on Sundays? If so do tell! Till next time... VF P.S. I'm holding my first ever giveaway! Make sure you enter at http://www.vintagefokus.blogspot.com/ Before I became a stay at home Mum, I worked in South Melbourne. I would visit the Emerald Hill Op-Shop at least once a week and found quite a few bargains over the years. I dropped in when I was last in South Melbourne, which I think was some time last year. The shop had changed and it was quite pricey. I found this movie on ABC iView all about the ladies that have run the shop for years. You can see an excerpt here. An unexpected op shop visit to the Red Cross Shop in the mall in Oakleigh yielded this pretty floral sheet for $5. I'm going to use it for fabric - I've already created a lined wrap skirt for my Etsy shop, and there's still quite a bit left to make something else. Vinnies in Crewe Street, Oakleigh, is great for books. Au Revoir by Mary Moody (once a presenter on Gardening Australia) made me want to run away to France, too (mind you, I'd run away to almost anywhere I'm so keen to go travelling again!). The red book is a great basic guide to knitting, in the Pelham Craft Series (I have another of these on soft toy making) and published in 1973. It might actually encourage me to learn a couple of new stitches and make something other than socks and scarves! Each of these was a mere $1. I did a spot of op-shopping this weekend and found this gorgeous retro print of a little boy and his dog standing in the rain. I think it is a ¡°kitsch¡± type of print but I¡¯m just guessing from what little research I¡¯ve done on the net . It is very ¡°vintage¡± and I thought it would be a perfect addition to the nursery ? not to mention too cute to pass on. http://www.vintagefokus.blogspot.com/ There is a run of good opshops along this road. Vinnies, the Salvos, and another which supports a local charity. I dropped into each of them yesterday while I was over that side of town (I'm not often over there), and bought these few items: Wrist watch marked at $20, I paid $10. The metal on the band of my old watch has gone strange, kind of gritty, and is uncomfortable against my skin, so I thought it was about time for a new one. I like plain clear faces on watches, with numerals instead of dots, so this is ideal. The Salvos were having a 'everything is half price' day, otherwise I might not have paid $20 for it. This is one of those cards that has digital sound when you open it - this one being kookaburras laughing. They are one of my favourite birds, so for $4 I grabbed it, just for fun. I've been looking for something cool to swan around the house in on hot days, and would have preferred cotton, but it is very hard to find 100% cotton clothes these days, so I settled for this shift thingy for $6. I've lost some of these hooks from our curtains over the years, and have never got around to replacing them, so when I saw a box of these for 20c each, it was finally time to fix those darn curtains! I'd arranged to meet friends for coffee, and they said if they weren't in the cafe, they'd be in the opshop nearby, and sure enough, that's where they were. I'd been in the same shop two days ago, but for a small shop they have a fast turnover, and there is always new stuff! I found this really ugly blouse for $1, with pretty machine embroidered Xmas motifs on it. When I got home, I cut out the motifs and cut off the buttons. The rest of the shirt is in hubby's rag bag. Somebody had apparently been to the USA and bought a heap of souvenir cloth badges, but never got around to sewing them on to articles of clothing. I'll be cutting them up to embellish fabric postcards, ATCs, or other patchwork. 40 cents each. I love anything with Peacocks, so I wasn't going to leave this little brass dish beind - 50 cents! There was a basket full of laces for $1 a roll, so I grabbed these to share with a friend in the USA who loves laces. The lady at the counter said "Oh that lace has been going out the door today!" and I wondered what else I'd missed out on! These finds are from a trip to Frankston in December, to take advantage of one of Saver's half price garment Mondays. There are enough op shops in the main shopping area to make a day trip a worthwhile exercise - I think I visited five, including Savers. Above are a jumper and cardigan which I intend to deconstruct for the yarn. You can't ever have too much yarn :) The purple cardi has giant snaps down the front, which I'll also reclaim and repurpose. I'd priced snaps about this size in the haberdashery section a while back and they retail for at least $1 each, and I have six of them now. Both knits were two or three dollars each. A large scarf featuring a gorgeous print of horses. I tried to convince the checkout operator that scarves are apparel, but apparently they're considered accessories and not included in the half price offer. Still a bargain at $3.95, I think. I may turn this one into a halter top, if I can bear to cut it. A cowboy motif doona cover that I'll use as fabric. I couldn't resist the cute print. Enough here to make a shirt, a skirt and still have some left over. Can't remember the price exactly, but it was about $5. A gorgeous green caftan, for me to wear in the heat. Cool and comfortable now that I've altered it to my satisfaction: it was a little tight over the Rack of Doom, so I let it out at the side seams only to find that this rendered it rather shapeless in other areas. So I added a couple of waist ties to tie at the back and now I love it. $9 at Savers. An "Eight Wives of Henry the VIII" tea towel, to be refashioned into a tote bag. $1.95. (Edited: Obviously that was meant to be "Six Wives of Henry VIII" - I think Melbourne's hot and muggy spell has damaged my brain) An Isle of Wight tea towel, also to be refashioned into a tote bag. Also $1.95. Both tea towels from Savers. On the same trip, I also bought ten balls of black mohair yarn, at $1 a ball in St Vinnies, plus a set of dominoes for $2 in another op shop (can't remember which, memory failure due to hot weather). Like I wrote earlier, can't have too much yarn! The dominoes are intended for a jewellery project I have in mind, and they came in a little wooden box that I'll use for something else. A good day. I would love to read about it if you did. I'd love to go on a trip like that, but I really don't need to...I do my own opshop tours without any help, lol. Popped into the local Brotherhood shop again today and found these goodies. It really is a neat little shop, they always seem to have new stuff coming in, and put it on the shelves within minutes of receiving and pricing it! They are just down the road from me; too close really....I can't resist dropping in when I walk by ;-) This cotton hand embroidered cloth was 40 cents. I've got hundreds, but this is so beautifully stitched, I couldn't leave it behind for that price. I fell in love with this enamel brooch for $4, thinking I would use it to embellish a crazy patchwork block, but when I got it home and had a closer look, I decided no, it's too good for that, so it's in my jewellery box. Here is the brooch again, with a bead necklace for 50 cents. I would normally not have looked twice at that, but have a look at the top I was wearing today - perfect match!! I am not ashamed to say that I am a dork. An internet geek. Next to Ella, my computer is my best friend. And it's one of the best friends a girl could have. It doesn't give me attitude; it would never leave me for another user; it wouldn't borrow money and then disappear. Yes, I'm happy to say that our relationship is truly solid. That's not to say I haven't had some bad ones in the past, but ever since I got together with my Mac, it's been pure bliss... As a quick aside, I happen to love the series of Mac vs. PC ads created by Apple. In case you aren't familiar with them, here's one (I chose one with a dog in it for the sake of blog relevancy) Anyway, I hop into bed with Mac every night. Ella's not particularly happy to have to share the bed with him. She usually puts up a fight and tries to draw my attention away from his glossy screen by digging at the bed, climbing in my lap, or just plain barking in my face. Yes, my little girl is the epitome of subtle and mature. But, as with most, Ella can only hate on Mac for so long before she realizes that, well, he's pretty freakin' cool. See for yourselves... Don't be alarmed, folks. My Mac is NOT growing an odd, furry appendage... ...nor has Apple developed the technology to spawn animal hindquarters (at least, not to my knowledge)... That's just my Ella finally letting go of her completely unfounded objections to Mac... ...and feeling totally good about it. "Ohhhhh, man....it never felt this good with PC." How many creatures do you imagine could squeeze into my little shoebox of an apartment? Lord knows I've complained before about it being too small for Ella and myself, so any more than two would certainly be a bad idea, right? Well, for kicks, I decided to test that out Labor Day weekend when my parents (Ella's grandfurma and grandfurpa) came to stay with me and also brought their 12 year old dog, Jenna. "Five living things coexisting in a tiny apartment for 36 hours" may not actually break any Guinness world records , but I wonder if "Five living things almost losing their minds while failing to peacefully coexist in a tiny apartment" would? Ok well I should clarify that it was really the furry inhabitants that disturbed the peace. The drama began when I busted out the aerobed . Ella is not a fan of self-inflation - that much was made clear as she ran to her protector (the toilet bowl) to get away from the weird blue rapidly growing monster that makes "ssssssssssssss" noises... Of course, when faced with the choice of sleeping on the cold, hard bathroom floor, or cuddling with momma on the crazy bed, she demonstrated a miraculous recovery... Of course, that is not to say that Ella didn't try to recoup her spot on the real bed and tell grandma to bugger off... But the activity that caused all the humans in the shoebox to drink heavily and look for ways to pop the top off or bust through the sides or SOMETHING was the incessant posturing between Jenna and Ella. Momentarily fearful of the aerobed , they soon both decided to take it over. As you can see by their expressions, the take-over was not a joint effort and it would take a battle royale to determine who would ultimately become Queen of the Faux Mattress. Only Ella doesn't truly battle over anything because she doesn't take anything seriously. Yelling, lunging, barking, howling...all signs of play to my Ella. Dominance schmominance. Territory? Mi territory es su territory! No worries! Let's just play! Jenna's response? Shut it, kid...I haven't played in years and I'm not about to start with you... In the end, I'd call it a draw. Jenna and Ella agreed to disagree and the humans parted ways with hugs and headaches. If I were a journalist, I'd surely be fired for being this late on a story. Lucky for me, I'm not a journalist - I'm a blogger. And I've got puppy pics that are timeless in their adorability. I can even make up words like "adorability"...with this kind of freedom, why would anyone want to bother reporting on legitimate and current news? Anyway, in case you hadn't heard, to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the development of the original design plans for Central Park, the Central Park Conservancy and the New York City Department of Parks &amp; Recreation set up a hot air balloon ride for New Yorkers and visitors alike to catch a bird¡¯s eye view of the City and the Park. The balloon was flying through August 22nd. Sorry you missed it. If the site's still up, you can get more detail on it here . (but why bother...it's over and done...perhaps you should just scroll down to the cute puppy pics below since that's what you're here for anyway) Strangely, dogs aren't weren't permitted on the balloon ride. Perhaps it's too risky having all that fur flying around so close to the flames of the burner (although I bet the FURminator could take care of that)...Or maybe it's because the basket wasn't intended for quadrupeds, so allowing them would mean fewer riders per trip and less $$ in the balloon company's pocket (Cue hard-nosed journalistic headline: "Dogs keep Aeroballoon's profits from reaching the sky")... Honestly my biggest concern was that Ella would have caught the urge to indulge her predatory bird instinct at 500 feet in the air. So we thought it best to admire the balloon from the safety of the ground at Cherry Hill . Sorry I don't have any aerial shots for you, but aren't pics of Ella with her tongue hanging out WAY cuter? Enjoy. And here are some views of the balloon from the northwest side of The Lake ... Ella LOVES horses... almost as much as horse poop. (sorry - but it's true...that sh-- is like doggie catnip!) But while she might admire them from afar as they majestically trot through the park, she isn't too keen on them being all up in her water trough. Only it's not technically Ella's trough (try telling her that). This is one of the troughs along Central Park South dedicated to the carriage horses by the ASPCA . And the truth of the matter is that Ella is too much of a diva to stick her head in and drink directly from the trough anyway. Momma had to fill her portable plastic cup from the spigot like we do at all the other people-dedicated water fountains (momma's actually ok with that - if you saw how dirty that water was, you would be too). Anyway, point is, Ella was really lapping up that nice cold water in her clean personal cup when she came face to face with the one animal she has never (yet) tried to incite play with (thank god)... Horse to Ella: "You betta check yo'self." Horse again to Ella: "Uh huh, that's what I thought." Ella to Horse: (mumbling under her breath) "Oh come on this is getting ridiculous now. Nobody needs THAT much water..." Ella to herself: "OK THAT IS IT! I'm about to make my move if this horse doesn't trot on in 10 seconds." Ella to Momma: "Momma are you sure you don't have any Poland Spring in your bag? I am so parched..." You might have noticed that I've been a bit light with the blog postings lately. I can't deny it - guilty as charged. But there are extenuating circumstances, I swear. I have proof. Ladies and gentlemen, exhibit A. Meet Ella - The Energizer Puppy. If I didn't know better, I'd swear she was plugged into the wall somewhere because her energy just never seems to drain. It is my only mission in life to find SOMETHING that will tire Ella out so that momma can get a moment to relax (is ONE moment too much to ask for?). Thankfully, I recently managed to find something that occupied Ella for one evening (hey, I'll take it) - a puppy-sized stuffed toy creatively named "Monkey". I owe Monkey a great deal for this - he not only filled in as Ella's playmate for an evening, but also provided priceless entertainment... Ella was so excited to meet Monkey that I didn't even have time to remove his tags and stickers before she pounced. Ella shows Monkey she ain't afraid of no primates. "Yeah, a lot of good those opposable thumbs are doing you now, eh Monkey?!!" "Say uncle! Say uncle!!" Ella puts Monkey in a head lock. He looks surprisingly comfortable. Monkey tries to gain advantage by tickling Ella - she laughs uncontrollably but won't relent. Time out. Like true competitors, in the end they lay down and snuggle and put the match behind them. (Wait, that's not what Nadal and Federer did after the finals of Wimbledon this year? Hmm. Humans are weird.) Anyway, Monkey succeeded in draining Ella's batteries for a little while. The question in my mind is, who will take on Ella next? Because right now, momma is saying uncle. UNCLE!!! "Oh, look!...is it a puppy?" "Yes, she's not quite 8 months." "Oh, she's beautiful. Is she trained?" "Um, how so? I mean, she housetrained but eh er uh..." Silence. "She's a good girl - for the most part. She's just got a lot of energy." "Well of course...she's a puppy! Is she a chewer?" "Definitely, yes, I'm going bankrupt buying bones to keep her mouth occupied!" "Does she chew on your shoes?" "Haha...well if there's no bone around, she's got to chew on something right?" -coughs, looks down at the ground out of embarrassment, scurries off- Look, don't blame me! I'm clearly doing all I can to train Ella properly. To ensure she chews only on designated toys and bones. To teach my furbaby the difference between a "good chew" and a "bad chew". Are you saying there's some reason Ella might think that because it's ok to chew on this toy... ...it's ok to chew on this too?... I don't see the connection. Sorry. Today was one of the most beautiful days we've had in NYC in a long time. Perhaps it's the relative lack of humidity that's got me feeling so good...or maybe I'm deficient in Vitamin D and the sunshine has replenished me...in truth I think I really owe it all to Christopher Cross. He's in my head, he won't leave, and I'm totally fine with it. As Ella and I made our way around the Conservatory Water in Central Park, we both found ourselves smiling at all of the sailboats. For those of you who aren't familiar, the Conservatory Water is an ornamental boat pond of sorts where people can casually sail (or race - for the true sportsman or uptight New Yorker) sailboats. It's a relaxing place to begin with, but the sailboats just add to the magic. And I couldn't help but set the whole scene to music - Christopher Cross's "Sailing" . I think I kept the theme music mostly inside my head, though I can't deny there may have been some humming aloud during the chorus. Now it's your turn to hum along... I recently relayed the news about Ella gutting her beloved Raffy. The loss was so sudden and shocking that I made the decision to keep Raffy's remains around for as long as I could. Sick, maybe...but with his stuffing fully gone, I figured he couldn't pose much of a threat to Ella's digestive system, and frankly I really like Raffy and am perfectly happy tossing his limp shell around the shoebox for Ella to chase. Earlier this evening, I noticed Ella was hiding under my desk, shooting me a guilty look out of the corner of her eye. I knew immediately that meant she had something in her mouth that she knew damn well she ought not to. I pried open her jaws of steel, and a round, brown, mushy ball-shaped thing dropped into my hand. I screamed bloody murder at first, thinking it was part of a bodily organ of another animal she'd killed, or a piece of some kind of nasty that she'd snuck in from the mean city streets...in a few seconds though, my squeals turned to hysterical laughter as I realized what it was. Ladies and gentlemen, exhibit A: And Exhibit B: And Exhibit C: Ella's wrath directed toward Raffy is relentless! The poor thing is now eviscerated and sans eye. If I had to venture a guess, I'd say Ella will take the other eye next and then move on to his ear. I will say, though...I've never seen ANYTHING keep Ella's attention quite so much as Raffy's eye. Perhaps I'll hold onto the eyes and use them as training treats. That might be a good, maximum incentive treat to use while we're practicing "Come"...even filet mignon couldn't top a furry eyeball apparently. Oh I hear ya...He's just a two year old how hard could it be?Ah-ha, thought you'd never ask!Here's just one example of what I've been going through...Just the other day...I had to make a very important phone call. As the phone on the other end is ringing, I spotted Madisen and asked her to run and see where Jake was. ( As I know it only takes a second before he's into something.) "He's fine, Kailey's going to play with him while your on the phone." , She said.Approximately 20 minutes later I get off the phone, turn around, and see Jake walking towards me waddling like a duck. He's covered from head to toe with paint, making paint footprints behind him. "Look Mommy, I paint!!" he said in a lovely shade of purple.I can only imagine the haunting shade of white my face became, as the shock rushed over me. I immediately grabbed him up and went running for the bath tub. Screaming in panic for the girls to hurry and help, I went as fast as I could. "Strip your clothes off, and what ever you do, DO NOT let Jake out of the tub!!"I knew wherever the paint was, time was of the essence to get it up. As I followed the painted footprints imprinted in the carpet. (Of our RENTED house might I ad) I was led straight to the masterpiece corner! He had somehow managed to get open two containers of paint. One Red &amp; one blue.(Which were in a case and up high. Obviously not high enough!)Mr. Man, had painted the walls, his toys, his bed, his bedding, and HIMSELF! It's been roughly nine months since I got a sweet F-bomb out of Gordon Ramsay over the name of my blog, "That would put a f---ing glass eye to sleep!" Three girls and I had dinner at Mojito in Brooklyn, one of Ramsay's fixer-uppers on "Kitchen Nightmares," and tonight's the night it all goes down live on Fox. Tune in at 9 p.m. ET/8C. It scares me to tell you to watch it, without having seen it myself, but it's sure to give you a good laugh. Let me know what you think, and if you've just recently discovered my blog, click here for the colorful write-up of that eventful evening. Unless you read her book, of course. I finished reading "My Life in France" two days ago and the movie " Julie &amp; Julia " just ended on my DVR. I wanted to know Julia Child through her own words first so I could test the movie against them (or the words she wrote with her beloved husband Paul Child's grand-nephew Alex Prud'homme). "My Life in France" was a delightful read. It made me nostalgic for my three adolescent years growing up in Paris while it also inspired me to take cooking classes. I don't know if I'm cut out for Le Cordon Bleu , but an introductory course somewhere might do. If you're at all interested in food or cooking I highly advise reading it from cover to cover. I can't wait to buy "Mastering the Art of French Cooking" (Volumes I and II) and "From Julia Child's Kitchen" (a book Julia calls her "favorite"). I'm still uninterested, however, in reading the blog-turned-book "Julie &amp; Julia" written by Julie Powell. I liked Powell's husband in the movie way more than I liked Powell (and I adore Amy Adams). I decided to share a few items that I found fascinating from Julia's tale. Here is a taste: 10. Julia attended Smith College. She majored in history and graduated in 1934. Her plan after college was to become a famous woman novelist. She sought employment at Time, Newsweek and The New Yorker and when she didn't get a job at either magazine, she worked in the advertising department at the W. &amp; J. Sloane furniture store. She made $25 a week. 9. Julia met Paul while working for the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) and "looking for adventure." The OSS was an intelligence agency formed during World War II. The two met in Ceylon (what is now Sri Lanka) in 1944; both were transferred with the OSS to Kunming, China; and in September of 1946 they were married. Paul had a black belt in judo and was a "physical person." He was a photographer and "his pleasure was in the act of creating." Paul took many of the photographs Julia used to inspire the artwork in her "Mastering" cookbook. Julia and Paul never got around to sending Christmas cards so instead they sent their family and friends homemade Valentine's Day cards. The more ridiculous the better. They seemed to be an adorable couple and I hope for that kind of married happiness someday. 8. One of Julia and Paul's first meals in France was at Restaurant La Couronne in Rouen, the city where St. Joan of Arc was burned at the stake. Julia described it as "the most exciting meal" of her life. She feasted on sole meuniere and oysters. The restaurant is considered to be the oldest inn in France established just a few years ago in 1345. 7. Julia was big on nicknames. Her sister Dorothy -- five years her junior -- was nicknamed "Dort the Wort" while Julia was called "Julia Pulia" and at some times even "Juke the Puke." Julia became a very good friend of the legendary James Beard (he asked Julia to call him Jim) and whenever they cooked together they were known as GiGi, as in Jim and Julie with the letter "j" pronounced the French way. 6. Julia attended her first cooking class at Le Cordon Bleu with 11 GIs who were "studying cooking under the auspices of the GI Bill of Rights." She was the star student, although she began unable to properly scramble an egg. 5. Julia sought a diploma from Le Cordon Bleu so she could teach but she failed the first exam. It was made of two parts: a written and practical exam. She aced the written but didn't know how to cook a single item on the practical exam. It included the following: an oeuf mollet , a veau "en surpise ," and caramel custard. Her teacher Chef Bugnard insisted that despite this debacle, Child was qualified to be a chef. She aced the second exam and became a graduate of Le Cordon Bleu. 4. On November 6, 1959, after more than seven years of collaboration, Julia's manuscript for a cookbook, co-written with two of her French friends Simone "Simca" Beck (later Madame Jean Fischbacher) and Louisette Bertholle, was rejected by the editor-in-chief at Houghton Mifflin for being "a big, expensive cookbook of elaborate information" that "might well prove formidable to the American housewife. She might easily clip one of these recipes out of a magazine but be frightened by the book as a whole." 3. The woman who would later be Julia's editor, Judith Jones, left New York for Paris in 1948 at the age of 24 for a three-week vacation, got her purse stolen and never left (her return ticket was in her purse). She was working for Doubleday in New York at the time and ended up getting a job as an editorial assistant to a Doubleday editor in Paris. She just so happened to pick up a book her boss was planning to reject, urged him to give it a second go and when he did, Doubleday bought it and it became a worldwide sensation. You may have heard of it: "Ann Frank: The Diary of a Young Girl." A similar situation happened with Julia's manuscript. Jones tested several of the recipes, realized what an incredible feat it was and insisted to her bosses it be published. In May 1960 Jones sent Julia the good news. "We have come to the conclusion it is a unique book that we would be very proud to have on the Knopf list." 2. The original title of "Mastering" was "French Recipes for American Cooks" and Jones said no way. Early contenders were "The Master French Cookbook" and "The French Cooking Master." Until finally "Mastering the Art of French Cooking." Et voila! Bon appetit! 1. Julia and Paul called their homes by names. They lived at 81 Rue de L'Universite in Paris and they called it "Rue de Loo." They called their property in Provence La Pitchoune or "Little Thing." Julia held onto La Peetch for nearly 30 years -- from 1965 until June 1992. Paul was 90 and living in a nursing home outside Boston at the time when she decided to move on from their "spiritual home." When asked if she was going to miss it, Julia replied, "I've always felt that when I'm done with something I just walk away from it -- fin !" She added, "the heart had gone out of it for me now." Sad, in a way, but I know exactly what she meant. Aphrodisiac: a food, drink or drug that stimulates sexual desire; a thing that causes excitement. We've all heard of the term, and at one point or another, I'm sure we've all consumed one or several of them. Has it made you hornier or more of a sex machine? The jury's out, but for a different take on the Valentine's Day list of restaurants, here's my top 10 sexual helpers paired up with the places you can find them in New York City. Have fun and best of luck with finding love and some heat this weekend. 10. Asparagus Asparagus ¡°stirs up lust in man and woman," wrote a 17th century herbalist. Asparagus is a great source of potassium, fiber, vitamin B6, vitamins A and C, and thiamin and folic acid. Folic acid is known for boosting histamine production necessary for the ability to reach orgasm in both sexes. You'll find the best asparagus dish in the city at Riposo 72 . The sleeper wine bar on the Upper West Side grills its asparagus and wraps them in prosciutto and a thin layer of melted parmesan. It's to die for. 9. Avocado Like the asparagus, the avocado is rich in folic acid. And just look at it. Its shape alone is sexual. So much so that Catholic priests in Spain once forbade it. The best way to eat avocado is sliced on a sandwich, in sushi or chopped up in guacamole. For the first, head to Cafe Ronda for their chipotle sandwich with chicken, onions and avocados. For sushi head to BondSt for their salmon avocado roll. You'll find the best guacamole in the city at Mama Mexico on the Upper West Side or at any Rosa Mexicano location. The freshly-made guac is the stuff and both of these Mexican-themed restaurants chop the avocado right in front of you. 8. Bananas In addition to potassium, bananas contain chelating minerals and the bromeliad enzyme, that are believed to enhance the male libido. Look at your significant other, start pealing one and eat it in front of him or her with a straight face. Have fun with that. The only bananas I've eaten in this city, excluding the ones for 60 cents at my office cafeteria, have been on pancakes. Head to Norma's for a sick short stack. Their banana-macadamia nut flap jacks with whipped banana and brown sugar butter are off the charts. 7. Foie Gras I've never been a huge fan of foie gras (or how they treat the ducks in the process), but if you're a Francophile in search of some loving, hit up Bar Boulud . They have an excellent selection of foie gras and pates. Try their country pate foie gras with truffle juice and port. Whether it's the ingredients or the fine food's mystique that grabs you, if eating it makes you feel sexy, go for it. 6. Basil Smelling basil alone puts me under. Head to Kuma Inn for their steamed edamame with Thai basil-lime oil. If you prefer going the Italian route, head to Gradisca for a couple of options. Not only is this one of my favorite Italian spots in the city, but it's romantic as well and you can try their caprese salad with basil or the cavatelli pasta with tomato, eggplant and basil. 5. Pine Nuts Pine nuts are high in zinc -- a mineral necessary to maintain male potency. Kefi has an incredible dish with pine nuts: the sheep's milk dumplings with tomatoes, pine nuts and warm, soft feta. If I could I would eat at Kefi once a week. An alternative to the dumplings would be Frederick's caprese salad with pine nuts sprinkled on top. 4. Chocolate Chocolate contains chemicals thought to effect neurotransmitters in the brain. The Aztecs once called chocolate the "nourishment of the gods." Sfoglia serves an incredible pasta dish with chocolate: its gnocchi with mushroom and chocolate shavings. If you'd rather have chocolate in a sexy dessert, head to Artisanal for their romantic chocolate fondue. 3. Garlic The "heat" in garlic is said to stir sexual desires. I eat garlic in just about anything, but one of my favorite dishes in the city is at Esperanto . They serve mussels on the half shell, roasted with garlic, topped with parmesan and paprika. Pair the mussels with one of Esperanto's exceptional Brazilian cocktails and you're sure to score big this weekend. Good also flaunts its mussels with tons of garlic in addition to white wine, herbs and grilled country bread. 2. Wine We all know red wine can be awfully seductive and this city has its fair share of places to find it. Though wine bars have a rather effeminate sound to them, don't fear, gents, bring your gal to one of these low-key spots and you'll be a hit. Riposo 72 makes it on the aphrodisiac list twice. You don't even have to taste the wine here to feel sexy -- you'll feel hot just holding their huge wine glasses. Their cozy warm atmosphere is heavy on the romance as well. Taste is another favorite of mine for vino. For more generous pours head to i Trulli , Peasant , Bar Boulud , Grape and Grain , and clo wine bar at Columbus Circle. If you want to stay in with your honey, head to Morrell's in Rockefeller Center or 67 Wine for my two favorite wine stores in the city. 1. Oysters The Romans were the first to label oysters as an aphrodisiac. There are many places to find oysters in New York City. The best in my book is Aquagrill in the West Village. Some runners-up would be Grand Central Oyster Bar , Jack's Luxury Oyster Bar and Morimoto . If you're in the mood for surf and turf, grab some oysters at my new favorite steakhouse Keen's . "ARE YOU ALIVE?????? WHEN CAN WE GET DINNER?!?!??" asked FunStar. She's always so dramatic. She produces a cable news show and they type the rundown in all caps and I think she forgets to turn off her work type from time to time. I still love her. FunStar sent me a few of these e-mails starting back in November and it took us until the first week in January to get together. She always has a wish list of places to try -- a few years back she had an Excel spreadsheet -- so I asked her to e-mail me the ones at the top of this list. Excel or no excel, when I saw Momofuku Ssam Bar on the list, I got fired up. Johnny Depp is to the Academy Award as I formerly was to David Chang's restaurants. (If you don't know Chang, please read this article before you proceed. You will not regret it. I wish Larissa MacFarquhar did profiles on all of New York City chefs. I've had a crush on the guy ever since.) Momofuku restaurants have been eluding me for years. Much like Babbo once was to me, the restaurants in the Momofuku family had an unattainable quality to them. I would hear someone asking if I'd tried Momofuku Ko, if I liked Momofuku Noodle Bar, if I wanted to go to Ssam Bar and I'd throw my head back, roll my eyes and give them a loud "Pfffhhaa! Good luck." I am the first to admit that if a restaurant is notoriously hard to get into I will avoid it at all costs, or wait around until it's uncool to try it. Sadly, neither Momofuku Ssam Bar nor any of its sister restaurants are getting any uncooler so FunStar gave me the kick in the pants I needed to swallow my ferocious pride and give it a whirl. There was one slight problem. Over the past four months I've been eating strictly vegetarian. I feared eating at one of Chang's spots would be a total disaster. I even asked my Twitter followers and @eaterny if there was a point in me trying Momofuku Ssam Bar. The responses were mixed. One person wrote: don't go to momo if you're a vegetarian there are better choices. Another wrote: pork buns and spicy rice cakes...and compost cookies. Drool. While a third wrote: There are fish options and a veg or 3. I consulted the menu and it looked doable. We would dine at Momofuku Ssam Bar despite FunStar being concerned about her having to eat all the meat dishes by herself. I told her she'd live. I showed up at 8:25-ish. The place was a zoo, yet the hostess came and found me like a magnet. When I told her I was waiting for my friend running late from work, she pointed me in the direction of the Milk Bar and said she'd come in to check on me to see if my second party had arrived. I couldn't get over how friendly she was. I was surprised by the simplicity of the decor in Ssam Bar. The tables were like picnic benches with an Asian flare. The chairs were backless. Folks at tables were to the right side (and there weren't a lot of them) and to the other side was the bar. It seemed like some of the tables were communal. Both the bar and table areas took up an equal amount of space in the dining room. The decor wasn't the hype here, or the coziness. The food was. Backless chairs don't lend well to settling in and hanging around for hours. The horizontal wood paneling and table design reminded me of that of the Chelsea pizzeria Co. I wasn't entirely sure what the hostess meant by the Milk Bar. I knew it was attached but visually I couldn't see what she meant. I just kept following the narrow space between the bar and the tables, saw the bright light of the open kitchen at the far end of the dining room and found another hallway. At the end of this hallway there were large groups of people standing in line for bakery items, ranging from cookies and cakes to ice cream and soft serve. I guess it doubled as the waiting room. I plopped my pur-ggage on the table with a thud and made it clear I'd be staying for a while. I whipped out Julia Child's "My Life in France" and began to alternate between reading a few paragraphs and checking out the commotion around me. I heard about four different accents in the span of 20 minutes: Bostonian, Australian, German and French. This place was no secret to foreigners. Everyone knew and idolized Chang. The four young 20-something dudes behind me were drooling over what pork plate they were going to get, how Chang's fried chicken was "bad ass," and how they wanted a compost cookie for later. What the hell was a compost cookie? I looked up and saw it had pretzels, potato chips, butterscotch, coffee, oats and chocolate and any other crumbs lying around the kitchen Chang and his chefs could find. This was right up my alley. A petite blond college student in front of me was going on and on to her two friends about balancing studying with her long-distance boyfriend and how she was really more into hooking up locally with randoms than having a committed relationship with someone who was far away. Her boring "far away" man was in Boston. I was tempted to blurt out her ridiculous whining on Overheardinnewyork.com , but I decided to continue reading instead. Where was FunStar? The hostess came to check on me at least one more time before FunStar arrived. I couldn't believe how incredible the service was. She could have just dumped me in the back and waited for me to come find her when FunStar got there but no. She kept her word and made sure I was still solo. When FunStar did come she went and found our hostess. I almost told her not to worry she was looking out for us but I was getting pretty hungry at this point after all the compost talk so if FunStar could expedite the seat process I'd be thrilled. "Mona!" She waved at me at the end of the hallway connecting the Milk Bar to Ssam. "Really? Ready? Coming!" I shoved my book and gloves and hat and scarf in my pur-ggage and flew off to start our Ssam adventure. We snagged a great front seat at the bar. This was perfect. We could look at the menu, ask questions and watch the bartenders at work -- one of my favorite things to do. "So...I need an update. Like NOW!" "OK, OK... Christmas was incredible. We had the best time," I replied. "Can I get you guys a drink?" Asked a tall thin guy with a chunk of his blond hair spiked in the front and pointing off to the right like an arrow. He was wearing an interesting two-toned green T-shirt and when he stepped away it reminded me of the old hyper-color tees. "Oh shoot. We haven't gotten that far yet," I responded. "OK, let's choose our drinks and then you'll tell me what happened," said FunStar. FunStar told me about a drink she'd had recently called a French 75. Her version was made of Champagne, gin (though some recipes call for cognac or brandy) and lemon juice. We asked the bartender if he could make one. There were cocktails with Champagne on the menu, but he had an idea they weren't supposed to use Champagne for cocktails they didn't have on the menu. It sounded strange to us, but he was very smiley and friendly so we didn't think twice about it. I asked him about the seasonal pickle brine martini with Plymouth gin. To this dirty martini nut it sounded delish. I chose the classic with gin and FunStar went with a vodka version. "OK. Spill it!" "So... we met at our friend's wedding --" "Dude. I know that part. Fast forward to more recent," she ordered. "Ha! OK, OK. I don't remember what you know and what you don't know. We've seen each other four times now. He came to New York once and I went to Los Angeles twice--" "So you met him and you've seen him three times since and you're totally gonzo!?" "I know, I know. It must sound totally insane. But I'm totally insane about him. If you asked me to describe my dream man physically and emotionally it would be him. I just feel so lucky!" "I'm so happy for you!" "Christmas was a total whirlwind. We went whale-watching with his parents. Our parents met at dinner. Everyone got along super well. I spent a week with the fam and then I flew down to L.A. to be with him for four days. It was so awesome." "Wow," she responded. "Do you guys have any questions about the menu?" "Oh... we haven't even looked. Sorry..." "Let's pick out food and we'll keep talking after," suggested FunStar. "Done and done." We looked at the menu and there were a bunch of items that jumped out at us. We tried as much as we could between two girls, one being a vegetarian. As our first cocktails dried up, the bartender informed us he'd inquired about making the French 75 and that he could in fact use the champagne for items not on the drinks menu. It was very sweet of him to pursue this further, because we had certainly forgotten, so we ordered up a round of French 75s and kept ogling at the menu. We copied our neighbors and tried the cured hamachi with edamame, horseradish and pea leaves. The horseradish was charred black and I could have eaten the crumbles by the pint. The hamachi was light and fresh with an edamame sauce. The horseradish saved this dish from being bland. Next we tried the cracked Jonah crab claws with harissa mayo. Like I mentioned below at Choptank , crab claws don't really do it for me. I tried to suck all the meat and juice out of the smallest claw and it was a lot of work for not a lot of substance. Next time I eat a crab it'll be a full sucker. FunStar wasn't impressed either. FunStar tried the steamed pork buns with hoisin, cucumbers and scallions. Ever since eating at Kuma Inn I've loved the white gooey, almost marshmallow-like bun with pork belly. I kept to my vegetarian ways and just tried a sliver of the foamy bread and wished I could have had a plain side of the bun. I bet if I'd asked I could have. Rats. We finished up with the bread and butter plate with two types of butter: sea salt from Vermont and whipped lardo. The bread was disappointing. It was thick and heavy on the tough crust with too little soft on the inside. Maybe Chang should outsource the one thing he's not an expert in -- French bread (sorry FCI). S'il est deja en train de faire ceci, je suis tres desole. The butter, however, was ridiculous, especially the lardo. It was so rich it could have been cheese. I almost wanted to eat it plain with a spoon. I knew it would give me a heart attack so I refrained, but man. Who knew butter could be so flavorful? Chang. That's who. Last and definitely not least, we tried the fried brussels sprouts with mint and a fish sauce vinaigrette. With all the hype surrounding Momofuku we hadn't been all that moved by the food... until the brussels sprouts. I don't care if you've never liked or tried a brussels sprout in your life, this is one of New York's finest dishes. No joke. I couldn't figure out if I wanted to just inhale them or eat them slowly so they'd last longer. A couple sitting next to us asked what they should get and besides the pork belly and the hamachi I yelled with brussels sprouts hanging out of my mouth, "THUH BRUHTHULL THPROUTHS!" "So? Tell me more about MaineMan!!?" Throughout dinner it was a battle to consume what was in front of us and each other's lives over the past six months. "So... what is it about him, Mona?" I think I have a face now whenever someone mentions him. It's called MaineMan face and I get called out on it constantly. I light up like the tree and ice skating rink at Rockefeller Center. "I always told my mom I needed to find myself a mountain man, a manly man, someone who was tough as nails on the outside, but a soft, sensitive guy on the inside. MaineMan is that guy." "I love it!" "I don't know. I'll always be an athlete at heart. And I've always needed someone equally as tough as me, both emotionally and physically, and I always found it hard to be attracted to someone who wasn't. This probably sounds ridiculous..." "NO! Go on." "I couldn't date a wuss or a whiner. I've never met someone tougher, more active and more ready for an adventure than he is. I asked him if he wanted to do a marathon and he said, 'Yeah, sure!' without a second thought. Are you kidding me!?" "I know exactly what you mean. We're both tough cookies. I needed that too," she added. It was a huge relief that what I was saying wasn't gibberish. "Right?! Yet, at the same time, he's a complete love... a total softie. So anyway...he's amazing and there isn't a second of any day where I don't doubt or question what he's thinking or feeling. Because he tells me all the time. It's never a mystery. And he lives across the country! I dated someone who I practically lived with who never said the sweet things MaineMan says to me. I really can't..." "Mona!" "... believe how lucky I am to have found..." "Mona!" "...him. I just feel so..." "Mona!" "Oh god, sorry. What?" "You're totally glowing. It's so great. GLOW-ING! I'm sooooo soooo happy for you." "Aww, thanks FunStar! It's just crazy. And I totally get it now." We wrapped up dinner, thanked our bartender profusely for taking such good care of us and headed to the Milk Bar for some dessert. FunStar had tried the cookies before and kept saying "blueberry blueberry blueberry" in my ear. I barely like fruit as it is so the thought of eating blueberries in a cookie just sounded borderline revolting. MaineMan teases me for being the only vegetarian he knows who doesn't like vegetables and fruit. After staring at the blackboard for a good solid five minutes and not really registering what was happening I gave in. We went with the blueberry and cream cookie and the compost cookie. These are the only two cookies you're allowed to try if you go to Chang's Milk Bar. They were soft, gooey, chewy and I wanted to wrap myself in them. Just how a cookie ought to be. "We¡¯re not the best cooks," Chang once told The New Yorker back in March 2008. "We¡¯re not the best restaurant -- if you were a really good cook you wouldn¡¯t be working here, because really good cooks are a--holes. But we¡¯re gonna try our best, and that¡¯s as a team." Chang is no bulls--- artist. And his food is no bulls--- either. I don't know if I'll ever be ready to fight the minions to get into Momofuku Ko, but I am psyched to know I can count on a bar stool at Ssam for brussels sprouts, lardo, a strong cocktail, great service and a warm compost cookie for dessert. Drool indeed. 207 2 Avenue, at 13th St. 212) 254-3500 Worked on this opus for 12 long hours yesterday. I found some great new friends on the Web, while reaching out to some old friends as well. I hope you enjoy these recipes! I'm seriously rethinking my decision to become a vegetarian after compiling this (but I won't, Winette, don't fret). I'm off to sunny Orlando with @Jcole this weekend. Disneyworld wedding, here we come. Until next week, friends. And you can click here for last year's rendition for another 10 gluttonous dishes. "Hey! We're going to grab dinner tonight at Choptank. Would you guys like to join? It looks v. yummy, classic B'more food," wrote Fashionista. "Only if you promise the hush puppies will be authentic. I'm in," said BYOWino. Fashionista made reservations for five of us at Choptank, the new Chesapeake Bay-themed restaurant in the west village. She's a sucker for anything that says Maryland or crabs so I knew it wouldn't be long until we ended up there, whether it was for FTDC or another occasion. My friend Sunkist was visiting from Colorado and I asked Fashionista if we could crash her and JerseyBoy's date night at Choptank. Every Friday they are in town they pick a restaurant off Eater's 38 (their list of essential New York dining spots). For this place they were making an exception. I wanted Fashionista to meet Sunkist and after a full day of back-to-back dance classes, I knew Sunkist would be up for a good, hearty meal. Sunkist and I went to school together in Charlottesville and we moved to Snowmass, Colo., after 9/11. Sunkist went from being the star of Aspen's Crystal Palace to producing her own children's plays in Aspen. She is opening up a dance studio as well and part of her goal in coming to New York was to brushen up on some of the hottest trends in dance. I could devote an entire post to our hip hop class at the Ailey Dance Studio , but I'll save that humiliation and embarrassment for only my closest friends (and the unlucky passersby who got to watch my sorry butt wiggle and wag in the Ailey fishbowl studio). Unfortunately, Sunkist had a class that night that went until nine. Reservations were at 8:30. "We can shower at the studio so we can be quick to meet up," she texted. I don't think Sunkist understood the whole New York reservation situation. I told her we'd play it by ear, knowing that we'd probably end up eating and meeting her somewhere after. Little Annie's in Aspen may let you hang out and casually wait for friends to arrive, but New York tables didn't quite work that way. I'd already asked Fashionista to change her reservation once and I didn't feel like making her do it again. I e-mailed a few friends who I thought would be interested in dinner and we had one taker: BYOWino. Sunkist would join us later after her class and either sit with us or at the bar, depending on the space. I was the first one to show up at Choptank. Since I'd been the annoying friend adjusting and readjusting our reservation, I was not going to be the annoying late friend. I walked in and felt sort of lost in the overly large empty space at the front for standing, checking in and waiting. There were two high tables with stools on either side of the door by the windows. One couple sat with their Blackberries lit on the table. He would answer, she would stare off into space, he would hang up; she would answer, he would stare off into space, she would hang up. This little dance continued for about 10 minutes. They seemed to be meeting more people like I was, yet they had drinks and I did not. Hmmph. After checking in I sat down opposite them and watched the place in action. The entrance space was straight up awkward. The bar behind the check-in table was a good four or five stairs up from ground level. They should have expanded the bar further towards the window and increased their stool surface area, while decreasing the over-sized pointless space in front. As soon as Fashionista, JerseyBoy and BYOWino arrived, we exchanged hugs, left our tired winter coats with a host and headed off to our table. The main dining area scored high on the cool meter. Choptank was dominated by its two huge square-shaped bars in the middle of the room. The space with tables (and those who weren't cool enough to make the cut at bar seats) seemed like a lame after-thought. If you go to Choptank, eat at the bar. I immediately wished I was meeting one person instead of three so I could sit in front of the bartenders, drink out of a big wine glass and stare at the oysters all night. The place was completely packed, yet somehow we scored the best table in the place - the end table right by the window. The dining area loops around to the left. After you pass the two bars you head down a few stairs again for the five or six tables on ground level. We were big fans of the corkboard on each wall. "I think we need to come in next time with a photo of all of us and just stick it up there," said Fashionista. "Hells YES! Right in the middle of all the beach and sand scenes," said BYOWino. "I love this plan," I added. I hope the wall has since filled up since we visited. It was looking a little sparse. Our waitress came to the table for our drink order. Fashionista and I ordered a couple of cocktails while the boys ordered beers. Our waitress was friendly and mildly attentive, but as sharp as a used piece of chewing gum. "What happened to the hush puppies? That was one of the reasons I came," said BYOWino, half-jokingly, half-serious. "Well...they had those in the beginning for our soft opening, then the chef must have taken them off the menu." "Why?" "I have no idea." "Does the crab chowder have corn in it?" Fashionista asked. "I have no idea." "Do you mind...err... finding out?" "Oh, you want me to find out? OK, sure." The cocktails were pretty intense. Mine was the size of a pint-glass and half-filled with ice. Potent. Fashionista's came out and I wanted to ask, "That's it?" It looked awfully silly next to my gargantuan drink. She tasted hers and was unhappy. It was a bit too heavy on the gin and you could barely taste the St. Germain, not to mention it was warm and would have tasted a million times better chilled. I liked mine, mostly for the ginger and huge ice cubes, and would definitely order it again. For starters we tried the crab claws. We tried ordering the crab dip and chips off the menu, but the waitress informed us each table got a complimentary order. This was a nice gesture, but perhaps best to take that off thHey kids.. sorry, but you probably won't be seeing a post on my Daring Baker challenge this weekend. Unfortunately what I thought was a simple cold has gotten worse and it's about kicked my arse. Combine that with work and my procrastination issues and well.. no Tiramisu in my kitchen this month. :( I did buy all the ingredients, so I'm ready to go in that respect.. just need my nose to dry the freeg up and then figure out a way to assassinate the lil fuckers in my head who are pounding the backs of my eyeballs with sledgehammers. Gah. So we'll see.. In the meantime, check out the Daring Bakers blogroll for 1000's of creative and beautiful Tiramisu participants.. everyone did (as usual!!) an amazing job with the challenge! Huge hugs to both Deeba and Aparna for being wonderful hostesses this month.. they picked an awesome challenge of making homemade mascarpone and lady finger cookies! From what I've read in our private forums, both of the recipes are delicious! I REALLY want to find out for myself! xoxo I had heard of the croque-monsieur sandwich often in the past year or so.. apparently it's making the rounds in the foodie-blog world, since that's where I discover many foods I'd never heard of before. It sounded intriguing, something I might want to try one day, but nothing to add to the MUST MAKE list. I mean seriously, it's a grilled ham &amp; cheese sammie. No big whoop. And then I was going through some magazine last week - for the life of me I can't remember what it was called - and saw this photo of the most awesome looking sandwich I'd ever seen. It had a fried egg on top! I don't think I've ever spoke of my obsession? fascination? complete and utter GLEE when it comes to the fried egg, specifically the yolk. But there's a twist. Yes, I love fried eggs for breakfast (or dinner) with the usual accoutrements - buttered toast, sausage or bacon, hashbrowns, you know.. heart attack on a plate? :) But this obsession - fascination - complete and utter glee that I feel when I see something topped with a friend egg, that normally wouldn't be topped with an egg.. I just.. can't find the words without sounding gross. Salivate upon seeing oozing yolk is what it is, but frankly, I just grossed myself out by saying that. Salivate and oozing really shouldn't be in the same sentence. Hopefully you yolk lovers out there will get where I'm coming from.. if not.. maybe try to block out what you've just read by closing your eyes tightly and singing LA LA LA LA LA I CAN'T HEAR YOU MISS GROSS-Y MCGROSSTER extremely loudly until the images go away. :P It was the mental vision of a crispy baked sammie loaded with cheese and that broken yolk oozing (I can't stop with the fakkin oozing! Someone give me a better word for crissakes - and don't say "runny" cuz that squicks me out too!) down the side of it that had me in such a tizz.. hell it could have been a rabbit turd &amp; peat moss sandwich and I would have been drooling all because of that egg. I once saw a salad made of greens, roasted sweet potato chunks and a big old fried egg on top and although I haven't made it YET, I still drool over the thought of it. A salad with roasted chunks of sweet potato for crissakes? All because of that ooz glorious fried egg. Anyhoo... As I read the intro to the recipe and realized it was a croque-monsieur with a fried egg thrown on top, the sandwich jettisoned to the MUST MAKE list tout de suite. So I ripped the pages out, brought it home to show hubbs and he agreed, we needed to have this for dinner ASAP. Basically, if ya'll haven't heard of the croque-monsieur, it's ham &amp; cheese (usually gruy¨¨re or emmental) between two slices of bread that have been slathered with a bechamel sauce, and then more cheese on top. It's baked until the edges are lightly browned and the cheese is melty and bubbly. Once it comes out of the oven, you slap a fried egg on top to create the croque- madame , throw a nice salad next to it and call it heaven on a plate. I made a few changes to the recipe. I couldn't find the jambon de Paris ham it called for, so I used prosciutto. I'm not a big bechamel sauce by itself kinda gal, so I decided to doctor it up by tossing in a couple generous handfuls of gruy¨¨re (I still had quite a bit left over from the bread ) and just the barest peench of ground mustard. I used a loaf of French miche, which I bought at Panera - miche, I assume, means fakking huge. It's a very large square loaf of French bread just perfect for grilling, baking, toasting and of course, making a croque-madame. :) Hubbs made a cucumber, tomato, olive &amp; red onion salad in balsamic vinaigrette to go with and I think that's really a must. At least for us.. this sammie is rich, kids. It definitely needs a salad or other light side with it. I had considered frying potatoes &amp; onions, making our dinner more breakfast-like, but am glad that I didn't. So who doesn't like a ham & cheese sammie, eh? I like them, they are O.K., not my favorite but I've eaten many in my day. Who hasn't? Feel about the same way? Kinda meh? Yeah well.. make this kicked up hot ham & cheese sandwich and I doubt you'll ever go back to the usual. We were both amazed at how good this was. Admittedly, the prosciutto wasn't the right ham. It was too salty, but that still didn't take away much from the sandwich in whole. And it was fun to eat a "gourmet" hot ham & cheese with a fork & knife! I suppose you could pick it up and eat it as you would any other sammie, but it'd be kinda messy.. but hey, if that's your thing, go for it. ;) I urge you all to go out and buy a good ham that's not too salty, a big chunk of gruy¨¨re or emmental (I'm sure Swiss would be just fine) and a dozen eggs and get to making this for your dinner this week - and then throw it into your rotation every once in a while. It's a bit of a splurge both in price and calories, but you won't be sorry after you take that first bite. Trust me. SO. FAKKIN. GOOD. Croque Monsieur or Madame Serves 4 For Bechamel sauce: 3 TBS. butter 1/4 c. all-purpose flour 3 c. whole milk (I used fat-free and it came out just fine) Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg Salt & white ground pepper to taste For the sandwiches: 8 slices high-quality bread. (the recipe called for "Pullman" loaf, I used French) sliced 1/3 to 1/2 inch thick. 12 oz. thinly sliced jambon de Paris (high quality wet-cured ham, not too salty) 10 oz. Gruy¨¨re cheese, coarsely grated 4 whole eggs (for the madame) Over low heat, in a small saucepan, melt butter then whisk in flour until blended. Continue to whisk while pouring in milk to avoid lumps. Continue to cook, stirring constantly until thickened. This should take about 10 minutes. (If you are only making enough for 2 the sauce thickened within 2 minutes) Once thickened, season with nutmeg, salt & pepper. (This is where I added a couple handfuls of grated gruy¨¨re and the smallest pinch of ground mustard) Take off heat, set aside. The recipe says you can make the bechamel sauce up to 24 hours early. Place plastic wrap directly on the sauce so it won't form a skin, then refrigerate. Gently reheat a few minutes before you are going to use it. Preheat the oven to 400? F. Place the 8 slices of bread in a single layer on a baking sheet covered with parchment paper. Spread the bechamel sauce evenly to the edges of all the slices (you may not need all of the bechamel). Divide ham between only 4 slices covered with bechamel, keeping the ham within 1/4 inch of the edges. Top all 8 slices with equal amounts of grated gruy¨¨re cheese, again spreading it evenly within 1/4 inch of the edges. Place the 4 slices with bechamel and cheese (cheese side up!) on top of the slices layered with ham. Bake until cheese topping is melted and golden brown about 10 to 15 minutes (it took about 20 minutes in my oven) To make the croque-madame, fry 4 eggs sunny-side up (I went with over easy, because egg slime is A VERY BAD THING) and place one on top of each sandwich. Sprinkle with salt & pepper and serve immediately. xoxo Kids! I don't know what the hell has possessed me, but I've baked. And not for a Daring Baker's challenge, either. I baked on my own. WTF? Here's what I'm thinking.. ya'll should run out and buy lots of bottled water, saltine crackers, canned goods and toilet paper (never be without toilet paper!!). Dig yourself an underground shelter in the back yard and prepare yourself for some kind of natural disaster. I don¡¯t bake unless it¡¯s a DB challenge! Something bad is surely going to happen! And bread! Lord almighty I NEVER bake bread on a whim or on my own - NEVER. This disaster is going to be a doozy ? I¡¯m tellin¡¯ yas! Wait.. don¡¯t go getting all panic stricken just yet. I still have my usually long ass story to tell. Come back. Sit down. Join me in a glass (or twelve) of your favorite alcoholic beverage.. believe me, it¡¯ll calm those shaking hands. Or is it just my hands that are shaking? Whatev. Anyhoo, something made me finally bake THIS RECIPE again. Go look. Because if you don't go look you won't understand what a wonderment this baking adventure was. Seriously. GO. LOOK. Did I lie? Is that not the most frightening things you've ever seen? It's like science fiction and pornography combined. And I ate those bad boys. All 4 of them. In like a week. If even. It was the best damn cheesy bread I've ever had and at that juncture in my life I didn't think anything could be as good as Panera's Asiago bread . But those 4 cheesy baked monstrosities were phenomenal. I kept saying that I would make them again.. but baking is sooooooooo fakking stressful for me. The Baking Gods hate my ever-livin guts. They laugh at me at every occasion. They mock me at the drop of a hat. They sneer and point at me while whispering behind my back. I don't know what the fakk I ever did to piss them off, but I obviously did. And now, what? 2 years later? Something possesses me to make them again. I made the starter last Thursday night. I was unsure how far ahead you can make a starter, so I enlisted the advice of my bread baking guru , Mary. She told me I can make it a few days ahead, which eased some pressure as I knew I wanted to make it this weekend, but was unsure of the exact day. HAR! Yeah.. in other words - how long could I procrastinate before my started died and I chickened out? Gah. Well.. come to find out the Baking Gods were watching - AS PER FUCKING USUAL. You see, the recipe calls for instant yeast. I didn't even comprehend that.. I used active yeast. So after 15+ hours (I had to work on Friday), it hadn't gotten very bubbly and pretty much looked just like a wad of dough. Not good. So I got on the King Arthur website and with an expert. It was immediately pointed out that I used the wrong yeast. Duh. I thanked her and then realizedÿ Baking Gods ? 1 / Lisa ? BIGFATFUCKINGZERO. I didn't have instant yeast, so I sweet talked my beloved Hubbs into running out to get me some. Bless his cotton socks. Soon I had the correct yeast and more bread flour. I started again - this time around 6 a.m. Saturday morning. I figured it¡¯d be good to go around 2ish that afternoon, then I¡¯d make the dough and allow it to rise until Sunday morning. Way longer than what¡¯s called for, but I¡¯ve read that if you let your dough rise for a long time, the better the flavor of the bread.. and hell, any excuse to actually put off baking it. Yeah, the memory of the smoke detector going off and black billowy smoke spewing from my oven the last time I made this bread was pretty damn strong. Well my powers of procrastination are pretty damn.. uhmm.. powerful. I managed to conveniently ¡°forget¡± the starter on Saturday afternoon. And Saturday night. On Sunday morning I remembered it and said to myself, ¡°Hey dipshit, you need to make the bread today.¡± And then I blocked it out again. I had plans with my girlie friends to go shopping at Trader Joe¡¯s.. and I¡¯ve been out of Tejava tea for a month. Nectar of the (non-baking) Gods, I tell ya! So my mind was conveniently ¡°elsewhere¡±. :P When I got home Sunday afternoon, I put away the groceries, poured myself a big glass of tea and got the flour out. I was going to make the dough! Go me! Making the dough took roughly 5 minutes. Mmmm hmmÿ 5 whole fakking minutes of my time. A spare 5 minutes that I just couldn¡¯t seem to find all day Saturday and most of Sunday. You see this is how my mind works. And believe me, I know I ain¡¯t right. Knowing full well how delicious the bread would end up, I still did everything I could to drag my big fat feet in making it. It¡¯s like I¡¯m a glutton for my own punishment. What. The. Freeg? Before I went to bed Sunday night, I punched the dough down because obviously I wasn¡¯t going to make the bread. Today was a rare morning.. I actually woke up after my husband. That happens maybe twice a year? And I¡¯m usually sick.. but whatev, I woke up later and the first thing out of his mouth wasn¡¯t the usual grumble-speak ¡°mrn¡¯ng¡± or even ¡°is the princess FINALLY up?¡± it was, ¡°My goodness, doesn¡¯t that freshly baked bread smell delicious?¡± What an ass. This was his way of telling me that the dough had been sitting out far too long and if I was going to bake bread then I better shit or get off the pot. Visual there.. sorry. Moving along.. A lovely collage of basically the same photo of the mini loaves/buns.. -slurp- I finally made my bread today. FOUR days after making the first batch of starter. FOUR. I had made two batches of dough so that I could make the mini ¡°loaves¡± and a couple regular sized loaves. This time I cut the mini loaves much thinner.. and they came out more like bun size, which was perfect. Smaller means that the insides can¡¯t rise out from the base reminiscent of the alien bursting out of that guy¡¯s chest. I didn¡¯t make flaccid geoduck/penis this time. They turned out bakery beautiful! I was AMAZED. I know today is a holiday for us in the US, but uhmm.. is this also a holiday for the Baking Gods? Or did I just take so damn long that I fooled them into believing that I¡¯d never actually bake the dough?? Either way.. it all turned out great! Even the regular sized loaves, which I was unsure of because I hadn¡¯t attempted that last time. Today is a day to mark on the books. Today I BEAT THE SHITE out of the Baking Gods. Today I made myself proud. Today something horrible is going to happen.. so really now.. get off your asses and start digging up your back yard. You can thank me for the head¡¯s up after it¡¯s all over. ;) xoxo The 2010 February Daring Cooks challenge was hosted by Michele of Veggie Num Nums . Michele chose to challenge everyone to make mezze based on various recipes from Claudia Roden, Jeffrey Alford and Naomi Dugid. This month's Daring Cook's challenge brought a whole new culture into my life. I've never eaten ANYTHING Middle Eastern before, although my sister loves it and has been telling me for months that I need to try it. I have to admit, Middle Eastern fare, never really thrilled me because when I think of that kind of food, I think of beans. -shudder- Chickpeas, lentils, black beans.. all of those lil pasty tastin' legumes. If you're new to this here lil blog, then you might not know of my strong dislike of beans. Frankly, I'd rather eat live bees. ;) But I am happy to say that I was completely wrong, which is nothing new. :P Yes, Middle Eastern food does contain beans, but there is so much of a variety of other foods - I had no idea! I wanted my Mezze to be special, so I called upon my home girls. My G's, if you will. June, Blimey & Amy - 3 of my favorite people in alla world. As per usual, they were up for it and all agreed to find a Middle Eastern recipe to bring to the party. Yay! I decided to make a cold Lebanese carrot salad, green beans (one of the few that I'll eat) Lebanese style, Kalamata olive tapenade as well as the mandatory hummus and pita bread. June brought a delicious Tabouli and Amy brought a refreshing and really delicious cucumber Raita. Unfortunately, Blimey got sick so she couldn't join us, and we missed her tremendously. We piled everything onto the kitchen table and started eating immediately. SO GOOD! My absolute favorite was the green beans Lebanese style. Holy cow, I could eat that daily. I wouldn't even share much of the left overs with the gals because I HAD. TO. HAVE. IT. the next night with a roasted chicken. Delish! I really enjoyed the small bites of everything.. and liked to combine different dishes to see what went best with what. My favorite combo was a lil Kalamata tapenade on some pita followed with a lil dab of cucumber Raita. Salty with a nice tang. -slurp- As for cooking this feast - no problems really at all. I got a lil nervous when my pita didn't balloon up like Audax's and it didn't really brown up on top. The bottoms browned up nicely though. And although parts were flat and parts were bubbly it was really good pita. June was the resident Middle Eastern connoisseur and she said the pita was excellent and she loved the other dishes as well. Score! I know it was good food because I realized afterward that we had no meat and didn't even miss it! It wasn't consciously planned that way, but since it happened, I'm going to say we dedicated our vegetarian dinner to Michele. :D Eating this way is definitely fun - true party food. Next I want to do a Tapas night and then a dim sum night.. I'm looking forward! Michele, thanks so much for turning me on to this delicious food and showing me how easy it is to make pita bread! I'll definitely be making it again! You did an excellent job hosting! Love you! Check out all the rest of the amazing Mezze feasts from our Daring Cook troops ! Just seeing what they've uploaded to the forums makes me all kinds of hungry for Mezze all over again! ;) xoxo A few weeks ago, my friend Michele and I were talking about recipes and doughnuts came up, like they eventually always do if you're having a conversation with me. :P Ahh yes, I love me my doughnuts. But I won't let myself eat them very often. -sigh- I know how bad they are because of their deliciousness. Anything that tastes that good is definitely a heart attack or stroke disguised in fluffy goodness covered in powdery sugar or chocolate. Or maple. Or bacon. Or cinnamon sugar. Or whipped cream. Or just plain for those days when you're trying to eat healthy. ;) So we decided that we must make homemade donuts. This past Sunday was D-day. I went with Alton Brown's recipe . I was a little nervous because, yanno, Alton can bring in a lil too much science. But the recipe was straightforward, thank the baby Jebus. The only problems I ran into were bad timing and way too hot oil. The timing thing - you need to heat milk to melt the shortening. Then you have to wait until it cools to lukewarm because you'll be mixing it with the water/yeast mixture. Well the -first- time I did it, I started to heat my milk and immediately poured my yeast into the lukewarm water, not taking into account that after the milk melts the shortening it'll take some time for it to cool off enough to add it to the yeast. Doh! You wouldn't believe how fakkin long it takes for hot milk to cool the fug down. Jebus. My yeast/water mixture had already bubbled and was sitting on the bottom of my very cold metal Kitchenaid bowl. If you listened closely enough you could hear their itty bitty teeth chattering and their itsy bitsy knees knockin'. :( I was blowin' on the milk.. fanning it with a kitchen towel.. put it in the fridge for 10 minutes.. the bottom of the bowl wouldn't cool off. I mean this stuff was HOT. So finally, we (Hubbs was present) decided to put the damn bowl out in a snow drift. I mean, seriously. It's not like we were trying to cool off GALLONS of milk.. it was just a cup or so for crissakes, but it wouldn't cool down. And no, this had nothing to do with my desire to be eating warm, fluffy, mouth-wateringly, rings of yumminess. Much. 'kay well maybe it had a lot to do with my impatience over having to wait for the prize, but I tell you - that milk was volcano hot. Outside it went. :P Okay well what are two people to do while waiting on milk to cool? They get all caught up in Animal Planet's Puppy Bowl VI is what they do. We couldn't peel our eyes away from the cuteness if we tried. OHMYGOD. Chubby puppy bellies! Wagging puppy tails! Floppy puppy ears!!! Much more delicious than any doughnut! And when we finally did remember there was molten hot milk sitting in a snow drift on our back deck, this gal jumped up immediately, tripped over her dog, caught herself before completing a full face plant into the arm of the loveseat and then promptly tripped over the blanket she had been cuddled under while watching oodles of puppies attacking each other and stuffed footballs. That was more exercise than I've had in weeks. GAH. As you might have guessed, the shortening was no longer liquefied. It sat in greasy lumps in the ICE COLD milk. Mmm hmmm... Meanwhile.. my yeast had passed on to the great bread bakery in the sky. It was a pitiful scene. No bubbles. Just murky muck sitting on the bottom of the bowl. -sigh- So I cleaned up my lil yeasty dead soldiers, put the milk back on the burner until the shortening JUST started to melt. Waited 10 minutes and THEN brought yeast and lukewarm water back together again. After all of that, putting the dough together was a snap. The waiting was the hard part.. at one point I felt like standing in front of the bowl containing the dough ball and screaming "HURRY THE FAKK UP FOR CRISSAKES!! DOUGHNUTS! HUNGRY! NOM NOM NOM!!!" Once I had them shaped and rising the last time, I heated my oil in a wok. I knew it was kinda hot, but I didn't want a greasy doughnut, so I figured a little hotter than it called for would be a good thing. And it was. Although they came out a little darker than you'd see in a doughnut shop, they weren't burnt or greasy. They were light and fluffy and uber delish. I did a good job of refraining from putting a platter on the table, throwing my hair up into a ponytail, putting my hands behind my back and doing my best impression of a pig feeding in the trough. It was hard though. Delicious homemade doughnuts, still warm and covered in cinnamon sugar.. OH. MY. GOD. SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD. It's super easy to make doughnuts and home and really the waiting isn't all that bad - 1.5 hours total rise time is all it calls for. You can make several varieties with one batch of dough and depending on size, you can get quite a few doughnuts. The only way I can describe the size of mine is they were the size of doughnuts you buy prepackaged in a grocery store.. like from Pepperidge Farms if anyone is familiar. I didn't have a doughnut cutter, nor even a round cutter. So I used a wine glass and to cut the middles out, I used the cap of a 2 liter bottle of soda. HAR! Worked like a charm! :) I used the scraps to make twists. We were going to fill some of them, but that didn't happen for whatever reason. I know these doughnuts freeze well too. Course I wouldn't know that from this experience. I packaged them in freezer bags and left on the counter overnight because it was too dark for photos after they came out of the oil. And after I took photos the next day, I put them back into the bags and then something else caught my attention.. Oh look! A chicken! That night they were pretty much stale. So eat 'em quick or freeze 'em soon! Go check out Michele's doughnuts! She filled hers with yummy stuff! :) xoxoxo Okay not really.. but he's the only winter Olympian that I know of. And frankly, I'm not even sure he's in the Olympics this year.. is he? What I do know is I like his long wavy red hair. But I probably shouldn't say that out loud as I'm most likely old enough to be his Aunt. -cough- Anyhoo.. as per usual, I'm a day late and a dollar short. And once again I feel foolish because of it. This month's Daring Baker challenge was a breeze and the results were muy deliciouso! Wait, that's Spanish.. what would the Canadians say? Uhmm.. 'kay.. well.. the results were KICK ASS! (that's more of what I'd say because I don't know what a Canuck would say. Canuck.. is that PC?) The January 2010 Daring Bakers¡¯ challenge was hosted by Lauren of Celiac Teen . Lauren chose Gluten-Free Graham Wafers and Nanaimo Bars as the challenge for the month. The sources she based her recipe on are 101 Cookbooks and www.nanaimo.ca. Lauren is from Canada and these Nanaimo bars are her tribute to the 2010 Winter Olympics held in Vancouver, Canada. Here's a funny.. and he's probably going to kill me.. but I received an email this morning from my friend John who had to tell me that while he was making his dough for the graham crackers he noticed that it smelled like graham crackers. And then he said, "Really?? You think??." Yes Gorgeous, the dough DOES smell like graham crackers and after baked, they taste better than any graham cracker I've ever had. Addicting is the word. More like Graham Crack. I kept hearing, er, reading in the forums that other members couldn't stop eating the graham crackers and my friend Michele said the same thing - but I had NO. IDEA. HOW. GOOD. they really are. I was almost sad to have to crumble a bunch of them for the Nanaimo bars. Seriously. But I did.. and then I kinda veered off the traditional route and went down my own road. I've made Nanaimo bars before and they were delish, you'll get no argument from me there. But they were a leeetle sweet so this time I wanted to make all of the components but in different flavors - specifically flavors that aren't as sweet. I started with the graham cracker crust, and omitted the nuts as we can't eat them. I also ground the coconut to almost a powder because I had to hide it as Hubbs hates coconut with a passion. He'll eat stuff flavored with coconut but hates real coconut. Go figger. And I added a generous peench of cinnamon. What I didn't do was add the cocoa. This was entirely an accident. I was so intent on grinding down that coconut and getting it into the crust before he came back into the kitchen that I completely forgot the damn cocoa. I really did want a chocolate crust. Then I moved on to the filling, which is what I found too sweet in the traditional bars. I decided I wanted a blast of coffee with the tang of cheese. Ideally I was going to do mascarpone/butter cream frosting flavored with espresso powder. But I never got the chance to get the mascarpone, so I had to do with cream cheese. Basically I made cream cheese frosting sans most of the sugar - I probably used 1/3 of what a basic cream cheese frosting would call for, then thinned it a bit with a boat load of espresso powder stirred into a small amount of hot heavy whipping cream. I can't find the words to express how fakking good it turned out and I really can't wait to use it on a cake! For the topping, ya'll know me, right? I don't say no to any kind of chocolate unless it's white - which is not chocolate anyways. BUT just a few weeks ago, I made a pan of what is essentially buckeyes (the lil round gobs of delicious sweetened peanut butter dipped in chocolate), but instead of rolling out the peanut butter into balls, because I'm a lazy mofo, I just spread it into an 8 x 8 pan and poured the chocolate over it. After refrigerating the chocolate became hard (duh) and well.. after forcing myself to eat 3/4 of the pan myself, I was kinda over hard chocolate with something mooshey underneath. :P So I went with a basic ganache over the top of my coffee/cream cheese filling. As you can see in this picture, there is a bite taken. That is the one and only taste of these that I've had (so far) and it took every fiber of restraint in this chubby body of mine to stop there to rush into my office to write this post a day late. And keep in mind, I don't own very many restraint fibers. :P Holy mother of a chinless baboon, these bars are FANFARKINGTASTIC. They aren't nearly as sweet as the traditional Nanaimo bars, but they are definitely rich, and I'm confident that I can get over that. :P The cinnamon & coconut in the crust paired with the coffee and chocolate and the tang of the cream cheese is nothing if not heavenly. Lauren, thank you so much for choosing these recipes and for allowing us the creativity to choose different flavors. I just hope I can restrain myself until Saturday evening as I've promised these bars as dessert for friends who are coming over.. but then again if I just whip up another batch, who will be the wiser? ;) Pop on over HERE for the recipes for the grahams (gluten free and made with wheat flour versions) and the traditional Nanaimo bar recipes! xoxo Okay so I can't win. I either am stressing to get a Daring Kitchen challenge done at the last minute, or I get it done way early and then something happens where I can't get to my lil blog to post on the damn reveal date. WTF? The January 2010 Daring Cooks' challenge was hosted by Cuppy of Cuppylicious and she chose a delicious Thai-inspired recipe for Pork Satay from the book 1000 Recipes by Martha Day. Huge apologies to Cuppy - I feel as if I have failed our host(s) miserably when I'm late to get a post up.. this wasn't intentional! And now I am seriously pressed for time - but the good news is, there was no disaster this month, so I really don't have a long post full of expletives and "whoa is me" whining. ;) I made Chicken Satay using Cuppy's longer version marinade and it didn't even look remotely appetizing as I was transferring my chicken strips (breasts sliced into strips) from the bag of marinade to the broiling pan (grill was under 2 feet of snow..) all yellow and stuff. But I kept an open mind, Lord knows I've been happily surprised often in the past with these Daring Cooks challenges! I had made my peanut sauce earlier due to time constraints and was warming it up again, while the chicken was under the broiler, when it separated. I had a small pan of peanut solid and peanut oil. Ewww. I was very dismayed over it, but thanks to my experience of making buttercream 59 gajillion times, I decided not to panic and to just get out my trusty balloon whisk and start whisking. Luckily it all came together again - only now it was almost like peanut fudge, which isn't a bad thing - just something I wouldn't normally pair with chicken. ;) Thanks to the amazing support we receive on the private forums of the Daring Kitchen, my question of why it separated was answered by Robert of An Alaskan Cook's Exploration of Food and Technique - and he thought that I had too much heat going on. And he was most likely right, I did have the heat up pretty high now that I think of it. Stupid on my part. Again, I persevered and continued on with dinner, making a batch of Basmati rice to go with. Once it was all done, yeah it still didn't look that great. My chicken was even more yellow and my sauce was no longer sauce-y. At this point, I could have binned it all and declared it a disaster, but I was HUNGRY dammit. So I plated, called Hubbs to the kitchen and got a giggle from the expression on his face. He was not amused. He must have been hungry too. hehehe I decided to take my dinner into my office so I could watch a movie (and mainly because I wasn't in the mood to hear him bitch about how awful the food was). Surprisingly.. this dinner was OUT OF THIS WORLD. I cannot express how much I LURVED it! Suffice to say that it's been well over a week since I've made Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce and a day hasn't gone by that I haven't craved it. Unfortunately, Hubbs wasn't as impressed (most likely because he turns his nose up at any form of chicken. He'll eat it but not happily.) and that's the only reason I haven't cooked this dinner several times since my first taste. But my cravings will win soon - they ALWAYS do - and he'll just have to get over it. ;) I always thank our hosts at the end of my posts, but this time I really need to lay on the lurve. Cuppy jumped in when, at the last minute, our slated January host couldn't do it. Cuppy had NO TIME and yet she came up with a well written recipe and plan for all diets. This was a quick challenge, that was most gratefully received after the busy and hectic holidays and I now have a new favorite quick meal to throw together after a stressful day at work. And yes, this recipe has been "westernized" and is not an authentic Thai recipe, but it's delicious regardless. I seriously cannot wait to make it again! Thanks so much, Cuppy!! :) xoxo The December 2009 Daring Bakers¡¯ challenge was brought to you by Anna of Very Small Anna and Y of Lemonpi . They chose to challenge Daring Bakers¡¯ everywhere to bake and assemble a gingerbread house from s Don't call for the sake of calling Never try calling someone working for a company unless you know their full name. Chances that you are going to get through their receptionist are slim: This I learned some weeks ago when I tried to get hold of a marketing manager of a Swedish company based in Shanghai. The receptionist told me ¡°he¡± (that later turned out to be a she!) was out and that she didn¡¯t know what time ¡°he¡¯d¡± be back. I tried other people: -Somebody else working with marketing? -Not available. -Some Swedish person working there? -At a business trip. Would be back earliest in 2 months (!). -The manager!? -In a meeting all day. I soon realized it was useless. It didn¡¯t matter who I asked for ?even the cleaning lady was completely unavailable since I didn¡¯t know her last name. I had two other people calling trying the same thing before we all gave up and decided to call the head office in Sweden. Via them (because there, surprise, surprise, you can actually talk to people when you call!) we got the name of someone working in Beijing, and via the Beijing woman, we finally got the name of the marketing manager in Shanghai. Next time I called I got through straight away. And when I went for a meeting there one day later, I miraculously met several Swedes working away at their desks: - Oh, recently got back from your trip?! I inquired.  -Trip? They said, looking at me as if I was from another planet.  In other words: don¡¯t try calling someone working over here unless you know their name. The receptionists can be quite tough, working like a spam filter and only letting through those that are ¡°inside enough¡± to know who¡¯s doing what. I'm going far away from this kind of scene... Finally, we booked a trip to somewhere... that is totally random! I swear, you guys are going to think I'm odd who's travelling to this particular place at this time of the year. It's not really the "ideal" place to visit, however, I'm always keen on seeing something completely new, hence why I picked it. Can tell you this much -there will be a lot of nature and hopefully also some pretty awesome (but different) food! Not to mention some severe temperature differences between night and day....! Anyone who can guess where I'm headed?  UPDATE: for those that cannot be bothered to read the comments, some of you guessed right. I'm off to Inner Mongolia! Most Wanted Joint I spent Saturday in Suzhou ?packing and cleaning. We are definitely staying in China for some time still, but our new Shanghai flat is much smaller than the one we had in Suzhou ?so a lot of stuff has to go. After a Saturday full of throwing away stuff we felt fed up with being locked inside and got ready to take the 5.30pm train to Shanghai. We walked out on our yard, carrying large bags, and being quite in a hurry when we saw a group of four Chinese -3 women and one man, with so much hair wax in his hair that it looked like glue- stepping out of a car. - Heeeeey! Laowai, laowai! The wax-man yelled, and we, thinking it was just the ordinary ¡°hello laowai¡± moment, continued walking without paying them any attention. ..That was until I suddenly heard the wax man literally call for us. - Please wait laowai, I have a question! We turned around, facing the wax man and three older ladies. - You live in that building over there right? The man said, pointing at our building. -Yes. -And you are moving out very soon? -Yes. -That¡¯s what I thought. So today I brought this 3 ladies to show them your flat! He proudly gestured to three small ladies at his right side. - Ehhhÿ -Can we go and see it now!? One lady asked. - Er, we are going to Shanghai, I said, nodding towards my large shoulder bag. - Ah OK ÿ said the man. But can¡¯t you show us the flat before you go? -We don¡¯t have time! We are catching the train. -Ohÿ no timeÿ. The wax man sounded seriously disappointed. - What time is your train , one of the women said. I am sure you have time to show us the flat before that. -The train is leaving quite soon, we have to go now actually, I said. We don¡¯t have time to show you our flat (¡°How about calling first?!¡± I wanted to screem). -That is a shame, the wax man said, looking at us as if we were enemies. So when will you be back then?! (Just as if we had broken a non-existent appointment?!) - Wellÿ we areÿ ah, why don¡¯t you just call me next time?! My bf said.  - Ah.. OK. You want me to call you. I understand, the wax man said. -A re you sure you don¡¯t have time to show us the flat? One of the ladies urged. You will still make your train. It¡¯s fast to get to the train station from here! They all smiled, and one of them attempted to pull my sleeve. I gave her a dark look. Enough with the bull-sh-t. And we left. Just imagine that, huh? You take three ladies on a house hunt on a Saturday afternoon, however, you forget to inform the current tenants, so instead you jump on the first laowais you see on a parking lot?! (our living area is huge, there are at least 40 buildings in there!). Fortunately they are the ¡°right ones.¡± Then you try and convince them to show you their flat even though you know they¡¯ll miss their train if they linger?! If that¡¯s not random I don¡¯t know what is?! One would think this was a serious aerobic class in full throttle. And I guess it was. But not for everyone: Apparently, the aerobic class, with bom-ba-da-bom-tunes blasting from the speakers, was also a perfect place for reading a book! Who would have guessed?! Not me, anyway.  When I say I need a run, I mean it I¡¯ve had a bit of a rough week, with a lot of stuff going on, making my mood anything but stable. Yesterday I decided that no matter how much work there was on my desk by the end of the day, I would still hit the gym in order to burn some energy. I kept my promiseÿ but just as I was about to leave for the gym a strange feeling hit me.. Did I really pack all my training clothes? I decided to have a look, and very well. I had packed all my training clothes, except for a sport¡¯s bra. There¡¯s no way (on earth) that I will hit a gym wearing a normal bra, so the remaining question was: could I bother going home, picking up a sport¡¯s bra, and then head back to the gym? (It¡¯s definitely not on the way, rather, I live in the opposite direction) However, after a moment of mental self-consulting, I decided that I very well could. So I went home, found what I needed, spent extra time on a crammed metro and arrived at the gym one hout later than planned, but hyped about the thought of hitting the treadmill. I had dinner plans at 8pm, so I went over to the reception and asked to ¡°rent¡± a towel a 5 kuai so that I could shower and head out straight after my workout. Imagine my surprise when the (RUDE!) guy behind the desk said: -No towels today. If it would have been any other day I might have shrugged my shoulders and left, slightly annoyed. This particular day, however, his words made me see red. -That¡¯s IMPOSSIBLE! That¡¯s not OKAY! I need a towel. I NEED TO WORK OUT! (again, I normally don¡¯t yell at people, butÿ) - Well sorry, we don¡¯t have any. -No, this is not okay. You always have towels. If you suddenly decide not to have towels you need to inform your customers in advance so that we can bring some ourselves! I didn¡¯t bring a towel today just because I thought I could ¡°rent¡± one from here! -Wellÿ -Well you have to find me a towel. I am not leaving. I need a towel otherwise I cannot workout. -Eh.. maybe you should speak to the manager? -Yeah, where is he or she? -Ehÿ he will come in 3 min. I waited for 3 minutes, feeling angrier by the minute. I simply refused to just go home.  The reception guy was really annoying: - I know this situation is really annoyingÿ (he said it in a sarcastic way). - VERY. -Why don¡¯t you go and workout first, have a shower and THEN come and see if we have found you a towel? -WHAT?! How am I going to shower without a towel?! ( I wanted to say "do you want me to walk out naked and ask if you have now found me a towel?!" but I don't know the Chinese word for naked, so I left it like that) (I guess his suggestion here was: "why don¡¯t you do like all the other girls at this gym and dry yourself off with the hairdryer once you come out of the shower"). Then, 2 girls suddenly arrived (manager?). The reception guy told the girls they needed to find ¡°this laowai¡± (pointing at me) a towel. - There are no towels , the girls said. - There HAVE to be towels! I know there are, somewhere! I don¡¯t care what kind, you just have to find me a towel! -But there are no! -Please. Try! The girls sighed, rolled her eyes and went away, only to come back 30 seconds laterÿ. Carrying a LARGE, WHITE, TOWEL! - Oh, I found one. Oh my, oh my. At that point, however, I was too relieved to continue bitching about their lousy attitude towards problem solving, I simply accepted the towel and went to the ladies changing room. Once at the gym all the treadmills were busy. However, I didn¡¯t even consider the thought of giving up this workout, or settling for anything else but running. I simply located a girl who was walking along to a clock ticking down (she only had 4 min left), and I was rude enough to stand behind her and wait for her to finish and get off. A number of people realized what I was doing. Some laughed, some pointed, and some tried to sneak in between when they realized the girl would be done soon! But I was faster and once I got up there I enjoyed the best 7km run I¡¯ve done in agesÿ ahhhh. Relieeeeeef! Once I made that 8pm dinner I felt rather proud of myself and my  nagging-attitude. If there¡¯s a will there¡¯s a way ?this appeals to most of the ¡°impossible to solve ¡±-situations in China. It's not as if I have not been told that I "cannot run" before...  A captured metro moment from 2007 Fellow metro-commuters in Shanghai, have you noticed lately (at least during the morning rush) that more and more people nowadays stand on the right hand side of escalators?! That way, it¡¯s almost as efficient ( Hold your horses, I said almost ) as the London underground system (where I believe you stand to the left, but I might be wrong?) where you literally get walked over if you accidently stand on the ¡°walking hand side¡± of the escalator. Of course, there are still a few cases of people (OK, not just a few, more likeÿ some millions) standing on the left hand side when you come walking, but with a gentle push/tap on the shoulder, a good 90% immediately move to the side to let you through. Good stuff.  Unfortunately not all people are as friendly/helpful. I¡¯ve had cases where I¡¯ve gently tapped the other person¡¯s shoulder (in 98% of the cases it's been middle-aged Chinese men), and said something like ¡°²»ºÃÒâË¼£¨bu haoyisi= pardon me)¡± indicating I want to be let through. But do they move? Oh no?! In one case, the man turned around, looked at me, and stood like a brick of stone on his spot, refusing to even let me squeeze between him and that person to the right. (When he started pushing me back with violence I decided to give up). Still, a great improvement from previous years, so Shanghai metro ?I have hope! One thing I still wish people could relax a little bit about is getting on/off the metro. The other day we had a work-dinner after work, and me and a few colleagues caught the metro just one stop to get to the restaurant. We were a group of five, and since the metro was quite full we stood just at the door. I immediately felt the push from behind, some guy that tried to squeeze in between us to stand JUST at the door, so I turned around and told him that we too were getting off at the next station. He looked like he understood, and for a short second he stood backÿ until something must have hit him (maybe that eagerness to STAND at the DOOR) so he still decided to elbow his way through our little group and catch the spot JUST at the door. (Guess he¡¯d been taught never to trust laowais?). The funniest cases are still all those people that push like mad in the metro, RUN off the metro as if their houses were on fire, and then, finally, when they get to the escalator ?they just stand there, rather than continuing moving upwards. Speaking off the metro ?Shanghai¡¯s new metro system (with new lines and plenty of new stations) is simply G-R-E-A-T N-E-W-S-! I¡¯m loving every little bit of it, especially line 7 that¡¯s now connected to Line 1¡¯s Changshu Lu. Simply great. Me and my significant other are planning a metro-exploring weekend someday in April/May (when you don¡¯t freeze your fingers off every time you step out the door) where we are going to spend 2 days catching all new lines, getting off at stops we¡¯ve never heard off before and explore the surrounding. We used to do this at the magazine where I worked back in 2007, and it's not as bad as it sounds... you actually get to see quite a lot of new stuff. I promise to report back to you afterwards. Whatever you do -as a girl- only pay attention to the guys Sometimes, China¡¯s just so funny. While western guys can receive an unlimited amount of compliments over here (from men as well as from women), there¡¯s a clear line when it comes to women. The other day I went shopping with four Chinese girlfriends. We are not super close, but have known each other for some years still. They are all a bit younger than me, and especially one of them (her name is Luna) really likes me and the fact that I¡¯m tall, blonde, and big-nosed. We went into some shops and were all trying on clothes. I had one of those good (and rare) days when everything fits, and my dear friend Luna simply would not hold back on the compliments: -Ah, Jonna, you look so great in everything you try on today! -That¡¯s perfect on you! -You¡¯ve got a great figure! I was blushing/¡±nail-nali-ing¡±/¡±bu gandang-ing¡±/and so on (yeah, accepting a compliment is simply not my thing, especially not here in China) until one of the other Chinese girls decided she¡¯d had enough: - What¡¯s the matter with you Luna, the way you speak to Jonna one would think you have a crush on her?! -Come onÿ I¡¯m just saying she looks good in this dress. -No you¡¯re not. I think you like her.  -Yeah, I think you do! Another one filled in. You've been speaking to her as if you like her all day long! (Yikes. Uncomfortable situation number ONE. Chinese girls are fighting over if one of them has a crush on me or not?! And all she did was paying me some compliments?) -I don¡¯t, come on. -Well, so how come you don¡¯t have a boyfriend. -I have not found one I like. -Well maybe you like girls. Maybe you have a big problemÿ -Hahhaha, well well, shall we all go for lunch?! (I decided it was time to step in and change the subject -and what better way to do so than distract them with lunch?). However, the conversations continued over the food when Luna asked me if I wanted to try her salmon pasta (we were having a Wagas lunch). -Seeeeeeeeeeÿ.. you totally like her!!! You've got a problem! You like girls! Both me and Luna sighed. Man! There¡¯s no way to get a compliment over here, is there? What a weekend! Since I¡¯ve now been living in Shanghai for 2 months, we decided that it was time to throw a small housewarming party. Now, housewarming parties are not really a unique kind, so in order to do something different we decided to have a theme at our party, namely ¡°bad taste.¡± Shopping proved to be the best part of it all. We headed straight to the small shops on Fuxing Lu where I tried on everything from flower-power pants to zebra meets leopard dresses. I eventually settled for a skintight golden/leopard shirt, a high-waist black/gold skirt, and a silver/snakeskin jacket that was way too small for me. All in all: I looked like jungle girl going disco. My bf picked his outfit from another shop. We knew straight away that it was going to be fun, because the moment we walked in, the sale¡¯s girl went ballistic. - OH MY GOSH!!! You are the most handsome man I have ever seen! She gushed to my boyfriend. She followed him around, stroking his arms, giggling and picking out stuff for him to try. She had no idea that we were going for something rather tacky (and that we therefore actually kind of liked the stuff she picked), and said ¡°yeeeeeeees!¡± and ¡°perfect ¡± to every single shiny garment that he agreed on trying on. In the end he went for a gray, silver sequence suit jacket, a check-patterned hat, a tight t-shirt and some golden jewellery chains. He looked like a complete yuppie and the sale¡¯s girl looked like she was going to pass out on the spot: - Oh my Gosh! You look SO GOOD!! (We laughed so hard we didn¡¯t know what to do!). While he was paying, the sale¡¯s girl turned to me: - Is he your boyfriend? -Yes. -Oh my GOSH! You are so lucky! SO LUCKY! I admire you! -He¡¯s indeed very popular in China. -Well, he is the most handsome man I have seen! And youÿ..! You too are very ÿ. (long look at me) special! -Special? -Yes, in fact. I like the both of you! -That¡¯s nice of you to say. -I love your nose! -My nose? (small moment of hesitation). -It¡¯s the biggest and most beautiful nose I have ever seen! (I had to bite my lip not to have an uncontrolled laugh fit) -Ehum, right. Ehÿ thanks! She waved goodbye when we left, opening the door and yelling: - Come back soon! You are my favourite laowai couple!!! After us. We were high on laughter as we hit the streets. The party itself was a blast, despite an insane number of strange cancellations from our friends: 2 girls confessed they were preggers and couldn¡¯t make it, one guy confessed his girlfriend was preggers and that he was going to Korea to get married (!), one girl had to work, another one thought it was raining too hard outside (ÿ), and then one guy broke his arm in an ice-hockey game the night before?! Hahaha! We still managed to pull a crowd, however, and ended up having a great time. People had really made an effort and one guy actually showed up in a dinosaur costume. My boyfriend was a hit in his pimp-outfit, meanwhile my Chinese girlfriends expressed their disappointment in me: -Jonna, you actually look good in those clothes. I would totally wear that on a night out!! Go out as the golden meets silver jungle-disco girl?! (well I shouldn¡¯t say too much ?because that¡¯s exactly what I did some drinks later). I guess our taste levels are different! Bad taste party calls for bad taste-snacks: we picked these up at our local bakery Mmmm, green bean bun anyone?!  Just as the SNL offshoot , Waynes's World , brought out Freddie Mercury and Queen freshly remastered for Generation Next to make their own, so too does Hotel Chevalier , the thirteen minute outtake and/or prequel from from Wes Anderson's new movie , The Darjeeling Limited , bring us back to 1969 and Peter Sarstedt 's London megahit of that year, Where Do You Go To My Lovely ? with digitized and remastered immediacy Peter Sarstedt was born in Delhi, and spent his infancy in Kurseong at the foot of the Himalayas, at a tea garden where his father worked, and was therefore a real Indian-Anglo-Indian, obviously more privileged than the folks depicted in Bow Barracks Forever -- since his parents chose to leave for England in 1954, a few years into Independence, like other Anglo-Indians who believed the end of the British Empire would bring them harm and left in numbers for Australia and Canada as well as England through the sixties-- but they really were of Indian blood nevertheless. Wes Anderson must have learned about this while making The Darjeeling Limited , because it was a hidden factoid in 1969 that would have earned Sarstedt wild fans in India, but at the expense of his following in England. It only surfaces now , when India is on a roll and all that doesn't matter so much any more, but is still not seen on his own web site. It's easy to see in these less hairy days that he is Indian, and I wonder how acknowledging that will play out. In 1969. of course, I had no idea Peter Sarstedt was Anglo-Indian, and would have counted him less hip and more Cliff Richard if I had. But I was struck then, no doubt like everyone else, by his crisp and easy delivery of the franglais back and forth lyrics, the clarity evident even through the fuzzy recordings of the day. I had no idea who Zizi Jeanmaire was, nor how to spell her name, nor even for that matter who her husband, the great choreographer Roland Petit was, but I had heard Sacha Distel 's cover of Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head, did know that Kar¨©m al-Hussayn¨©, Aga Khan IV , was gorgeous as well as being the astonishingly wealthy leader of all Shia Muslims, that the Dowager Begum Aga Khan always wore saris, and last, but by no means least, that it was as cool to wear Balmain as to keep your Rolling Stones records at a swank address, nothing to do with the Beatles, much as one might love them. Hotel Chevalier is famously available for free download at the iTunes Store , and so represents new and adventurous thinking in movie marketing as well as being a vehicle for reintroducing a worthy megahit of the 60's. As it happens, I went to the first ever, high-octane SAMMA conference this weekend, and Nusrat Durrani , SVP at MTV Networks, was one of the stellar presenters at the dinner reception, along with Aasif Mandvi . After dinner and outstanding performances , during which Nusrat Durrani showed a pastiche of his clips from the New York Marathon set to Pink Floyd's Breathe , I couldn't resist asking him if he had added Pink Floyd because they had been signed by Bhaskar Menon . He said no, he just likes them. But it turned out he hadn't heard about Peter Sarstedt being Indian-- so I hope something will come of that, because in these times, it's well to celebrate another Desi, in disguise for too long. an excerpt from Roland Petit's Le_jeune_homme_et_la_mort I missed the afternoon per- formance at the National Museum of the American Indian , but in the evening. I saw the most magnificent production of hula I have ever seen. The San Francisco dance company, N¨¡ Lei Hulu I Ka W¨¥kiu , delighted a huge audience at Damrosch Park in Lincoln Center. I'll mostly let Lin Cariffe 's pictures of other performances of the same works speak for themselves. Kumu Patrick Makuak¨¡ne is such a fabulous presenter as well as a mesmerizing choreographer that he brings the audience right into the show while the show itself plays sensuality, thought and feeling with equal command and force. Lihau Hannahs and Kellen Paik provided highly evocative live music for the spectacular production, with thirty-two magnificently costumed dancers, who mixed presentations of traditional legends and tributes with two pieces of piercing satire and several touching, graceful modern pieces, including two set to Annie Lenox and Cyndi Lauper's most wistful songs, a brilliant capture of Peggy Lee's Fever , and a somehow heartrending interpretation of Tony Bennet's version of I Left My Heart in San Franscisco , with its illustrative gestures for "little cable cars" and "halfway to the stars"-- among other phrases -- casually revealing quite exactly what hula is about. A man seated in the row behind me shouted out frantically that he couldn't see, and at least twenty people turned around to shush him, pleading with him not to spoil it for everyone, so swept up was the audience with the gentle but powerful grace and great wit of the show. Antonioni's "achingly hip" Blow-Up FASHION SHOOT VERUSCHKA YARDBIRDS JANE BIRKIN TENNIS TRAILER (VANESSA REDGRAVE) Obits: BBC New York Daily News Al Jazeera The Montreal Gazette timesonline Indian Express Telegraph. UK Xinhua.net Yesterday, after dropping off Bear at JFK -- and being totally unaware that the Virgin Atlantic plane she had boarded was slated to stall on the tarmac for four hours, waiting for that evening's series of short storms to pass, and then take off without most of the food on the menu for passengers on the flight to London--I drove around aimlessly for a while, like anyone deprived of their young might, and decided to check in at the proudly independent Art Space still known as Galapagos . There, the twenty-and-now-early-thirty-somethings still milled and jostled, partying hard without ever lighting a cigarette, because, as Director Robert Elmes has correctly said, "We have our whole lives to live and that is terribly important." The reflecting pool at the entrance is limpid and surprising as ever, but as Galapagos has prospered, it will be moving quite soon from Williamsburg to DUMBO. I considered Lillian Godchaux's Solstice VII, which was going on inside the storied Back Room, and had been described by Lillian herself as "A night of LSD and Native American freak-out driven folk and SF-based soary acid folk in hither, wildering, and bewonderment of this great Solstice VII of the New Water/Matter Era." But I was curious about AVAAZ, the act scheduled to appear on the Main Stage, so I missed Almaden , Zachary Cale and Feral Cat . Instead, I spent the same $7 and one extra $ on two under- priced drinks at the candle-lit bar, especially to watch some of the members of AVAAZ (not to be confused with Avaaz.org ) setting up their fast-rising electroGLOBALdiscotek . T aking in their sleek looks, I wondered if they all had gone to MIT and now have day jobs at investment banks-- not that there's anything wrong with that. The best version of Sea had just opened down the street when I first saw Galapagos . I had gone to N Sixth Street back then entirely because Dave Eggers and McSweeney's held their first and earliest New York events in the now fabled Back Room, while they were reinventing fiction and food , hilarity and social awareness all at the same time. They turned writing into performance art as well -- right there at Galapagos, where I recall a gentleman in his nineties telling a tale of death and playground slides to the sound of helpless yet respectfully muffled laughter-- and n ow they need our help getting past their distributor Publisher's Group West's bankruptcy, by reason of which they are suddenly out $130K in one fell swoop. Say it isn't so... They are making a valiant effort with their online sales of all manner of items McSweeney and also with their "Heartbreaking eBay Auction of Staggering Audacity "... I pondered this tale of swinging through the ages by a length of tooth floss, and drank two drinks one after another as images of something like starlight played on the blue velvet curtains. These were soon drawn back for the laser light show streamed through whirling stencils in many-colored beams by dimmSummer , and young Pat Miscellane ous , bare-chested in chinos and a full dress, full length Cheyenne headpiece started rapping through the hai-chai remix that DJ Boo (aka Juggaknots) and I believe Bollygirl DK also had started up together. This was with and sometimes without a duet from--? Samera? Reena?. Then came DJ impala's entr'acte, and she played September , Billie Jean , Kiss , and just a few minutes of the long version of Marvin Gaye's Gotta Give it Up , but stopped while people had just started moving to this party-song-to-end-all-party-songs, to move on to Patti Labelle's original version of Lady Marmalade . How long ago it seems and yet not so far away at all. Mean while, silhouettes danced on the once again starlit velvet curtains, and cellphones flashed as taking pictures became general. Then came all-Desi recently schooled Bamboo Shoots , who are a really good, very special band that somehow brings the lead, rhythm and bass guitar plus drums format into the present moment. They were reviewed on Sepia Mutiny and played on Conan . Strangely, it was the Cold War era movie playing on the screen behind them that distracted, and because I'm not of the three screen generation, I spent at least fifteen minutes growing older trying to figure out who was who in black and white in Juliet of the Spirits . And then I had to go home while the band played on... and go to sleep, missing Butterthief and Suspicious Brown... The movie's called Evening , and if there's only one film that people who think too much and feel quite a lot and like to be slightly but deeply scared should see this summer, this is it. AL invited me to the Walter Reade Theater preview, where Susan Minot and Michael Cunningham showed up after the screening to discuss their experience in co-writing the screenplay adapted from the book with Kent Jones, the man with a light touch from the Film Society of Lincoln Center . Throughout the screening, I wondered about the marvelous filter effects on the dream sequences-- how they came on so wonderfully strong and obvious, then tapered off so gradually through the course of the story. Were they in the lens or a part of the editing? Faces were so closely imaged at the start of the story, and with so much particularity, that their natural asymmetry led the eye beyond conven- tional judgments about beauty, although every actor was stunning by any measure. One had to look afresh at already famous faces, that then grew familiar very quickly in these new forms. The casting is as superb as the cast. Of course, but of course, Glenn Close was Meryl Streep's mother in another life! Speaking of measurements, Vanessa Redgrave's acting must be measured by the frame, not by seconds. That's how close up the view becomes in this unsentimental yet touching study of two deaths in played out counterpoint. While Redgrave certainly carries it, all the others absolutely rise to the occasion. Having seen and heard my own grandmother apparently having good time at a fair number of parties on her near-deathbed, I found that this tale resonated with me, and the telling of it, its production, seemed to create a convincing experience of the swing between over- whelming wooziness and diamond hard clarity in the course of that personal time travel and that wandering out of body that heralds a slow death. Drawing away, the big picture of the society that provides the setting for this surprising story is delivered au point as well. While the circumstances of the wealthy family seems casually depicted, there is an uncanny conveyance of how things are proportioned for the rich. The wedding is generously informal and correct, not ostentatious, and the bride's dress is not overly grand. This is how it has to be, in a summer setting among people who enjoy extreme cleanliness, rely on slightly stodgy design, established standards of comfort, consuming both hand made and manu- factured goods of quality, and who take proper care of inherited objects as a matter of course. Yet there is also a clear sense of the perilous crowding and living cheek by jowl that imprisons the rich or aristocratic or patrician. Their circles must always be suffocatingly small, the more so the richer or better-established they are, and marriage and even preferred forms of adultery must occur within that small closed circle. The comedy of homosexuality in these narrow straits raises its suggestive head several times in the film. Sometimes it happens mistakenly, as when the mother of the bride happens upon her daughter sharing her wedding morning jitters with her college friend and bridesmaid who has crept under the covers. Pshaw! Sometimes it arises unawares, but for real, as when that same bride's mother snatches away her son from his partner during a playful jitterbug for a masterfully bone-chilling rhumba, purposefully extinguishing any possibility of his attachment to another woman. Ouch! These people are not incorrectly depicted as being stifled or inhibited, though. There is nothing in recent film to compare with Glen Close's raw howl over Buddy's sudden young death. There is faerie magic in the woods, but also there are different ways of seeing and treating a small cliff or those same woods, either as the border area between manicured grounds and Vast, Unknown, Dangerous Nature, or simply as perfectly familiar bits of the family's property. Playing off the difference in perspectives in a practical joke provides a bit of class-conflict that erupts into rage. Alcohol always plays a leading role in Susan Minot's books. In making Buddy a far more central figure in the film than he is in the book, Michael Cunningham ties this story closer to the rest of Susan Minot's work. The two writers, live four blocks apart in NYC but quite naturally met at a wedding in Nairobi soon after SM had recovered the rights to her book after an earlier attempt to turn it into a movie. Despite their close collaboration (SM said the collaborative process with MC had been like a master class in screenwriting), they differed on several points. For instance, MC believes a book is always a work in progress, the print capturing only a moment in the process, whereas SM says a printed volume in your hand is a clear indication of completion and enables the writer to let it go. MC said that film cannot capture an inner life as well a a book, but SM pointed out that one's inner life occurs in images, not words. But then, they spoke of shared delights in the making of the film, like watching Meryl Streep and Vanessa Redgrave on a monitor outside the house, and being amazed to see them step into character and switch it on,, discarding their natural selves in a flash. They talked about filming at a Newport house of that genre known as a "cottage" that belongs to the Cushing family, rather than in Maine, as in the book, which would have proven overwhelmingly expensive to produce. They concurred on the problem of turning an entire book into a movie, where films are really short stories, and the more sympathetic form for adapting a novel into image format is a television series. MC spoke fondly of squabbling with cinematographer and director Lajos Koltai over lines about which he had second thoughts, but that Koltai wanted to keep. SM spoke about about Eileen Atkins having trouble with the cadence of the lines until SM explained that the nurse was Irish. They both spoke of Hugh Dancy's out of period long hair, and that Lajos Koltai had predicted that critics would be all about his hair. We shall see. I was walking down 82nd Street day before yesteday, late in the afternoon, and realized that I had missed this year's Kips Bay Show House , which was being dismantled. Volunteering there had been one of my favorite "rites" of Spring for longer than I care to admit, but it's been more than seven years since I turned my attention to another event that raises funds for the Kips Bay Boys and Girls Club. The Show House I missed was hosted by the brilliant Janna Bullock and RIGroup . This was a very different undertaking from what it once was, when I was one of a band of perhaps twenty young women who took turns watching the rooms under the auspices of the original Show House Committee. The Committee never changed from year to year, but were always there from dawn till dusk, in Chanel suits and ropes of pearls, fresh as proverbial daisies, and well into their seventies-- or so it seemed to me. The air was always scented with Rigaud candles and flowers, which competed with paint and varnish that was not yet cured. There were fads for peonies one year, orchids the next, and air plants another. One had to know what the antiques and paint finishes were, to explain them to visitors, and and make sure nobody fainted from climbing the stairs, as all the terrible things that can happen on elevators weren't covered in the insurance contracts. Once, Mrs. Mazzola decided to climb to the top and work her way down, and had to sit down at the top floor landing, which called for procedures reserved for extreme emergencies, in terms of the arrangements of those days. Luckily, a Chinese garden stool came in handy until a proper chair could be brought. Climbing the beautiful staircases two and three steps at a time was a special treat for me, and the main reason I always went back. I was new to New York, and missed staircases, especially those massive marble ones with low risers in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century houses of my hometown, Calcutta , on which one could jump about and play games. Between chasing up and down these newer but equally generous staircases, I enjoyed the fact that the visitors were colorful, international, dressed up, and wore great shoes. My first happy moment of extra responsibility came one year in the first and grandest house, which was on 66th Street and belonged at the time to Imelda Marcos, who lent it every year for the Show House. In the main drawing room situated on the second floor, as in a piano nobile, Robert Metzger had set up an early multi-channel music system around the edges of the room which featured a lush, over-the-top eighties version of period decor, with plenty of silk damask and passementerie, the console being cleverly tucked away, iirc, in cabinet with Boulle marquetry or similar. I was required to stand by a massive flower arrangement on a round table in the center of the room under a magnificent Russian chandelier, smile at visitors and explain the rug, and I noticed that both speakers deployed to the west were playing the same channel, as were the ones to the east. To my enormous delight, RM allowed me to pull out the console after the House closed for the day, fiddle with the wiring and fix it. That would never be done today, as the firms who do the sound would, first of all, never make that kind of mistake, and the House would certainly never allow a volunteer to touch the wiring. A few years later, at the first Show House at 603 Park, also the last chaired by the legendary Rella MacDougall , I got to be her right hand gal at the entrance, where she handled tickets herself every day, transforming that job into a subtle performance that required her great wit. That year, the pantry, with its green-shaded light, big silver safe and humongous ancient icebox, was just cleaned up, because the idea was still only to present a decorated house, and the pantry was a perfect relic. One day, during that run, Mrs. MacDougall was hurrying to the Show House when a bag lady. as we called them then, stopped her to ask for help. Rella, being as warm-hearted as she was elegant, asked what she could do for her. The bag lady said, "Could you hold up this mirror for me?"and while Rella did that, the bag lady rummaged about her shopping bag, drew out and carefully put on a set of big false lashes. The house at 603 Park is one room deep but quite wide, with a long, long Park Avenue facade, and commensurate taxes, so it stayed on the market for a long time, to become the default Show House for Kips Bay and other causes for some years. Thierry D¨¨spont created a memorable decor in the paneled room there, but I can't remember whether it was for Kips Bay or the American Hospital in Paris. Although pictures of rooms from recent years are available online now, rooms that came before live only in one's memories and in the old journals-- a stack of which were lost to me in a heist upstate, in which I lost about a thousand books as well. What remains in my head: Mark Hampton's cream, white and sisal drawing room on 66th Street, with the bureau plat placed like a sofa table, in which all the fine Georgian mahogany became beautifully abstracted; The grand yet hilarious dining room that Ruben de Saavedra created at 62nd Street, where the fabric hung walls were drawn aside at mirrored intervals, for busts of laughing moors to peek out; Richard Ridge's almost completely lavender bedroom, which a band of his friends left in a group, all crying out, "Nurse!"; the narrow room at 1 East 94th Street that J. Allen Murphy dressed in yellow and Benarasi gold brocade, including an unraveled paghri as a pelmet, hung with Mughal lanterns, which he dedicated to the Raj Mata of Jaipur. She came to look, and I was embarrassed to see her at Doubles while I was still wearing a dress from volunteering (so un-Indian and deeply frowned upon then, though pants were fine); Richard Ridge's dining room in which the Romney had been cleaned to within a micron of its life; the large bedroom that John Saladino turned into a frescoed bathroom with a brass punkhah, so insulted was he not to have gotten a drawing room, according to my friend who used to work for him. Recent memorable rooms include Odile de Schietere's Venetian drawing room with furniture from Ferri¨¨res , Michael Simon's dix-huiti¨¨me in black, the cleanest stable in creation by Andrew Tedesco , Larry Laslo's black bedroom where the black Baccarat chandelier made its New York d¨¦but,... Diantha Nype was another reason I was there. Diantha had left Bryn Mawr to get married, which is like leaving Hogwarts to become a muggle, but then she out-Mawr-ed everybody by inventing the Show House-- it really was her idea to start with, although this will remain forever unsung, because it's totally not the credo to claim this kind of credit, considering how many other people have worked long and hard to make it happen. Nevertheless, start it she did, and so all show houses that exist, sprouting across the nation every spring and fall -- to Diantha we owe this most excellent concept. Of all the original Committee, it was she who was always second in command to Rella, she who addressed the robbery and she who created the public image of the Show House, as it is, was and ever shall be. Anyway, having missed the new Show House, and missing the brio of the old days, it was a very happy touch of deja vue to see what Matthew Sudock of M Design has done at David Burke & Donatella , where I met C for lunch. The mix of Hicks in carpet and screens, with creamy walls, plain mirrors, backlit red dry arrangement, large and loopy chandeliers, cheery cherry leather seating and gigantic bouquets of red-and white striped trumpet lilies , all scaled for a nice tall New York brownstone, reminded me of the panache, the hint of improv and inventive flair of the old days. The food is great , and playful too, and the tuna and salmon tartare not to be missed English-speaking people who are deaf to aspirates and aspirated consonants in Indian languages can't say ghee , and tend to produce incorrect spellings like Ghandi and Dehli. Because of this speech impediment, the word sipahi , meaning soldier in Persian and Urdu, became sepoy for the British, who gave this misheard word currency by giving the Indian uprising of 1857 against themselves a misleading nickname --The Sepoy Mutiny. The Uprising involved not only huge numbers of mercenary Indian soldiers under British pay and command, but also Indian princes, their subjects of various classes, their armies and camp followers, the peasantry of those parts of the Gangetic plain then under direct British control , tribal peoples of the Himalayan foothills and Northern plains and motley others. By simplifying the facts, the spin machine of the British Empire was able to promote the idea nearly unimpeded for well over a hundred years that it was all a matter of animal grease (beef and pork tallow) needed to insert rounds into Enfield rifles. How this single matter was supposed to have offended both Hindus and Muslims so much as to give rise to the events of a whole year, in which Indian soldiers and civilians massacred British men, women and children, burned down their dwellings and destroyed key installations of the colonial administration is quite a mystery. Apparently, at that time in England, a popular supple- mentary explanation for the Uprising was that everybody in India was completely enraged at having to learn to behave themselves under the wonders of British rule-- much the way we are told today that 9/11 happened because an unspecified "they" were "jealous of our freedoms." (e.g., see how it seemed to the Metcalfe family ) William Dalrymple is the first British historian to use material in translation from numerous sources written in Persian and Urdu , and among the first to use the palace and city records now stored in the National Archives, As a writer of popular histories, he has a tough row to hoe in terms of publicizing his perceptions and findings, novel and dangerous to some and not radically different enough for others. Still signing away on his book tour , I suppose, he is more inclined to discuss the hard causes of the Uprising during interviews than in this book. With respect to softer causes, like Evangelism, which he positions centrally, he doesn't indulge in overkill to make a point, but sometimes confuses anger with fear and takes at face value what he could examine a bit more critically. Animal grease and surging Evangelism were no doubt the last straw, but only because the orders to use them could not have been perceived as a simple misunderstanding after a century of many kinds of deliberate and outrageous British assaults on Indian culture, property, laws and human rights. About this, a variety of Indian and foreign-born people had already reached consensus many times , sometimes long before 1857. Those harsher provocations are not discussed in The Last Mughal , which focuses on events in Delhi, which was at that time still a grand and antique city in a state of preservation , home to an exquisite culture. One hopes WD is saving the tougher subject matter of how to assign responsibility for the background of the cataclysmic events of 1857 for another book. As it is, he has already told The Hindu that this book has made him more friends in India than in England. KASHMIRI GATE IN 1880 The book is cause for celebration. The thinking is sensitive, the language is fluid and rich. It conveys the excitement of breaking new ground, and the pictures and line drawings at the start of each chapter are delightful. The two new maps parading as old ones, in which Metcalfe House seems to dwarf the Imperial Palace , Hindus seem to live east of the Ganges and 1857 looks like the 16th century, are very silly, but one can't let that get in the way. The British sources tend towards diaries and letters, and produce an up-close-and-personal effect, while the Persian and Urdu source material is more often drawn from professional writing of various kinds, so it generates a more public voice and panoramic view. Going back and forth between the two sides of the narrative, I felt as if I was walking up and down a seesaw, faster and faster, back and forth, until the final British-led bloodbath led onto the slow, grim comedy of the denouement. As a child, I always wondered about the the strange reek inside the Mughal tombs of Delhi, something like ancient bird droppings, which was missing at the Taj Mahal. I'd been told that these crumbly, dark and elegant monuments belonged to the 16th and 17th KHOONI DARWAZA, WHERE THREE SENIOR PRINCES WERE STRIPPED, SHOT AND THEIR BODIES ROBBED OF JEWELRY by MAJOR WILLIAM HODSON centuries, and never thought about that again. Now, this book has brought home to me how recent was their ruin , how active the scent of death and decay that hangs about them still, that many of them were family mausoleums, and that my great-grandfathers had already been born before a long, gruesome seige and a grisly genocide was carried out in those environs in broad daylight. I remember the vultures were still all over Delhi more than a century later. WD's recent article in The Guardian explores similarities between British thinking in 1857 and widespread present perceptions in the West about the Iraq War. From some perspectives, the similarities are obvious and striking; from others, the similarities are not fully admissible. It is certainly alarming to find that the mainstream press has reactivated the very same language last used by the British in 1857 to describe the Uprising--- to describe THE IRAQ WAR TODAY . It is disheartening to see that in the post-colonial world, complications and spiraling violence can still be as easily provoked and fed upon by occupying forces playing on internecine rivalries. It is unpleasant to remember that the Bush Administration claimed to have received their intelligence about WMD from British sources . It is strange to see Queen Elizabeth, who last visited Washington to bestow an award on George Bush Sr. for planning and executing the first Gulf War, now returning to reinforce the military alliance . Meanwhile, Tony Blair, who should probably, given the current scheme of things, be tried by a kangaroo court and hung up to dry, is being sent off on an international farewell tour instead. One must wonder, are her private assets not yet suitably diversified? KASHMIRI GATE I appreciate and enjoy The Last Mughal for the depth and decency and richness of its narrative, and will read it many times, but I don't see the point of setting out a new and elaborate defense to counter the British allegations of 150 years ago. The British position, developed to justify deposing the monarch, was that Bahadur Shah Zafar was singularly responsible for fomenting a pan-Islamic rebellion against the British stretching from West Asia across India. Although Saddam Husein might not have been plotting anything like that either, to draw any similarities by implication and suggestion is to stretch facts to fit the polemic. The question that goes unanswered is, did the British deserve it then, and have we and anyone else done anything to deserve it now? There is no question that the movements of 1857 included Muslim jihadis, as did others that came before in the multitude of violent eruptions that represented efforts to rid the Subcontinent of the British occupation. Surely the more important point is that these populist, pan-Indian movements brought about consensus across religious and cultural lines about British wrongdoing, and eventually gave birth to cooperative, sustained resistance, rather than belonging to or advocating for any religion. Today's popular resistances in West Asia carry forward a different set of historical grievances and cultural motifs, although they may one day coalesce and draw a motley set of movements together so that even Sunni and Shia will come to terms . WD either avoids or misses a key opportunity to emphasize the crossover nature of the Uprising: When the sipahis call Zafar "Prithviraj," WD offers a literal translation, i.e., Ruler of the World. If this had been their intention, the sipahis might have called him Shah Jehan IV. Zafar was more Rajput than Timurid by blood, though he was also considered a Sufi pir, so the the sepahis were more likely referring to the heroic and legendary 12th Century Rajput emperor, Prithviraj Chauhan III , the last Hindu monarch to be seated at Delhi. But of course, at 82 years of age, though he might be the rightful emperor, Zafar could be no Prithviraj. WD suggests that if Zafar had led the charge to defend Delhi while the defense was on an upswing, he might have reversed the course of history. But at that point in the book, WD has already established that the aged cultural and spiritual leader was far too physically feeble to do anything of the kind. Except the occasional nut job, most European monarchs were by then pretty far distanced from being military leaders, and e W elcome to the February 28, 2010 edition of Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art. There was an electronic mountain of submissions this month. Sadly, most of them had little to do with original writing and art. What kept me going were the lovely submissions that did follow the guidelines and here they are. Do stop by their blogs to offer congratulations and encouragement. Creative Nonfiction Sarah Clark presents Sarah...Phenomenally: Divorce and Metamorphosis posted at Sarah...Phenomenally . Yvaine presents Too Much Snow posted at My Vanilla Nook , saying, "Snow is good, but you can only take so much." Fiction MaxwellDB presents Lake Ontario posted at MaxwellDB , saying, "Lake Ontario is a short science fiction story. It's an objectively-written piece about a man alone on Titan, one of Saturn's moon. He is a cog in an automated research machine-- something that causes him great difficulty." Tessa presents my roommate ? kajoemanis posted at kajoemanis . drukdude presents The Fellowship of the Null-pointer | Story Collection posted at Story Collection , saying, "Spontaneous Short Stories by strangers gathered on the train!" Genre Bender Livia Blackburne presents A 100% Absolutely and Completely Realisitic Neuroscience Love Scene (Love At First Sight Blogfest) posted at Livia Blackburne . Poetry Madeleine Begun Kane presents Super Bowl Sunday Blues posted at Mad Kane's Humor Blog . ThoughtsBlogger presents Life's Defiants posted at Random Thoughts , saying, "A poem about the things that keep us going in the fight that is life." Robert Terrell presents galactic dreamers ? haiku posted at the existential poet , saying, "The Existential Poet Blog contains my original haiku poetry. I maintain a strict form, the 5-7-5 syllable structure, which suits my poetic creativity very well. I write about all sorts of subjects, with an existential (human feelings) attitude. Many of my haiku have seasonal references, and many focus on inner states of being. And, I love moon haiku!" That concludes this edition. Submit your blog article to the next edition of Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art using our carnival submission form . Past posts and future hosts can be found on our blog carnival index page . surname . eulogy . overproductive sympathy . coerce . bucktoothed crackerjack . dismiss . designer prejudice . navigate . vaporize . lightheaded . fraction . sanctimonious strategist Be famous. Submit to the Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art. Submission Guidelines Be famous. Submit to the Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art. Submission Guidelines Be famous. Submit to the Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art. Submission Guidelines Be famous. Submit to the Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art. Submission Guidelines well many of you know the battle that is waged in the gotch household almost every day . . . jen vs. andrew in THE BATTLE OF SOUP (dah dah dah daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah). it has been a losing battle on my end for about 4 years running. you know how he has his list of foods he hates (wet meat, pulpy juice, cherries, pickles, and on and on)? well soup always seems to find it's way to the top of the list. this is a problem for me, since i am a soup lover. i love to eat soup, i love to make soup and when i feel that first bit of cold in the autumn air (which in l.a. means when it drops below 70 degrees), i want soup. and yesterday, for some odd reason, he agreed to a pot of soup. i think it is mostly because i told him it had peanut butter in it, and peanut butter is at the top of his "foods i love" list right after hamburgers. so after a short trip to the market, some chopping of vegetables, and warming of bread, soup was served. and it was good, real, real good. andrew ate every last drop, only quizzing me a few times about the ingredients. i was reluctant to tell him there was salsa in it, because he doesn't like cooked tomatoes or tomato soup. it didn't seem to phase him. he even ate the garbanzo beans, and he hates beans, except green beans. later that night, when the truth was rising to the surface, he confided in me that next time, he could do without the beans. i reminded him that he loves humus, but that was not enough. "it's a texture thing, not a taste thing" he calmly replied. either way, i feel like some progress was made here last night. there is even talk of more soup next week. i'll keep you posted. here's the recipe if you are interested.I have some photos I've been meaning to post from David Reid who went to Lola a few months ago. I've post them all over the next few weeks!This is Makali, a bonobo rescued from a biomedical centre. He has somethign to say! Noki and her baby are in wonderful health! they've been released into the enclosures. Noki is nursing her baby well and protecting her from slapping branches and the sun. but she is also very proud and loves to show the baby to the other bonobos! ooo - i got this photo from Val when Noki just arrived at Lola. Val is a volunteer at Lola - and has been for 15 years. She works practically full time handling Lola's accounts - the sanctuary wouldn't run without her. She comes in to Lola almost every day, for no recognition or reward other than helping the bonobos. We love you Val! and look at little Noki and those huge black eyes.and then here is Val helping Noki give birth - 10 years later!we share so much with these bonobos, they become so much a part of our lives. Val has been sending photos like crazy - she is a very proud grandmother. Ok back to Lola now and I'm a little behind on all the news - but Noki had a baby!! Noki is one of the cat burglers at Lola - she is also a prolific tool user - which bonobos haven't been seen to do in the wild, fyi. once she used a long stick to steal my camera bag. noki is also one of the smartest bonobos in all the experiments we do - she is so wildly interested in all the tests and sometimes we have trouble getting her out of the testing room!  now she has a baby!! Fanny the vet was there for the whole thing, and so was Valerie, who was there when Noki was first rescued... This week's tag was captured by John. Unlike some tags, there's little debate over what the tag is trying to convey - Peace for All! Lovely sentiments! Last week it really felt as if spring had arrived - even the sidewalks were shouting out that spring had sprung! Well, as anyone who has lived in this area for any amount of time knows, it is waaaaay too early to pack up those coats, hats and gloves. Fortunately, at least according to the AccuWeather forecast, after today, things will start improving again and the forecast is for fair skies and pleasant temperatures for the rest of the week. That's a good thing since Wednesday is St. Patrick's Day - although it's not an official holiday, in Lakewood it does appears to be a day when many people take the day off - perhaps as a "mental health day." The light grows stronger in March, perhaps it is the light which inspires the caretaker to spring clean. The garden is being prepared - the tall dried grass has been cut, the ground is bare and awaits for the evolution of spring. A squirrel has come to help the gardener and finds a wayward acorn. To see all the snaps of the second Sunday statue series go here . Yesterday while I was wandering about I met little Jenny (mixed breed puppy) and her new family. It was Jenny's first day with her new family. In addition to coming into a loving human family, Jenny will benefit from being adopted into a family with a wise and older dog Jack (seen above). As I was leaving Jenny and her family, more neighbors came up to welcome Jenny into the hood - this time a big, friendly dog and two of his humans. Today's Skywatch Friday photos were taken in the Birdtown district of Lakewood. Birdtown is Lakewood's oldest neighborhood and is home to many beautiful churches, most of the churches were founded by various immigrant groups who settled in Lakewood to work in the factories which dominated the Birdtown District. The three churches pictured today are all located on Quail Street and include St. Gregory the Theologian and Northcoast Baptist Church (above) and St. Nicholas Ukrainian Orthodox Pro-Cathedral (right). To read more about the history of Birdtown check out this wonderful website which is sponsored by the city of Lakewood. Another excellent account of the history of Birdtown can be found on this website , sponsored by the Lakewood Historical Society. To see more photos of the sky around the world visit here! Today's theme for TT is HATS! In keeping with the S nap's established Theme Thursday tradition today's puzzler takes us to an emporium of delights. Who can name this classy store which sells pretty much anything one could possibly desire? I will provide a hint in the figure of Eddie, one of the store's owners, the store is not named after Eddie, but is named after his charming wife. Eddie strikes a pose in front of just a few of the store's many hats which are displayed above his own hatless head. As you begin to wander through the store you will encounter one treasure after another - who knows you may even encounter a hat or two in the most unexpected places! The store specializes in furniture, jewelry , pottery, and glassware. The store is opened six days a week - Monday through Saturday, 11 AM to 6:00 PM. This evening after all the Snap readers have a chance to play today's puzzler, I will come back to add the name and location of today's site to today's post - and I hope the next time you are near it you will pop in and take a wander, I'm sure you won't be disappointed, and if you are like me will be sure to find something that you just had to take home! Addendum: Anonymouse nailed the store right off! congratulations! This delightful shop which is owned and operated by Eddie and Connie Dean is called Connie's Classics . It is located in the Birdtown District of Lakewood at 12603 Madison Avenue. Stop in and tell them that you read about them on the Snap! Tuesday was an absolutely beautiful day! Here's a few snaps from my walk around town. I met a few Lakewood students who graced me with an impromptu concert! This young man strikes a pose and and diverts my eye from watching the tow truck. Word to the wise - don't forget to feed those parking meters and obey the parking rules. The Lakewood traffic enforcement patrol is serious! No parking worries when a skateboard is one's main means of transportation! What came into your head when you first saw this plate? The first thing that I thought of was "one left to leave" - possibly meaning the person driving this car has one kid was still at home. And, if this is the message, are we to assume that the driver of the car is looking forward to the day when all the kids are on their own or is this a statement of anticipatory grief? However, soon I thought of another possible message - what did you think of? Inquiring minds would love to know.  first love...first sex I should say...when your whole body explodes...burns... when you feel hungry, thirsty... when all your senses are multiplied bu 100 or 1000 or... when you don't know what day it is, what time it is... then life goes on... other loves, other bodies, journeys.... but I'm still starving... naked... waiting... each time is the first time... Creative therapy n¡ã 103 "a few of my favorite things"...that's what she sang ??? so some of my last previous...etc...little r¨¦alisations.... just clic on the picture... You must think I forgot you all !!! no, I didn't...just feel so busy with the blogs in French and the two forums...I did work at lot actually... here are my bowls to tell stories clic on the picture to see the others... I'll show you more next time... Tonight I can't talk about one, I've got a title in mind, but must create something around it...But i just want to share two collages virtual and real I made about the St Malo Book-Festival who takes place every year in June...such a great event, where you can meet such great people...I couldn't show you all the pictures...I love reading, so much...so much...I sometimes say : I don't believe in god, but I believe in Heaven I know where it is : in all good public libraries... anyway I have a blog where I try to speak about my favourite books in English... Thank you Frida, you really were a true wild woman... wish I could dance, just like the old Sedna the day before she died...the old Saame...she took her magic drum, stood up and started dancing...and suddenly she was twenty...the younger women then realized they didn't have to fear old -age... being lonely, so lonely, never being right, never acting right...always having to behave, never being allowed to be myself, having to be the best pupil, the best girl, transparent... working with Creative Therapy... IT has been related to me, O happy King, said Shahrazad, that there was a certain merchant who had great wealth, and traded extensively with surrounding countries; and one day he mounted his horse, and journeyed to a neighbouring country to collect what was due to him, and, the heat oppressing him, he sat under a tree, in a garden, and put his hand into his saddle-bag, and ate a morsel of bread and a date which were among his provisions. ...................... I didn't know I would ever be able to tell about it, but it really looked like one thousand and one nights... Whatcha got cookin'? Al the Retired Army Guy is a reader of this here blog and a student at the New England Culinary Institute. Here's a quickie blog on of one of his latest projects. From Al: Here are a few pictures of a display platter my classmates and I worked on. If you¡¯re wondering why everything appears shiny, it is because all of the food is coated in aspic (gelatin) to give the food a shine for display purposes only. It isn¡¯t meant for consumption, though you could eat it if you wanted to. I wouldn¡¯t mainly due to the gelatin. Without the gelatin, though--> ;-) In the pictures you will find a terrine, a liver pate, and a duck galantine, as well as two vegetable garnishes. There is also a beet/pickled onion salad, with an orange vinaigrette (you can¡¯t really see the vinaigrette). The single plate represents a single serving of the components contained in the platter. It took us about six hours to put five coats of aspic on every individual piece. The vegetables were individually carved and placed as well. I did the ¡°pointy¡± rutabaga bases you see, as well as the chioggia beets (the purple ones, carved into fleurons or a crescent shape). I did the orange/white squares you see inside the circular garnish on the right side of the platter. The terrine, galantine, and liver pate were made for us by classmates and our instructor. Overall it was a lot of fun. All the attention to detail I learned while in the Army definitely pays off while doing things like this. - - - Looks good, Al. Now whydontcha come over here and wrangle up something for dinner? - - - Thirteen years ago, I pulled a novel from a bin at the library's used book sale and paid one dollar for it. Sapphire's Push immediately engaged me and I didn't put it down until I'd reached the last page. The book takes stylistic risks, with Precious Jones narrating her own story in a phonetically realistic voice. She is poorly dressed and obese, the sort of person many of us pass on the street and never see. Therein lies the brilliance of the novel. Push puts Claireece Precious Jones and her harrowing life squarely in front of the reader. If this was difficult and compelling to watch unfold on the page , the trailer for the movie Precious indicated it would be stunning on the screen as well. After much consideration, I decided to take my 12-year-old daughter to see Precious. "I was really rooting for Precious," I said as we talked about the movie on the way home. "Me too," said Jessie. I was bowled over by Gabourey Sidibe's portrayal of Precious. If possible, she realized Sapphire's vision with near perfection--as someone who is so easy to dismiss, until you really see her. Then she is impossible not to embrace. To be honest, I had some literary quibbles with the novel, but my respect for the risks it took overwhelmed them. The film has received raves as well as scathing criticism for being "a strange combination of liberal guilt and condescension," which is a point well taken. I apologize that I cannot find the link now, but one of the reviews I read took issue with Precious's weight saying something to the effect of must she be so fat that her face is distorted? Then darling Howard Stern chimed in last week with his obnoxious comments about Sidibe. I was infuriated by this stupidity. Don't these morons realize that the driving force of Precious is a main character who is the antithesis of Gwyneth Paltrow and Reese Witherspoon? Her physical size is symbolic. It's one of the reasons she will not be denied. Whether you're on the pick or pan side of the reviews, that ambition deserves respect. As for Sidibe, I think you're beautiful, Gabourey. Now go bury the likes of Stern with a long and illustrious career. - - - I apologize in advance for this, but some things just have to be gotten through. See what I mean? Now for a random list of observations. 1. No small task keeping the cleft of venus off screen in that footage. Kudos to filmmaker Gary He. 2. Those crystals aren't going to be very jazzly after BooBoo and BamBam have a few rolls in the hay. 3. What if you lose some of those crystals? I mean really lose them? "Um, SugarPop? The one wing of your butterfly is, like, gone." I think we all know just how embarrassing that's going to be. 4. I've always liked Jennifer Love Hewitt. She's not A-list or B-list. She's your A-/B+ list and I can get behind that. Hence, you can imagine my reaction when she goes on George Lopez and announces she's had some spa-person glue beads around her zorch. Who does that? 5. Regarding this exciting new phenomenon, my bud Steven Gould had this to say, "I'm still a guy who prefers hair, uh, hairy, uh, you know. Vahaired." I think he's onto something with "Vahaired." With all this new shit coming down the pike, we're going to need titles, categories--the whole drill. 6. I wonder if there are guys out there with beads stuck around their peckers. I wouldn't ever want to see any dickazzled or ballazzled anything. Nope, regular big hairy guys with beer for me. (Did you notice how I got right behind Steven on the New Age vocabulary job? I'm cool like that.) 7. I bet Snooki is jazzled in places Jennifer Love Hewitt can't even imagine. 8. You've probably noticed by now I'm avoiding the word "vajazzled." It makes me nervous. A word like that lands in your life and boy are you stuck with it. I don't like ultimatums, so I deal with this sort of thing in my own way. Hence this post. 9. I refer to my own pudendum as Glorious Steinem. - - - "I can¡¯t think of anything that I liked in my twenties that I would want tattooed on my body now. Okay, maybe chicken Parmesan, but that would take up too much space." Now go read the rest of my good buddy Paul Ita's latest essay for masslive: My Horrible Tattoo: A Cautionary Tale for America's Young People. - - - The above word cloud is courtesy of Wordle. I cannot get enough of that silly gadget. To have your work instantaneously analyzed and transformed into a piece of literary artwork is like masturbation for writers. After Alex Pruteanu introduced me to it yesterday, I fooled around Wordling this blog, old articles, even my writing bio. The source text for today's Wordle cloud was lifted from an article wherein I recount a professional "girlie" photo session, which explains the photo on the left (yes, that is your humble hostess). You can read the full text of the article here. - - - Fifty degrees and sunny. THE CABIN-FEVER CRAZED O'BRIEN CAN FINALLY WALK OUTSIDE despite all the blasted snowdrifts. Riunite Lambrusco, anyone? Above the bar at Cleve-o mega hot spot Melt. The Goat bought a new GoatMobile. Yay, Goat! The old GoatMobile looked sad when we left it at the dealer. Boohoo and bye-bye, old GoatMobile. Indian spirit money house blessing rainbow incense sticks--only six for a dollar at the discount grocery. Man-o-man, my luck never ends. Sorry, ghost of George Carlin. Come-hither bra display at the low grade closeout store. "Honey, springtime is high time for a new toilet." - - - A post chock full of writing tips for all the young writers who contact me with questions about this crazy business and craft. Last updated 3/8/10. - - - Start local and small. My first paid bit of writing was for Ohio Writer . For my 900-word book review of Judith Hemschemeyer's The Harvest , I was paid the royal sum of $10. That was in June of 2000 (you can see how the next ten years unfolded for me here ). Building a professional writing portfolio and the associated career takes time, and it sprouts from humble beginnings. If I were starting out today, I'd probably fish around for casual blogs associated with professional publications. Many daily and weekly print papers have online blogs that might not pay much, but would be an excellent place to earn a link and a bonafide publishing credential. Who knows? If an editor likes your style, it might lead to something more serious (and lucrative). Bonus tip: Leave a few comments on a blog (under your real name) that you might like to write for before querying the editor with your idea. Small local papers are often looking for writers to cover things like school board meetings and local government. These usually are paying gigs. I spent five years doing that sort of thing for The Broadview Journal . That stint earned me experience, street smarts, clips, a bit of local notoriety, and a steady paycheck. Get involved with a local literary or publishing organization. Here in Cleveland, we have The Lit, Cleveland Digital Publishing Users Group (CDPUG) , and the Cleveland Society of Professional Journalists. These types of organizations host all sorts of events, parties, and classes where you will meet professional writers and editors. If you want to be one of these people, you have to support what they do. That means buying their books, paying the club fees and having a genuine interest in their community. It means learning from them in an organic sense. This is perhaps the most important piece of advice I can offer a new writer. I'm sure there are plenty of online sources as well. Many professional journalists I know are members of Freelance Success for example. Go to the library. There you will find droves of books dedicated to publishing and writing advice. Librarians are wonderful and can always make good suggestions. In my home library, I have a shelf full of Writer's Market editions. Two other good books to start with are The First Five Pages and The Elements of Style. Mind your manners in a cold contact. Don't ask established writers for big favors. Never send them unsolicited writing to critique. Also, don't ask a writer to do your work for you. Finding the right publications to query is hard work. The question, "Where can I publish this?" is almost never appropriate. Get online and start researching for yourself, or go find a copy of the LMP. Follow guidelines. When you're ready to submit, follow the guidelines on the agent's or publisher's site. If there are none, a one-page query is your best bet. NEVER use cutesy fonts or graphics or anything that discredits your professionalism. Get tough. The more successful a writer is, the more rejection they've faced because they toughed it out and lived to submit another day. If you want to achieve success, you will get kicked. Hard. And repeatedly. When you get a rejection, send out another query the same day. It will help you keep your game face on. Sometimes you have to resort to Plan B and rethink your approach or your project, but giving up gets you no where. Your submission or query will likely get rejected again and again--until the one day when it gets accepted. Be warned: there is a growing trend in the publication industry wherein the powers that be simply do not respond to submissions that don't interest them. All you can do about "passive" rejections is keep a meticulous spreadsheet detailing all your queries with dates, names, pertinent websites, etc. Include any special notes as well. How long you wait to give up on getting a response is up to you, although sometimes an agency or publication will have response time info on their webpage. Simultaneous submissions? Again, your call. You are your own publicist. The days of the reclusive and mysterious writer sucking deeply from a Winston before his trusty Royal typewriter are gone. You must represent yourself and you must do it online. Prospective agents and publishers are busy people with no patience for ineptitude. If your information is more than a click away, you'll lose them. I recommend you maintain two types of webpage. This blog is my main active webpage. Content here is frequently updated. Here is my static/informational site. Content there does not change very often. If you are just starting out, your static page might simply include some education and contact information, and your active page may be a twitter account. However you choose to do it, you must have these things. Design, develop and shape them in a way that properly represents you and your work. They will evolve with you. They will surprise you as well. Bonus tip #1: Google Docs is a brilliant tool for creating static public webpages. Bonus tip #2: The way you drive a readership to your blog is by going to other sites that have the sort of readers you are trying to attract and leaving brilliant comments. And now for some miscellaneous links: They don't call it "submission" for nothing. Where I go to bellyache about writing. A whole podcast featuring Erin on Writing. Lastly, a bit of nostalgia. When I was a kid, I had a Mattel Knit Magic toy. You threaded the yarn through this squiggly little thing in the front, turned the crank, and PRESTO! a knitted tube would come out the bottom of the plastic machine. You were supposed to be able to do all sorts of things with the tubes, make groovy hats and stuffed dolls and scarves, but all I ever ended up with was a long tube, (although I did love my Knit Magic machine). When I lead discussions on writing, I often say that there is no Essay Magic machine, wherein you thread an idea in, turn a crank and watch an essay wind out from the bottom. The process I go through in order to produce a good solid piece of writing is laborious, wonderful, frustrating, difficult and satisfying. It has matured through the years. It is important to be in love with your process, to truly revel in the revelations, and savor the small victories. If you focus solely on that "big" publication, you risk missing the small and wonderful things that happen along the way. Write because you have something to say and your own way to say it. Write because you are driven to the craft. Above all, write because we need the good writers. We need their words and observations. We need them to scale and record the human condition. I will likely revise this page from time to time, so stop by again. And if you have good news, bad news, or your own advice to share, please do tell all in the comment section. Best of luck, Erin - - - My daughter had a tummy ache yesterday and we soothed it with many things, including a healthy dose of MTV's Liquid Television, which was one of my favorites shows of all time. We have about six hours of Liquid Television on VHS (taped in the 90s), so there was enough for this tummy ache and the next one as well. It worked perfect-as-you-please in the tape player that's still hooked up to our shitty 20" CRT television. I swear, people, this is how you win. - - -  Though the Oscar telecast left much to be desired, being slow-moving and chaotic, the red carpet was even more dazzling than usual. The trends were golds & metallics, blush pinks, electric blues, ruffles and pleats, and long trains. Here are the major stars, including which designer each was wearing. Below each image is a chance for you to glamorate. Click on any image to view the larger size. Sandra Bullock Marchesa poll by twiigs.com Kathryn Bigelow Yves Saint Laurent poll by twiigs.com Cameron Diaz Oscar de la Renta poll by twiigs.com Kate Winslet Yves Saint Laurent poll by twiigs.com Maggie Gyllenhaal Dries Van Noten poll by twiigs.com Mariah Carey Valentino poll by twiigs.com Anna Kendrick Elie Saab poll by twiigs.com Vera Farmiga Marchesa poll by twiigs.com Tina Fey Michael Kors poll by twiigs.com Mo'Nique Tadashi Shoji poll by twiigs.com Amanda Seyfried Armani Priv&eacute; poll by twiigs.com Carey Mulligan Prada poll by twiigs.com Diane Kruger Chanel poll by twiigs.com Miley Cyrus Jenny Packman poll by twiigs.com Sarah Jessica Parker Chanel Haute Couture poll by twiigs.com Zoe Saldana Givenchy Haute Couture poll by twiigs.com Queen Latifah Badgley Mischka poll by twiigs.com Meryl Streep Chris March poll by twiigs.com Sigourney Weaver Lanvin poll by twiigs.com Charlize Theron Galliano for Dior poll by twiigs.com Rachel McAdams Elie Saab Haute Couture poll by twiigs.com Kristen Stewart Monique Lhuillier poll by twiigs.com Demi Moore Atelier Versace poll by twiigs.com Jennifer Lopez Giorgio Armani Priv&eacute; poll by twiigs.com Gabourey Sidibe Marchesa poll by twiigs.com Elizabeth Banks Versace poll by twiigs.com Penelope Cruz Donna Karan Couture poll by twiigs.com My favorite dresses were worn by Sandra Bullock, Cameron Diaz, and Carey Mulligan. To see the play-by-play criticism of the red carpet gowns, check my twitter feed at http://twitter.com/GlamGuide . Who were your favorites? Photos: WireImage & Getty &nbsp; Summer seems eons away and the news is filled with stories of grief and horror. For the next few days, I'll just be posting pretty things to look at, to give us all a safe haven from the world outside. $2,195 Christian Louboutin Let Me Tell You Ankle Boots $1,795 Jimmy Choo Embellished Open-Toe Ankle Boots $610 Miu Miu Satin Mary Jane Platform Pumps $795 Yves Saint Laurent Crisscross Ankle-Strap Sandals $240 Dolce Vita Adra Peep-Toe Studded Pumps &nbsp; Always wanted to have what Oprah has? We should all be so lucky! Now at least everyone has a chance to own an item or two from Oprah's closet. From today to March 11th, Oprah's auctioning off 168 pieces of her wardrobe, including handbags, shoes, and clothes. All proceeds go to benefit Oprah's leadership academy. Prices are already getting high on the first day, but take a peek: Oprah's eBay Auction . &nbsp; Ladies, I know many of you are handy and like to play "Project Runway" at home (so do I, when the mood strikes). Most of the Vogue Patterns, including the Vintage Vogue Patterns that have silhouettes from the 1930s to 1950s, are on sale for $5.75 until end of Friday at VoguePatterns.com . I bought 3 from the vintage (including the 1950s PinUp aprons) and 2 from the Misses, all for $30-something including shipping! &nbsp; $39 Halogen Pleat Shoulder Cardigan . Nordstrom. How cute are they?! I bought two: Hibiscus and Black (goodness knows, one can never have too many black cardigans). &nbsp; I hope everyone has a great day today, whether in a couple or single. It's really a day for telling everyone we love&#8212;family, friends, pets&#8212;that we care and are glad they are in our lives. So this is me, telling you :) xx GG Image from the cover of the March 1928 Film Fun magazine, by Enoch Bolles. From the Romeo & Juliet photoshoot by Annie Leibovitz for the December 2008 issue of Vogue. &nbsp; I woke up to hear the news: Lee McQueen has died at age 40. He was found dead in his London home, having committed suicide due to depression which set in after his mother's death last week. My thoughts go out to his friends and family. On the Alexander McQueen website is this statement: "On behalf of Lee McQueen's family, Alexander McQueen today announces the tragic news that Lee McQueen, the founder and designer of the Alexander McQueen brand, has been found dead at his home. At this stage it is inappropriate to comment on this tragic news beyond saying that we are devastated and are sharing a sense of shock and grief with Lee's family. Lee's family has asked for privacy in order to come to terms with this terrible news and we hope the media will respect this." While most of us fans and fashion lovers never knew him personally, we feel the loss keenly. McQueen was an exciting, inspiring designer and, through his clothes and runway shows, he made a connection with us. He will be missed for a long time to come. Wendy Brandes posted this video of a holographic Kate Moss floating in air like an angel, in an ethereal Alexander McQueen gown. I agree &#8212; one of the most beautiful things ever to grace a runway. There will be no more posts today, out of respect for a great designer, who left this world too soon. Photo: Marcio Madeira / Vogue  Activists help put an end to gross negligence and primate deaths at a University lab . It's amazing to me that most Universities, even seemingly progressive ones like UC Berkeley, conduct useless experiments on animals. Legendary "Humanzee" Oliver, his friends, and the bitter fight over animal welfare at a Texas refuge . "MEPs Jens Holm, Caroline Lucas, Sajjad Karim, and Robert Evans are today calling on other MEPs to back a landmark call to make plans for an end to the use of chimpanzees and monkeys in experiments across the European Union (EU) . The call comes at a point when almost 50 MEPs have signed a declaration before the European Parliament to end primate research across the EU in the next six years." Let's hope the U.S. wakes up and follows Europe's lead. I find it very sad that we as a nation aren't leading this fight for compassionate science. New Iberia Research Center (NIRC) has the most captive primates in the world, and is affiliated with the University of Louisiana at Lafayette. A former employee revealed disturbing allegations of animal cruelty that prompted an investigation and lawsuit , and another group that analyzed reports requested from the University (as is our right under the Freedom of Information Act) found disturbing signs of abuse and neglect relating to a group of rhesus monkeys . NIRC has also conducted maternal deprivation experiments , what I consider to be one of the more cruel, useless, abominable "research" activities. Write to Thomas J. Rowell, the veterinarian in charge, and request that the aging chimpanzees under his care be released to a sanctuary. These animals will not be forgotten. Thomas J. Rowell, DVM New Iberia Research Center University of Louisiana at Lafayette 4401 W. Admiral Doyle Drive New Iberia, LA 70560 Karen - age 48 Billy Ray - age 47 Clay - age 46 Diana - age 46 Jan - age 46 Julius - age 46 Lady Bird - age 46 Pumpkin - age 46 Sandy - age 46 Walter B. - age 46 For example, Primarily Primates, Inc. , which housed several retired research chimps, is apparently a pit of despair. Also, facilities that receive federal funding such as Chimp Haven must return animals to laboratories if they are requested to. In my book, that's not really retirement. Project R&R; has a list of sanctuaries that can take animals , and notes which have received funding, and I assume approval, from them. Personally, after watching Chimpanzees: An Unnatural History on PBS and getting to "know" Gloria Grow , I think the Fauna Sanctuary is truly a place that's earned it's name. Most Americans think that chimpanzees who have spent more than 10 years in research deserve to be retired : seventy-one percent of us, in fact. Despite this, nearly 90 percent of lab chimps have been used for more than 10 years. Jane Goodall's pioneering research has opened a window into the private lives of chimps. To read how similiar they are to humans, visit JGI's Chimpanzee Central . "Once we admit that we are not the only beings with personality, reasoned thought, and above all, the ability to feel and express emotions such as joy, despair and empathy, then we develop a new respect for chimpanzees. The line between human and other non-human beings, once thought so sharp, becomes blurred. This forces us to a new respect also for the other amazing animal beings with whom we share the planet. " From the Wisconsin State Journal : "A Dane County judge said Monday that the law is on the side of animal-rights activists who want to buy buildings next to the UW-Madison's primate labs and open a museum highlighting the cruelty they say happens at the labs."  This has a nice Homer Simpson vibe to it. And let's face it, who else could qualify as the original airhead better? My mental age just hit somewhere where it can only be defined as 'very old, bordering on senility and that stage when the fridge seems like the optimal spot for any sort of keys, the husband's deodorant, and Mitzy, the little hand-bag size poodle'.&nbsp;Or perhaps I finally bore witness to that thing called a blond moment , made so famous by Jessica Simpson of the notorious chicken of the sea fame. Or was it Marilyn Monroe (Oh no! Am I having another one? Of those moments . Or was it that Monroe was just having more fun...? Nngh! She does look like she was having oodles of fun in her hayday, but then again she did kill herself, so I don't quite know what that does to the whole having more fun than brunettes or redheads, and... What was I saying? Am I still writing an aside in the parentheses? Shit.) What? Shit. Oh yes. I was writing about my interesting discussion at the gas station today. In case that wasn't completely obvious from the Marilyn Monroe references. Nothing says gas like Marilyn, right? "Please fill it up," I say, and the man smiles at me through my open window. There are the usual questions on the water and oil and something I think sounds like 'carlage' but which I haven't actually told them to check yet, not even to find out what carlage might mean, when I hear the gas pump click. "Hmm, that's awfully soon," I mumble to myself and frown in what I always believe is an endearing manner, but might just be scaring the bejeezus out of the attendant, as I'm pretty sure I can see his lip quiver just a little when he approaches me again. "52 rand," the man tells me. "What? That's not possible! I had less than half a tank left! How much did you put in?" I open with, but decide to make things easier for myself as him telling me 5 liters or 50 is not going to mean anything to me anyway, "wait, scratch that. Did you fill it allllll the way up?" I make a sign that to me signifies full, but probably means that I would like to hitch a ride to Baragwanath hospital on one of the local taxis. Which I probably should not do. Or that's at least what every single person I've told about my two taxi-rides in Soweto says as they look at me like I'm insane. "Yes ma'am, allllll the way up" says the attendant and makes a sign that might mean that he too is in need of some sort of transportation. I start the car and watch the gauge that doesn't move at all. "See!" I yell and point at the dashboard, "There's something wrong!" "Madam, that's the temperature gauge." Now, where to find a new gas station I can start frequenting? Looks sufficiently medicinal, but is in fact taken at a vineyard. You might not know this, or may not have guessed it since I've been told more than once that it isn't exactly a thing I radiate and would possibly even sneer at, apparently because of my cynical ,&nbsp; professional and rational-seeming exterior... I fokken know. I mean, really? WHAT IN THE NAME OF PLATONICALLY FROLICKING UNICORNS WOULD GIVE ANYONE THIS IDEA?!?! See, right there, I just had to scream because it was sort of warranted. the whole thing's just that utterly confounding to me. Utterly. ...but I am a strong believer in the power of alternative medicine, the role of nutrition, vitamins, and such other like things, when it comes to staying healthy or being cured. So I pop a lot of pills of the supplement variety. I drink a lot of wheatgrass juice. In the mornings I like to brew liqorice-root and cinnamon infused green tea to be sipped (and to hopefully cancel out some of the negative effects) right alongside my several cups of morning coffee. I eat a lot of broccoli and spinach. I chew on flax seeds. I drink incredible amounts of water. I buy organic. Somehow, almost without noticing it myself, I seem to have become one of those people. Those annoying people who show up at a dinner and won't eat half of the things on their plate because they either contain sugar, white flour, starch, dairy, or something passing itself as fruit but which is closer to a lump of sugar, just not as refined. Those irritating people who can comfortably talk about the benefits of vitex agnus castus as a dietary supplement for at least a good 20 minutes, and don't even get them started on superfoods. Those boring people who swear by a green concoction of wheatgrass, spinach, cucumber, avocado, and some alfalfa as the best snack ever. Those frightening people whose pee is always neon yellow from excess vitamin C and completely discussible with anyone, odor included. One of them . Which I thought was a mainstream movement and I was just a little slow at catching on. Yes? Aren't we all pretty much those people by now? At least mostly. Surely we're all on the 2010-version wagon of 'you are what you eat'? We all understand and respect the awesome power of traditional medicine, but don't sneer at new, or sometimes 'ancient', developments in the form of uses of medicinal plants, acupuncture, patient-specific treatments, yada yada and all that jazz, right? Turns out, nope. For quite some time I have been managing my condition that involves a severe hormonal imbalance among other wondrous medical phenomena, without taking one pill of the drug variety. (Okay, so in the last year truly managing, prior to that just refusing to take the drugs and sometimes suffering quite a load of consequences. I admit. I like wine, burgers and coffee. So sue me, oh body of mine.) When I was diagnosed in Denmark more than five years ago, it was the doctor who pointed me to a site on the internet with more information about a necessary diet, the necessary supplements, the correct kind of exercise, and other such hoopla. The website was pink in color, but it was doctor recommended, so I read it and have now finally followed. Without a need for any kind of drugs. Well, coffee and wine of course, but they are more in the 'necessity for ultimate survival of the human race' category anyway. However, here in South Africa, it seems that those people don't quite exist yet, and that medical 'developments' are running a vastly different course, if not a whole different race. "Either you manage your condition with medicine or you suffer and live with the consequences," the doctor, a prominent gynecologist and an elderly man, says, looks at me and sneers. "But I haven't actually had any 'consequences' in the year I've been managing it with natural products and diet," I respond. And, as much as I hate to admit it, I do the air quotes. Yup. I do. "Well, that's all pure nonsense," the doc blurts out, "show me one [fancy word I don't know what means] placebo [other fancy word I don't know what means, the flippen a-hole] study out there." The doctor laughs and I stare at him. "Just because there aren't studies out there doesn't mean the products and diet do not work. There aren't any studies out there showing they don't work either," is what I should have said, but instead I just stare. Also, the ultrasound device inside me is throwing off my 'tude mojo some serious. And the doctor just laughs. And then he laughs again when I tell him I refuse to go back on the medicine because of the side effects, since according to him there aren't any. THE ASSHOLE. There I go, screaming again. Maybe it's the 'consequences'. Growing up Finnish, mainly in Finland, guaranteed a few things. 1) Someone, at some point of my fragile youth (I'm thinking the big mean high school sports coach, and yes, I too was fragile at one point in my life. Was too!) made sure I learned how to ski. Cross country. Fast. Even if I was wailing like a lunatic while frog-legging it up a steep hill with my increasingly slippery skis on. But Finns must all know how to ski. Yes they do. And&nbsp;I still hate skiing like the plague. Only worse. 2) I didn't have to learn how to hug, compliment, or express any kind of affection through any other means than slightly raising my left eyebrow and grunting softly. Or by emptying the dishwasher. Or vacuuming my own room without being yelled at. Or making a full pot of coffee instead of just two cups for myself. Or not telling my best friend she looked like crap even if she totally did (Pigtails never look good. No they don't). I learned to love the Finnish way. Except for skiing. That I learned to hate. Like hundreds of thousands of other Finns before and after me. Why am I talking about skiing and affection? Together? WHY? Why would I combine possibly the worst memories I have of Finland and being Finnish with love? Ah well. I'm not completely there. Or here. Yet. The lights are on, but the lady's still under the covers. This past week saw me return to Finland at a time I normally avoid. I was supposed to be landing in the warmth of Cairo, but instead, at the airport, which incidentally instead of Cairo was in the freezing north also known as Helsinki, around midnight, I was met with -17 degrees celsius and my tired brother. My grandma suddenly passed away and my family needed me. Which was a first, because we Finns don't tend to need other people, or at least we won't say so. As it turns out, they really did need me. They needed the one person in the family who has learned to hold hands with anyone else than their significant other (mine taught me that!), to hug, to console with words that are in no way masqueraded as grunts, to go beyond household chores as far as displays of affection go, and to laugh through tears and not be terribly embarrassed by it. But that was only to get the ball rolling. For the first time in my life I hugged my Grandpa. And he hugged me back. I held his hand. I consoled him. I talked with him about Grandma, about Africa, about traveling, about getting a good fire going, about my childhood, and about the life from now on. And then I talked with my mother. I held her hand. I hugged her. I consoled her. And she hugged me back. And we talked. Last week, I learned the true depth of the love, I had sometimes doubted even really existed, between my Grandpa and my Grandma. I learned about the way my Grandpa would, whenever my Grandma wasn't there, literally count the hours to her return. I learned about his desperation at her open casket. I learned about the completely missing 'I' in everything he's ever done. I learned about how Finns, and by that I mean FINNS because that's what my war-veteran Grandpa is to the core, can love too, really love to a point where it takes your breath away. I learned that perhaps I'm not so special after all, with my fancy hand-holding, foreign hugging, and the continuous 'I love you's. I learned that underneath that uncomfortable and repressed seeming eyebrow wiggling and vacuuming instead of talking, there are some serious and deep emotions coming out of Finland too. Some serious love. With all that enforced skiing, who would have guessed? &nbsp; &nbsp; How to handle this? How to talk about this? My Grandmother on my mother's side passed away on Monday afternoon. She wasn't very old and she wasn't very sick. She had a heart attack putting away groceries while my Grandfather was getting firewood from the shed. She wasn't breathing when my Grandfather found her and there was nothing the paramedics could do to bring her back. She was gone. She is gone. Her last word was 'coffee'. She was going to make some for herself and my Grandpa, which is only fitting, since that's what she spent most of her life doing. There was always hot coffee. Or at least the thought of making some and then drinking some. Always coffee. For everyone. Imagine her horror when she found out that my Viking didn't drink coffee. The first few times she simply ignored the exotic ways of this weirdo foreigner and poured some in his cup anyway, but once she found out that instead of the Viking it was I who was secretly downing the manna in his cup in addition to my own, she solemnly ordered him to "At least drink milk, boy". Loudly. And in Finnish. I think that's when the Viking (after a sugarcoated translation from me) finally understood what it meant for me to say that I loved him "even more than coffee." In not so many days I'll be in Finland, sitting in my mother's kitchen, drinking copious amounts of Finnish coffee, and talking about my Grandmother. While my mother makes sure there's hot coffee in the pot. Always coffee. For everyone. My Grandmother will be missed. May I offer you something rotten to go with your morning coffee? Warning : This here particular diatribe will include stuff about weight, losing it (weight and temper), flying, How much I love Kevin Smith, and other assorted controversial things (Maybe. Depends on what the maid decides to do with the wineglasses she's supposedly washing). So, if you're tired of the whole SWA humiliating innocent Kevin Smith debacle ( something along the lines of this moron's view ) go away and come back when I return to inadvertently trying to kill the guards at my gate (I would never, but they insist on hopping in front of the car at the weirdest places) or just to my general doing nothing and then some more nothing, and shoes. Because, today, I have been thinking. Pondrin somthin serious. In the last couple of days I have been following Kevin Smith 's (who really, truly is some kind of a god-like force within comedy, if you disregard certain extremely carnal and perhaps even unnecessary tweets about him boning his wife, and I will disregard them and love him nonetheless) experience with flying on, or at least trying to, Southwest Airlines. How he got booted off of the flight that he had already been seated on (with the armrests down and not 'spilling' onto his fellow passengers) because he had gotten on that flight as a standby and had actually, for reasons relating to his own comfort on the flight and because he's probably fairly wealthy seeing as he's a really successful funnyman (How do I love Clerks and Mallrats? Let me count the ways.), bought two seats for the later flight he had originally selected. Thus apparently officially 'admitting' that he was fat, in fact too fat to fly in one seat. Now, if you have been following this blog for a while you all know how I feel about flying , how much my derriere detests even the mention of it , how my thighs protest violently every time even the thought of travel pops into my head , and how badly my brain wants to grow to the level where I can invent an easier way of moving from one place to another - a teleportation device if you will, or even a Harry Potter-ish fireplace of travel, just without house elves, thank you very much - without having to subject any part of me to the experience that is check-in, airport security, boarding, other people's 'hand luggage', flight, in-flight 'entertainment', stewardesses (especially the ones I seem to encounter. Hello Air France!), airplane seats, airplane bathrooms, other frikken passengers, customs, and having my luggage mangled and/or efficiently spirited away (always to London, it seems). I consider having to fly anywhere a punishment of epic proportions. Mainly due to the extreme discomfort of airplanes for anyone who isn't 5'4 and weigh at the most 100 lbs. Because, naturally, airlines want to make as much money as they can, and thus squeeze as many of us as possible into the smallest space possible. Regardless of whether or not we really fit. Comfort and friendly skies my ass. Torture and bitchiness is much closer to the truth. I hate the journey. I do. Also, if you indeed have been following this blog for a while, you would know that I've never been a small specimen of a woman. Expressions such as East-German shot-putter, Amazon, and perhaps even Grand Dame (No, sorry, that was to do with champagne I think, but what the hell, I like it) have come up. But what you don't know, unless you know how to decipher my cryptic hints, is that today I'm perhaps 50 lbs lighter than I was when I last had to make a plane trip longer than 2 hrs. Still, I'm a fat woman. I'll always, always be a fat woman. Regardless of how I look on the outside. And will never think there is anything wrong with being a fat woman. Or a fat man even (still, I think I'm going to stay a woman. I like my boobies too much to exchange them for just one overly dangly piece of anything). Weight loss has never been a goal for me, nor will it ever be. I strongly disagree with what normally passes as equal to healthy, and what kind of appearance almost automatically gets labeled as unhealthy, slovenly, lazy, undesirable, ugly, or second rate. My recent change has come about as a side effect to some changes (such as saying no to most fruit, traditionally considered an unhealthy decision) that have been quite necessary, and due to a genetic condition I have, in order for me to not need medicine that shouldn't be mixed with alcohol (and I seriously do want to keep drinking the wine, if in smaller amounts than before), for the sake of my poor liver, and to save poor VEG from her siamese-sister contractual obligation to give me a piece of hers when mine finally conks out. So I feel for Kevin Smith. And I whole-heartedly support him. Awesome of him to use his fame, regardless of how humiliating the situation must have been for him, and bring some much needed attention to this kind of treatment received by all of us overweight peeps often enough world over. In all kinds of situations. More often than one would think. Because, discrimination based on one's weight is unwarranted for. This kind of discrimination, like is in the case of smokers, could only be tolerated IF overweight actually directly also spelled harm to others, and/or costs to others. Which it doesn't. It's often said that it does, but the truth is that it doesn't. It just doesn't. Sure, there are many extremely unhealthy people who are sure to end up having [insert a costly medical procedure right here] before they are 40 years old who are also overweight, but it just isn't that overweight which makes it so. That overweight is just a symptom. Then there are many extremely healthy people who will live to be a nice 104 (and might in doing so end up costing quite a few bucks to society as well, I might add) who are overweight. There are many extremely unhealthy people who are sure to end up having [insert a costly medical procedure right here] before they are 40 years old who are 'normal' (who tell hell decided what was normal anyway?) weight. And so on. Case by case. All people are individuals, and the beauty (and the curse) of statistics is that you can have them display for you exactly what you want. That's why the media loves statistics. They sound official enough to back up a report about a 'fat epidemic' and can easily be made to play into that end. And a fat epidemic just hits so much closer to home than an actual epidemic STILL sweeping the world: the AIDS epidemic. I don't need to remind anyone how many people die of AIDS in sub-saharan Africa EVERY SINGLE DAY do I? There's no way this number isn't plastered on every single front page all the time. What? It isn't? Well, shit! I guess the 4100 people a day who die of AIDS in sub-saharan Africa are a drop in the ocean compared to the thousands and thousands of people who succumb to the evil, evil epidemic of having a BMI over 25 every single day. &nbsp;I guess it's the 6 in the 26 that wraps around their hearts and slowly suffocates them. Must be. Fat does not automatically equal unhealthy. Nor does thin equal healthy. In my part of Africa fat can also equal wealthy, beautiful, handsome, healthy, and happy. It's all cultural. It really is. And while we have, hopefully (although evidence to the contrary seems to be surfacing around me constantly) stopped categorizing and judging people based on the color of their skin or their gender, weight remains the last frontier of 'accepted discrimination'. And who is it that is making it so? Well, us. You guys, we suck. Why are we so fokken dumb? One last thing in the way of warning : Should you feel you disagree with me on this one and feel the need to tell me so in a comment or in an email, I WILL immediately think less of you. I will consider such a response equal to you telling me you loved the Twilight saga and didn't see anything wrong with how it portrays women and girls, or how you identify with the characters in Marian Keyes novels. I WILL think much less of you, your intellect, and your ability for compassion. Much, much less. &nbsp; Lately, since I've been leaving the house almost every single day - albeit mainly to buy shoes (Thank you Zeus for Stave Madden), but also to work on all sorts of exciting projects with just a pinch of introducing some honest American English to unsuspecting souls in a (Whoa!) classroom situation (it gets better...) with moi actually in charge (when you say it all together like that the result is quite scary and unpalatable, I know) - I've again been subjected to one of the things I don't particularly miss from my life in Mexico City (Yes I do! I miss it all!), but that very likely accounted for quite a few months out of the couple year span. Yup. Traffic. Trafico . I have such fond memories of inching down Reforma, one of the main arteries of Mexico City, for hours on end in my burgundy shoebox of a Chevy with zero air conditioning. Wearing exhaust fumes like a fine perfume. Buying all of my cleaning products at intersections. Chatting to beggars in broken espa?ol . Singing along to the songs on that weird Mariachi radio station without actually knowing the words (cept for Cielito Lindo . Everyone knows Cielito Lindo . Besides it's just a whole lot of ay ay ay ay and then some more ay ay ay ). Watching my suction cup Jesus gently sway in the furiously circulating lukewarm air. And believe it or not, sometimes playing sudoku. Honest. And here I am again, stuck in traffic. Granted, regardless of still conforming to the universally accepted definition of traffic (as opposed to the Finnish definition which can be loosely understood as: "Shit. There's someone else on the road at the same time as me! Holy Cow! I must watch out now."), the traffic here in Jozi is nowhere near the kind of sea of ebbing and flowing waves of chaos associated with Mexico City. Still, it's something you sit in for longer than you had initially intended or hoped. Until you run out of boogers to fish out of your nose, and that weird, red something between your teeth that looks like tomato peel although you can't remember when you last had anything with tomato in it just does not enthrall you like it did a minute ago. But traffic's different here. Simply not slow enough to play sudoku, put on makeup, tweeze my eyebrows (I don't really, just putting it out there as a potential), work out what the hell that black stuff underneath my nail is and why can't I wash it off, come up with seven different ways of wearing my faux-hawk with the help of multiple mirrors available in my car, or make up stories of people who have those stupid 'baby on board' suction-cup thingies on the rear window in which (the stories that is) they always have dark family secrets or possibly an extra toe/finger/other magnificent appendage (never claimed to have a normal imagination). Too fast for anything but radio. Thus, I'm actually finally coming to my point. Yes, there fokken was one all along. There really was! (Well, okay. Maybe not a point, but more of a theme. A unifying factor. Yes.) &nbsp; And my point is a series of questions to you people: How loud is it acceptable to sing along to 50 Cent's Baby By Me? Does 'doing that weird vogue movement' with your head make any difference? Is Baby By Me the new Baby Got Back? How frikken awesome is P!nk? Why don't more people sing loudly in their cars? What is it called when you kind of dance along behind the steering wheel? What do you do to kill time in traffic? I know. I do. I blame the mother-in-law. Maybe you should too. Whilst I was wildly careening around Southern Africa, expertly &nbsp;dodging (Ahem! Yes. You have to own your strengths and avoidance of things is what I do best.) my mother-in-law's sneaky attempts at... what? I'm not sure, but she was definitely up to something sneaky and evil-ish, who knows with her? To wean me off her precious eldest so that he can find a nice Danish girl? To magically make me forget about contraception (and actually suddenly gain the ability to reproduce) and populate the earth with tiny ginger-haired half-vikings for her to clothe and give hard candy to? To make me eat a sugary dessert? To feed me to the lions? To ... What was I saying? Oh yes. Whilst I was romping around my part of this continent with my spirit safely stowed away in the upstairs shower, and taking crap from a certain someone without once raising a finger and only sometimes an eyebrow and only rolling my eyes and sighing when she couldn't see or hear, something wonderful happened. Somehow, at some office of the infamous South African postal service someone decided to deliver two (I know. TWO! I can't get over the number, which usually is more like 0, the remains of 1, "Ma'am, there is no delivery for you", 1/3, "Are you accusing us of theft ma'am?" or less than 0) packages to me. TWO!!! (I know I already said it, but two is almost unheard of. A mythical number postal delivery-wise. Possibly a sign that somewhere up there, an angel finally has his wings. Or a pig flies. Or a baby unicorn frolics. Or Hitler's learning to snowboard, way way below up there and everyone else in the bad man's case, of course.) It is as if the universe knew who was visiting me. And wanted to stop me just shy of a violent act. By making me remember how wonderful a place this world of the interwebz can actually be. And how well my bloggy pals really do know me. I present to you in order of arrival: A thing of pure beauty and ingenuity that really truly encompasses a good deal of my personality. Something to do with golf and then again, something to do with my blatant inability to golf. A way to become better without actually doing anything really taxing about it. I've always thought voodoo might very well be the answer to most of my problems. Or at least a more exciting way of ignoring them and not dealing with them than your most garden-variety means of procrastination. A Golf Voodoo Kit From my beloved siamese sister (who lets me ignore her just as I do my biological family) VEG of the (Mis)Adventures of VEG . Go read her! She is very much like a Canadian me . Except that instead of drinking wine, she recycles. Followed by a mere day by another thing of pure beauty and ingenuity that really truly encompasses a good deal of my personality. Something to do with coffee. Well, actually the precious infant born to Arabica and Light roast: Starbucks. Which I love only slightly less than the Viking. A Starbucks Christmas ornament and a card made by the sender herself From my dear, dear friend and part-Finn Erin of My Camera and The Gentle Giant . Go check out her wonderful photos , learn about her life , or at least go check out something very close to her heart: autismspeaks.org Thank you universe for people who love me and remember me. Even when my spirit's in storage. Love you right back people! Not you, mother-in-law . So. Mother-in-laws. They, and you (by which I actually mean ME ME ME ME ME!!!), are better off in their own little corners of the world. Or at least that's my immediate experience. A hypothesis now firmly grounded in the severity of reality and made into an iron-clad fact. This here = my corner, that one over there far, far away = the mil's niche. And we all can live happily ever after, like tradition, and Disney and each and every 80s teen movie, promise. And that Molly Ringwald, she wouldn't lie, would she? So, please bugger off dear mama and let me have my prince already! The Viking's mine and no matter what you do, there is no way you will ever be able to shove him back up there. You know, up to Denmark, in case some of you were thinking I meant the uterus, which I did initially, but then I just decided to discard that image altogether lest it screw me up for good, so we'll just say Denmark. The sentiment still applies. Between me and her (feel free to add your own disrespectful tone here) I prefer a distance of a few continents, and at least one whole ocean if at all possible, but I have heard - although this is something I would never personally accept or recommend - that a mere 'few countries to the East' is sometimes sufficient. Well. Not for me. Still, like they say, bad things happen to good people. And sometimes she (please amp up the disrespectful tone from before) is to be found right under one's nose. In one's spare bed. Loudly criticizing one's choice of linen, innards of the fridge (so the packet of crazy glue says to keep it in the fridge!), lack of tan, and the water pressure or the magical lack of it during her (you know the drill now) showers. And all that before the discussions about the ' unpalatable food of Africa' were ever even entered into. But it's time to move on, she 's (I know you know what to do...) gone. It's time to be generally glad that no one threw a punch or drew actual blood, intentionally or unintentionally, that doors have locks, that a car can drive you far, far away, that there was a fair amount of laughter, be it fake, distraught, to mask the tears or actual, that lions were being cooperative and not hiding in the bushes, giving everyone a welcome break from the evil eyes being shot left and right (I'm sure the lions never even knew what hit them), that regardless of not-so-veiled threats absolutely no one threw the poor daughter-in-law to them in best Roman style, that Spar sells wine early in the morning on a Tuesday, that a spot of archery and a wild imagination can relieve a pent up need to scream without any actual screaming, that world has coffee and alcohol and coffee-flavored alcohol in it, and that the Viking knows to take my (and only my) side. And that my father-in law (who doesn't detest me nearly as much as I thought he did) and her (yada yada blah blah) managed to create someone I can call my bestest friend in the whole wide world, whom I love more than life itself, and to whom I'm the center of the universe without still quite figuring out how I manage to pull that off on a daily basis. And that he is the wonderful person that he is. Thankful, yet homicidal. Hmm. Just give me a couple of days to retrieve my spirit from the top secret storage location (okay, the upstairs, master bedroom shower, that has excellent water pressure, I might add) I've had it shoved up into, to keep it safe from harm and any potential vampiristic, i.e. Hey-Zeus-help-me-this-woman's-sucking-every-single-drop-of-life-force-and-other-assorted-positive-things-right-out-of-me activities. But I WILL be whole again. And I'm still breathing. HA!  There was a stream of cars passing right before I took this picture. Each one paused as it approached the green light, thanks to the curb extension which pinched the intersection as well as making the walk crossing distance so much shorter. Such a nice treatment for this block, which is actually rather lengthy though residential, with parking on both sides. Cars used to speed up the hill to catch the green light - this pinch point helps to remind them to take it easy. In the world of transportation, this is really great stuff and part of the Downtown Brooklyn Traffic Calming study , which T.A. instigated ages ago, and is finally coming to fruition. There are more than 100 improvements slated for this spring according to the NYC DDC and above is an excellent example. An interesting thing about NYC's improvements on the street: though there is an attempt to standardize improvements with the Street Design Manual , there is also a wide variety of applicable treatments. These are the first white ADA-compliant curb cuts I've seen in the city - I've also seen yellow and gray. I kinda like that there is some flexibility and experimentation with this, and not one size (or color) fits all. After decades of one-size fits cars, seeing how things break loose is rather fun. Image by Youngna Park, available via the always wonderful 20x200 Exciting news! T.A. is starting up a Planning Corps, to gather together planners/designers and apply their amazing skills for change on our streets. This idea was hatched out of numerous conversations with two different groups that only sometimes interact. One set was with T.A. staff who wanted to beef up on technical expertise and stay relevant. The face of advocacy has changed considerably in the past few years, tools are very different, technology development outpaces a small non-profit organization's ability to keep up, and the political climate is very different. Generally, we're pretty nimble, but this is partly because we know when to change accordingly. The second set of conversations was with planners who had a itch to change the conventions of urban planning. How do we use planning in a way that benefits communities and organizations that really need it, instead of contributing to master plans that sit on the shelf or to EIS's that become a mockery of true environmental sustainability impacts? Not to say that long-term planning isn't necessary, but what can be done now to enable change? A call was put out for planners (e-mail me if you're in the NYC area and are interested in participating) and a project list from T.A. staff was compiled. But... As I was trying to come up with projects that people could work on, I realized that I was really grappling with conventions of planning and experiencing how deeply ingrained they really are. The staff came up with a long list of projects necessary for their campaigns. Most of them are those that are one-on-one with a staffer or small group (aka the "client"), longer-term due to research, data collection, where the planner goes off to do work, whatever that is, and hopefully comes back with a final product. But the ones that the planning group expressed interest in are those that can be done in a group, at once and still end up with something useful. (Charrettes qualify, but few other things do - can you think of any?) I was really challenged with coming up with "on the spot" project ideas where a group planners could come in and get their hands dirty right away. At minimum, planning projects must have a strong connection to T.A. advocacy - so that there is a high potential for change. That part wasn't hard. What was hard was thinking about re-structuring work so that it had at-the-moment application and was highly productive. I stopped worrying about how it would happen and embraced the idea that what we needed could be done in many different ways. But, that means that the hard work is really on us, the organizers of Planning Corps, to structure creatively any piece of work on the existing project list so that it can be done in a group, at once and productively. If we get through this though then maybe we'll start to see a shift in how planning can change. Planning Corps is new with lots of space for experimentation, so if you have ideas and suggestions, please do share. Our first meeting will be March 24, location TBD. People's schedules change quite a bit as job/personal responsibilities shift, so the hope is that the way Planning Corps works - matching planners to non-profits/campaigns for change - will endure. It's all over the transportation world, but worth posting about here. NYC is getting closer and closer to delivering transitways - first Select Bus Service , especially the designs for 1st and 2nd Aves, now this proposed project on 34th Street . Thanks DOT for trying out another innovative design in CBD Manhattan. This is a huge improvement in terms of prioritizing use on our streets. What do vehicles really need to move? This is a much more efficient use of the public right-of-way, let alone a vast improvement over streets clogged with one-passenger cars. You can leave comments on the project page and there's a series of public input workshops going on this spring. (I would be curious about handling bicycle traffic, curbside management of drop-offs and deliveries, and timing of projects in other boroughs). via Streetsblog , which you should visit for a detailed discussion and some interesting comments Always love to see who wins the Young Architects Program competition to design the front yard of P.S. 1 . Pole Dance by SO-IL doesn't look as salacious as it sounds. d, you're coming back to NYC for the opening, right? Go for it! Update: not public space related, nor really planning related, I realized belatedly. Did I really fall for the sparkling logo? Maybe. From GOOD the OBJECTIVE Make an infographic about neighborhoods and/or your neighborhood. the Assignment Missed the MAK Center's how many billboards in LA. Update: Was wondering how I missed the billboards when I crossed paths with the art so many times...in the car that is. I'm rarely in a car in general. Guess I never looked up in LA. I'm fascinated by driving behavior in general. Everyone trying to talk to each other while muted; imagine trying to tell someone where you are going while covering your mouth. Little signals mean a lot. I also obsess over pedestrian behavior: are they walking for fitness, fun or work, with friends, where are they walking to/from, do they cross with the light? Enthralled by the few mixed-use retail areas. It seemed like LA lacks bus shelters though there are many bus riders. Finally, I literally count cyclists, check out their bike and see if they obey traffic laws. Total urban planning-transpo-geek. Real guerrilla gardening from the artist Pete Dungey . "Julia has a friend who started keeping bees four or five years ago. The friend had four hives. Almost as soon as she started on this hobby, a crisis occurred - her house burned in a really bad fire. So the bees have lived in her backyard for four years with nobody taking care of them.The friend invited Julia (my partner at Blue Heron) to come and salvage these hives. Julia in turn invited me, dangling the possibility that if there were live bees we might each get a hive out of it. We decided that if we did get hives, we would probably put them at Blue Heron or at the new Little Nancy Creek Park where I have asked that we be the beekeepers.The first hive was dead and empty of everything. All of the wax had been eaten out by wax moths. New wax had been built in the hives but it was abandoned. There were wax moth cocoons under the inner cover and the hive was dead. Probably the original bees had died and a swarm moved in (making the new wax) and then either absconded or died as well." 1887 ¡°Mind you stay together, you lot! Make sure you¡¯re back before it gets dark and don¡¯t go far! You hear?¡± ¡°Yes, Mam,¡± echoed the trio of children huddled around the door of the small terraced house before setting off down the street and making their way to the lane leading up to Sky Pond, their tongues wagging and jam jars clanging when their clogs made contact with the cobblestones. Half way up the lane, the mood changed as the rules for the afternoon were laid down. ¡°We don¡¯t want any whinging from you, our Gracie!¡± the tallest boy snapped, pointing a bony finger into the chest of the frail-looking girl in front of him. His other arm lay limply by his side. ¡°If me and our Bunny find a docker and want to share it, we will. If you go telling our mam, we¡¯ll have yer guts fer garters!¡± ¡°I know better than to tell me mam, Alan,¡± Gracie snapped back at him. ¡°I¡¯ve still got the bruises from last time!¡± ¡°Right then. Don¡¯t say I haven¡¯t warned yer.¡° ¡°Don¡¯t think Gracie should be going up Hades on her own. It might rain,¡± the younger boy quipped hesitantly. ¡°It might rain? It might bloody rain? Listen, soft lad, it might rain every blinking day! Like our dad says, if it ain¡¯t raining it¡¯s just about to!¡± The face of the younger brother flashed as red as his hair and Gracie came to his aid. ¡°Don¡¯t worry about me, Bunny. I¡¯ll be fine. I only want to go up t¡¯stones and dance with the fairies fer a few minutes. I¡¯ll be straight back down,¡± she bent down to his level and gave him a reassuring smile. Bunny gave her a reluctant one in return. ¡°Yer can come with me, if yer want?¡± Gracie added, wide-eyed. ¡°He not going chasing fairies, ¡± proclaimed Alan sarcastically. ¡°He¡¯ll turn into one -? he¡¯s already half way there! He¡¯s coming with me -? I need him ter help me catch the taddies.¡± Bunny¡¯s face crumpled when he heard Alan¡¯s words. He wiped his nose across the sleeve of his threadbare jumper several times and then hitched up his short patched trousers. ¡°Right, make yersel¡¯ scarce, Gracie,¡± ordered Alan, walking on and dragging Bunny by his clean sleeve. ¡°Up ter top, five minutes and straight back down to meet us by t¡¯pond.¡± ¡°Righty ho,¡± said Gracie, breaking away from them and giving Bunny a wave. ¡°An¡¯ don¡¯t be late!¡± shouted Alan. ¡°Or I¡¯ll...¡± ¡°Have me guts fer garters!¡± shouted Gracie, pulling a funny face that only Bunny caught sight of. She started running, laughing with excitement as she did so and occasionally turned around to watch the minute figures of Alan and Bunny trotting off in the opposite direction towards the deep black sparkle of Sky Pond. Part way up, Gracie lost sight of her brothers and sat down on the gorse and heather-clad hillside and surveyed the mill town at its foot. The crowd of smoking giant chimneys of the cotton mills below reminded her of the dragon that St. George must have fought in the pace egg play. She shuddered. It was no secret how hard it was in those mills. Her older sister Katie had aged years since she¡¯d started work there. And now that Gracie was ten, she only had a couple of months to go before she would join her, as Alan¡¯s gammy arm had prevented him from taking his turn first. She wished she could be like Miss Annabella Templeton and go to school until she was grown up, or be a doll like Lady Caroline Theawicke! Mind you, she didn¡¯t want the curse that Lady Caroline had to live with, no way! She would rather be friends with fairies than devils! Perhaps Ma Crabtree was right when she¡¯d read her mam¡¯s tea leaves last week. ¡°There will be no mill for Gracie!¡± Maybe she would be lucky and fall for a job as a servant instead? A dark cloud passed overhead and Gracie looked up. Bunny was right, it looked like rain. She smiled when she noticed the full moon in the afternoon light -? there would be fairies today -? definitely! She ran on gaily. --- Panic swept the whole street. Men stood on the corners talking earnestly, women sobbed silently so as to not scare the children. They were all scared though. Every last one of them. Young Grace Regan had gone missing up on Hades Hill and her brothers claimed she was away with the fairies! Ma Crabtree believed them, as did many of the older members of the community, such as Fanny Parkinson who had gone through the tor ring backwards when she had failed to conceive after eight years of marriage. Ma had told her what to do and her belly had been full within the year. Fanny¡¯s child had the ability to see things others couldn¡¯t, too, just like Ma. Ma waited for the knock at the door -? she knew they would come. When the hilltop had been searched and no body had been discovered, they would seek her out and she would tell them what they already knew but didn¡¯t want to believe -? not yet. After a while, she knew they would want to believe it for anything would be better than thinking the child was dead. Mind you, she had seen it in the cups and had told the mother that there would be no mill for Gracie! The mother had taken it that another occupation would call instead, but Ma had a good idea at the time that it had something to do with the stones. She hadn¡¯t expected them to take the child away though, it had been a long time since that had happened. Since before her time. The knock came, just as she knew it would. She put the kettle on and answered the door. They already knew where Gracie had gone, but they had to hear it from someone else, someone who knew about these things. Next Prev 1967 Elizabeth ran down Market Street and turned into Cotton Row. She needed to be quick -? super quick. Her mother knew exactly how long it should take her to do the errand. Even if there was a queue in the Co-op it should not take more than twenty minutes, any longer and she would be straight after her. She looked up at the grey stone building. All the previous times she had passed it she had never paid it much attention. Funny that, because the building looked just like something out of a fairytale. It was so easy to imagine Rapunzel sitting at the turreted window. From where Elizabeth stood, she could clearly see two entrances. She much preferred the grand entrance with the door that looked as though it belonged to a castle, but her granddad had specifically said that she should go in the side one. Elizabeth was fascinated by the stained glass in the window of the side entrance door. She could make out angels, flowers and animals. She wished she had the time to look at it in more detail but she didn¡¯t have a second to spare. Breathless she rushed inside. Elizabeth stared hard. The man standing before her looked like a real live angel! He even sounded like tiny chimes; she was positive that the vague tinkling she could hear was coming from him. She studied him closely. His long blond hair fell loosely to his shoulders, like Prince Charming in her storybooks at home. This must be the ¡°Tash fellow¡± her granddad had told her she might see. She continued to stare wide eyed and panic started to rise in her. There was no way she was going to get the words out in time, make it to the shop, and make it back home again. There was no way! ¡°Don¡¯t be frightened,¡± Tashriel said, walking towards her. I don¡¯t bite. He smiled and Elizabeth continued to stare. She felt him touch her on the shoulder. ¡°Is that better?¡± ¡°Yes, thank you,¡± she heard herself say, gasping for breath. ¡°I¡¯ll have to be quick, I¡¯ve only got ten minutes to tell you and I have got to get to the shop and back home. I think I¡¯ve used nine minutes already! My mum will go mad if I¡¯m late back and...,¡± she stopped for breath as he raised his hand. ¡°No need to worry, Elizabeth, there is plenty of time. I promise you that you will be home with minutes to spare.¡± Elizabeth blinked several times and continued staring. He really was very pretty. ¡°So, now that we know why you are here, and...¡± ¡°But I haven¡¯t told you yet!¡± Elizabeth interrupted. ¡°I¡¯ve got a message for you from me granddad and...¡± ¡°Yes I know,¡± Tashriel replied softly. ¡°I knew what your message was as soon as you came in and I asked a friend of mine to go and fetch your granddad and meet us both here. We¡¯ve been searching for your granddad for a long time and now he has found us again. He¡¯s waiting for us with my friend Stanley in another room. Come with me.¡± He held his hand out to her and Elizabeth placed her small one within it. ¡°Let¡¯s go and join them and have some tea.¡± --- Lady Mabel Theawicke watched as the child and Tashriel left the red reception room at RoYds. ¡°It will be for the best if you stay away from Elizabeth from now on,¡± she remarked, looking sternly at the man sitting in front of the fireplace with Stanley. Billy nodded. He could still feel the weight of the child on his lap where she had been sitting earlier. It was almost like she had left a little imprint on his presence. He sighed. He liked the kid, she had done him a big favour, but he didn¡¯t need her any more. Besides, he had to go back before midnight. That was the bargain with Annwn and he had no choice but to stick with it. ¡°So, you have no idea what happened to your body, only that it¡¯s somewhere in the dell?¡± Stanley asked, passing Billy a cigarette and lighting it for him. Billy inhaled deeply. By heck that¡¯s grand ¡°Should imagine so,¡± replied Billy offhandedly looking off into space and then back at Stanley. ¡°I¡¯m not mithered, you know. It makes no difference to me. Unless some fucking hopper¡¯s running about in it! I shouldn¡¯t imagine it though? You would have heard about that by now if they was, wouldn¡¯t you?¡± Stanley nodded. ¡°Well then, best it stays where it is. It¡¯s obviously well hidden. I¡¯ve no need for it either. I suspect after all these years the earth has already reclaimed it. Best thing all round if you ask me.¡± ¡°So,¡± Stanley said, sitting forward in his seat. ¡°This Gorgeous George bloke knocked you on the side of the head with some kind of object and that was it? No light, eh? And the next thing you know you are wandering around the dell twenty years later?¡± ¡°That¡¯s about it,¡± Billy answered, taking a final drag on his cigarette and throwing it into the fire. ¡°He died in an accident if I remember correctly,¡± Lady Mabel looked across to Stanley for confirmation. ¡°Yes, he did. Car crash I think... Obviously, we took a great deal of interest in that outfit after your disappearance, Billy. We knew something had happened to you and that the answers lay with the Living. Never able to get to the bottom of it, mind you. The conclusion was that you had gone directly into the light.¡± ¡°Aye, well who knows! Probably would have done, given half the chance! Anything would have been a damned site better than that place I ended up in!¡± Billy shivered and gazed blankly at his knees. Stanley reached out and patted his shoulder. ¡°I remember he married Cora Woods and they had quite a handful of children. They seemed to be a good match as far as I could,¡± announced Lady Mabel as much to herself as anyone else. ¡°Well, thankfully all that¡¯s over now and a new dawn has begun.¡± quipped Stanley cheerfully. Billy looked up and directed his question at Lady Mabel. ¡°Elizabeth told me that...my...Anne died in 1952?¡± ¡°Yes, that¡¯s correct,¡± replied the Lady Mabel, walking over to him, her long grey skirts rustling. ¡°Did she...did she ever marry again?¡± The mask of Lady Mabel¡¯s normally emotionless face cracked a little and her cornflower blue eyes held those of Billy¡¯s firmly. ¡°No. Anne never loved any man but you, Billy.¡± Billy wiped away budding tear drops from his own eyes with the back of his hand. ¡°Aye. I loved her and all that,¡± he sobbed and then faded away. Next Prev 1967 Billy watched idly as the little old woman continued to laboriously bend and pick up the few dry birch twigs that were scattered around the clearing. Each stoop seemed to require twice as much effort than the last. So far, her daily foraging did not look to have been very successful. He looked up to the sky; the morning was quickly drawing in, he doubted that she would have the quantity of firewood she required to see her comfortably through the next day. Billy looked towards his own pile. It had taken a strapping bloke like him half the night to come up with a bounty like that. She had no chance! Billy watched as she struggled to tie her small bundle together. Her hands were chapped, the fingers knotted with age. He tensed as the bushes around him rustled and a little white terrier with one red ear emerged from the undergrowth and padded up to him. He bent down to pat it and delighted with the dog¡¯s enthusiastic response, continued to make a fuss of it. ¡°Calm down now, lad,¡± he said playfully, and stood up fully again. The dog reminded him of his own dog, Monty. He hadn¡¯t seen Monty since...he couldn¡¯t remember when. He looked over to where the old woman had been scavenging. She had moved on a bit, although her bundle of twigs had not grown any larger. Billy had seen the old woman on many occasions but he had never seen the dog before. ¡°Best get gone now,¡± he ordered the dog. The dog splayed out on his belly and wagged his tail. Billy smiled despite himself. ¡°What¡¯s up with you? Eh...soft lad,¡± he said, unable to resist bending down and making another fuss of it. The old woman had turned around and was catching up the distance between them. Billy noticed a dejected air about her and sighed. Grabbing a large amount of his own prized firewood, he ran over to her, the dog following behind. ¡°Here,¡± he said, cheerfully thrusting the wood in the old woman¡¯s direction. ¡°Yer may as well ¡®ave this lot as well!¡± --- ¡°See that tree?¡± Elizabeth looked over to where her mother was pointing and squinting through the sunshine, and peered closely at the very boring tree situated in the tiny garden beyond the graveyard they were standing in. Elizabeth nodded. My dad planted that tree when I was not much bigger than you are now. In fact, I might have been even younger. He took the pip from an apple I had eaten and planted it in the garden. ¡°¡®One day,¡¯ he¡¯d said, ¡®There¡¯ll be a tree here even bigger than the house.¡¯ And we both laughed. Every time I see that tree I think of my dad. Some people believe that as long as a person is remembered, they never die.¡± Margaret smiled down at Elizabeth and ruffled her hair. Elizabeth looked at the colourful flowers carefully arranged in the vase beside the black marble headstone and the names carved upon it. 1952, that was in the olden days! Her mother must have been very young when her mum had died. Elizabeth felt sad thinking about it. ¡°We¡¯ll call in there and have a nice cup of tea with Mrs Bibby, shall we? See how she is?¡± Margaret said encouragingly to Elizabeth. ¡°If you¡¯re a good girl, we can call and have a toasted teacake for tea at the Myna Bird Cafe!¡± Elizabeth smiled brightly and skipped along the cobbled rake leading down from the graveyard and into the town square. --- Elizabeth concentrated on not staring at the grey whiskers on Mrs Bibby¡¯s chin. It would be such a disaster if she missed out on a visit to see the Myna bird. ¡°Why don¡¯t you go and play outside, dearie? It¡¯s such a lovely day and plenty of juicy apples have fallen off that tree today. Have a look and see if any of them are worth taking home with you!¡± ¡°Yes, Mrs Bibby,¡± she said in her best voice and skipped out of the tiny kitchen into the garden beyond. Most of the apples had tiny worms in them. Elizabeth giggled to herself; the worms always looked so funny wriggling about. Her dad always told her it was because apples were used to make cider and the worms were drunk. The warmer the day, the drunker the worms! These ones were steaming. Nobody likes me Everybody hates me ¡°I think I¡¯ll go and eat worms!¡± Elizabeth sang out. Big fat juicy ones Eensie weensy squeensy ones ¡°See how they wiggle and squirm!¡± Elizabeth giggled. ¡°What¡¯s your name?¡± ¡°I¡¯m not supposed to talk to strangers!¡± Elizabeth pouted at the man sitting on the grass beside her. ¡°I¡¯m not really a stranger.¡± Elizabeth tilted her head to one side. ¡°Well, in that case, if you¡¯re not a stranger, you tell me my name!¡± she said cheekily. The man laughed. ¡°You got me there! Is that your mum in there? I think that¡¯s your mum in there because that¡¯s my girl -? that¡¯s my little girl...Maggie.¡± He answered looking through the kitchen widow and gazing into the room beyond. ¡°Not so!¡± Elizabeth said standing up and putting her hands on her hips. ¡°That¡¯s my mummy and her name¡¯s Margaret, NOT Maggie!¡± She stuck her tongue out at him and then screwed up her face. ¡°So there!¡± The stranger also got up onto his feet. ¡°Margaret is her Sunday name but she was always my Maggie. See this tree here?¡± Elizabeth nodded wide eyed. ¡°Well, I planted this tree when it were a little tiny seed like this one here,¡± he said, picking up another apple and plucking the seed from it. ¡°If you want, we can plant this seed over here and when you grow up it will be bigger than this house!¡± He walked over to the far corner of the garden and waited for her to join him. ¡°My name is Elizabeth,¡± she announced gaily. ¡°What¡¯s yours?¡± ¡°Billy. You can call me granddad if you want.¡± Elizabeth smiled and nodded. ¡°Elizabeth¡¯s a Sunday name. How about I call you our Bess? ¡± Next Prev Refuge of Delayed Souls Ebooks are Free during Read an Ebook Week which runs from 7 - 10 March 2010 Use Coupon Code RFREE at the checkout. Vol One ~ RoYds Vol Two ~ Billy Enjoy :) 1946 ¡°Staibey Nayes?¡± ¡°That¡¯s right. They¡¯ve moved out lock, stock and barrel. Heard say now the war is over there¡¯s other places more suited to what they need. Heard they didn¡¯t much like it anyways, spooked by the dell. Its inhabitants more like -- after all those scare-stories we¡¯ve been spreading round!¡± Raucous laughter spread throughout the pub like wildfire. Billy looked at his cards. He could win this round. Switch, the twenty stone King of Crime, was in a good mood for a change. Billy put out his cigarette and took a sip of his pint. ¡°It¡¯ll work out well for storage and also be a good place to hang out when the heat¡¯s on. That swine Allen¡¯s still got a face like a bulldog licking piss off a nettle despite all the readies we¡¯re bunging him. Heard he has quite a grudge against you, Billy -? been shagging his wife or summat?¡± Blade asked, throwing a ten shilling note into the pot of coins and notes already on the table. The infectious laughter echoed around the room and Billy joined in. He didn¡¯t mind being the brunt of it, not tonight anyway. Not when he was on a winning streak. He placed his aces on the table. ¡°Not yet!¡± he said coolly and lit a fresh cigarette. Switch studied him keenly and then burst out laughing. ¡°Not yet! Not bloody yet! I like his style!¡± He pushed the money in the pot over to Billy and then continued in a more serious tone, ¡°What¡¯s he got against you, Billy? Apart from the fact that you are a lying, cheating little shit.¡± Switch leaned in and held Billy¡¯s gaze a fraction longer than necessary. ¡°But then again -? aren¡¯t we all?¡± he quipped, leaning back and pulling his braces forward. The room exploded once more. Billy casually collected his winnings off the table and put them in his inside jacket pocket. He made a mental note to give Ann a bob or two of it to spend on herself and the kiddies. That was if he had any left after he had finished paying his dues and put aside what he needed for his fags, beers and bets next week. He drained his glass and passed it to the vivacious Cora who, as usual, was hovering enticingly nearby. ¡°A few year back I gave his mother one,¡± replied Billy in a deadpan manner, inhaling deeply on his cigarette and blowing a smoke circle into the room. Switch actually looked like he believed him. ¡°I¡¯ve no idea,¡± he added quickly with half a smile. ¡°He¡¯s just a nasty piece of work.¡± ¡°You can say that again,¡± said Gorgeous George from where he stood, leaning against the bar leering at Cora as she walked past with her hands full of dirty glasses. Billy ogled Cora too. Been there ¡°Right, gentleman! Time to say good night and thanks for donating to the House of Lawrence. Same time, same place, tomorrow.¡± Billy kicked his chair back and stood up. ¡°Not tomorrow,¡± Switch looked up at him. ¡°I want you to deliver that last load down to the Nayes. Have it there for 10:00 p.m. Mark my words now, lad.¡± Billy nodded and walked away, stopping briefly on his way out to have a quiet word and squeeze with Cora at the bar. The opportunity to mark his territory was too tempting for Billy to resist. --- The road leading down to Staibey Nayes was accessed from the far side of town. It was tree lined, had no street lights and was wide enough for only a single vehicle to manoeuvre at any one time. The road continued for about three-quarters of a mile and to a stranger would seem to come to an end in a wood which appeared on the horizon beyond. A local, however, knew that just before the end of the road was reached, it branched off to the right and opened onto a building complex. During the war, the entrance to the complex had been barred by a gated sentry box which had been manned by two fully armed security guards at any one time. Tonight, though, the gate was open and the chain and padlock were tossed to the side of the road. The buildings had existed centuries before the war. For a period of time before war broke out, they had served as a depot for the engines which carried the stone through the dell from the quarries above. Prior to that, they were warehouses for the cloth made in the cotton mills close by and before that still, a local wool merchant had built his mansion here. Ever since records began, there had been buildings in the location of Staibey Nayes. Billy had learned that at school when they had been taught about the Doomsday Book. Billy expected to get a good cut from tonight¡¯s load. He had no compunction about fuelling the black market. After all, they were only supplying a demand and someone had to do it. If it wasn¡¯t them it would be someone else. Billy had expected to see other vehicles in the empty quadrant. He pulled up and parked the stolen lorry, and then checked his watch: 21:55. There was still time for a cigarette. He opened the cab door of the lorry and stepped outside into the cold night air. After transferring his cigarettes and matches into his trouser pocket, he threw his jacket and scarf back inside the cab despite the chill. The wind blew up and whistled through the trees, carrying the sweet scent of night blossoms and the call of an owl. Billy tried to decipher which part of the dell the sound had come from. The silhouette of the leafless trees against the raw black and twinkling night sky caught his attention and he leaned his head back and tried to decipher his favourite constellation, the Plough. The moment was spoilt when the door of the building to his right was opened and Gorgeous George waved him over. Both men worked up a sweat carrying the cargo from the lorry into the building where Gorgeous had been waiting. Billy also worked up quite a temper. He was raging that no one else had been there to help them. He wasn¡¯t anyone¡¯s fucking monkey! Switch should know better than to waste his time and sweat on shifting this crap. Eventually, the job was done and Billy followed Gorgeous back into the building to collect his earnings for the night¡¯s hard work. He couldn¡¯t wait to get his hands on that wad of cash! Gorgeous walked through the former office where they had stacked the goods and into the one beyond, where Billy could see a black holdall resting on a makeshift desk. Billy lit himself a well-deserved cigarette and as he waited for Gorgeous to get the money together, he walked over to the window to continue his earlier aborted search for the Plough. Fuck He threw his cigarette on the floor and stomped it out viciously. Standing against a dry stone wall near to the parked lorry below was a young woman in a red coat, looking up at him. Shocked, he watched dumbfounded as she turned and seemed to be intent on something that was happening in the dell beyond. Billy turned to let Gorgeous know about their unexpected visitor and felt the impact of a heavy metal object. Billy fell to the ground and into a vicious kick from the boot of Gorgeous George. ¡°Not so fucking handsome now, are you, Billy Boy?¡± --- Billy was in the water, Charlie was crying out in the distance. Billy swam out to meet him. again and again Peg stood between Billy and Michael, her eyes wide and pleading. Billy lifted his rifle and pulled the trigger. again and again Cora moaned softly into Billy¡¯s ear, her breasts pressed tightly against his chest. Anne walked in and caught them. again and again Billy treaded water as the incendiaries came down and screams echoed around him. You¡¯re going to Hell, Lawrence ¡°I¡¯m already fucking there!¡± He screamed. Next Prev 2008 ¡°Linus Howell,¡± announced Stanley perplexed. ¡°I would recognise him anywhere,¡± said Elizabeth with an involuntary shudder. It was the first time they had all been together in one place for as long as Elizabeth could remember. Stanley had gathered together his war cabinet. The group of them were crowded around a large circular table in the red reception room at RoYds. Wilfred was busying stacking coals on the already roaring fire behind them. ¡°Kelly Crabtree is sitting in a classroom up at the college and all of his other victims are walking around as large as... life, ¡± added Paul. ¡°It¡¯s as if his crimes never happened! Of course we know differently, but somehow Howell, or someone... something else, has managed to bewitch the Living into believing otherwise.¡± Elizabeth noted the concerned looks around the room before shifting her attention towards Gemma who had placed herself in between Tashriel and Grispheran. Much to Elizabeth¡¯s annoyance, the latter was sitting sideways against the table his own attention also focussed firmly upon Gemma who was flirting with him outlandishly. ¡°Then there is only one explanation I can offer,¡± said Stanley, lighting a cigar. ¡°Whatever Ed Lord uncovered up at Heyleigh Stones has magical properties. It would appear that we need to recover it and return it to where it belongs without further delay. ¡°Agreed,¡± said Tashriel almost as if he was speaking for all of them. Lady Mabel leaned forward, placed her elbows on the table and the palms of her hands together as if in prayer. When she had everyone¡¯s attention, including Gemma and Grispheran¡¯s, she spoke with authority. ¡°The last time something like this happened...¡± ¡°Was in 1946 when we first lost poor Mr Lawrence,¡± interrupted Wilfred standing up from the fireplace and walking towards them. ¡°Ah, Wilfred,¡± said Stanley twisting in his chair and looking over his shoulder to get a view of him. ¡°Would you like to join us?¡± he nodded towards the empty chair beside Paul. The coal dust disappeared from Wilfred¡¯s hands as he joined them at the table and produced a delicious looking display of cakes upon a silver platter. ¡°Mr Lawrence?¡± asked Elizabeth quizzically. ¡° Billy Lawrence?¡± ¡°The very one, Miss,¡± confirmed Wilfred. ¡°I did have a soft spot for Mr Lawrence, Miss. Dare say he reminded me of myself in some ways...¡± ¡°Quite,¡± said Stanley in an attempt to bring them back on track again. ¡°We can¡¯t talk about that little episode now -? we haven¡¯t got time. By the way, has anyone actually noticed the time by any chance?¡± All eyes focussed on the Edwardian clock ticking merrily upon the black marble mantelpiece. ¡°What about it?¡± asked Gemma. ¡°The clock looks to be working fine to me.¡± ¡°Always does, Miss,¡± replied Wilfred reassuringly. ¡°Then what are we looking at?¡± questioned Paul. ¡°11 a.m.,¡± announced Archie solemnly. ¡°And totally dark outside!¡± Next Prev 1946 The safe job had been easy enough. Billy was aware that the police suspected he had been involved somehow. He also knew that if they could, they would fit him up for just about anything. The newly promoted Sergeant Allen in particular was a nasty piece of work. Takes one to know one Switch had been fair with Billy up until now, so he had no complaints. He had initially misjudged Gorgeous George and Dan the Man -? they were a bit barmy, mean to be sure, but not bad with it. You knew where you were with them and the consequences of crossing them, he could handle that. So far, there had been the one explosives job, a few lorry heists and a huge amount of black market profiteering. His little side job with RoYds was proving to be a good number too -? money for old rope. He wondered what they had in store for him this time as he walked up to the now familiar open oak door and stepped inside. ¡°Afternoon, Mr Lawrence. Dark out isn¡¯t it?¡± Wilfred never changed. Billy wished he would take the stick out from up his arse and cut the brownnosing. ¡°Stanley in?¡± he asked, throwing Wilfred his coat and starting off down the passageway. ¡°As a matter of fact, Sir, Lady Mabel would like a word with you this morning. You will find her in the office, Sir, first door on the left.¡± Lady Mabel! He had yet to have the pleasure! He whistled merrily to himself as he continued down the opulent cobalt blue-decorated corridor and waltzed into the more practical office, usually reserved for unsuspecting members of the Living who required the services of RoYds. --- ¡°You want me to what?¡± Billy snarled, closing the distance between them. ¡°Where the hell do you get the idea that I would do something like that? What do you think I am -? your lap-dog?¡± He was furious. Jumped up little tart Billy stopped thinking when his back slapped against the wall behind him and his head smashed up against the ceiling. A split second later the door slammed furiously open and shut leaving him alone in the room. He looked down, the view was just like he suspected it would be from this angle -? not that he had ever given it much thought, mind you. He would probably break a bone or two if he just fell to the floor and said a silent prayer that whatever power was keeping him up would let him down slowly. Tashriel appeared in the room below and Billy found himself standing by his side. ¡°Silver.¡± ¡°What?¡± Asked Billy exasperatedly, brushing the plaster from his made-to-measure navy suit and exercising his neck in an attempt to ease the newly acquired crick in it. ¡°Silver. Offers no protection against your own kind, but if you carry some on your person, Lady Mabel -- and other factions -- will not be able to harm you. I doubt Lady Mabel intended you any real harm. You are still breathing.¡± Smarmy pretty boy ¡°And who would you be then?¡± Billy replied sarcastically. ¡°Someone she just mistook me for?¡± ¡°I could always put you back up there if you prefer,¡± Tashriel volunteered, looking up at the space Billy had so recently occupied. Calmer now, Billy considered Tashriel¡¯s offer. ¡°Er...no thanks!¡± He pulled a packet of cigarettes from his inside pocket and helped himself to one before offering the packet to Tashriel. ¡°I know that Stanley enjoys a fag,¡± he said hesitatively. Tashriel politely declined. ¡°What was it about Lady Mabel¡¯s request that enraged you?¡± ¡°I¡¯m no cold blooded murderer!¡± snapped Billy in reply, removing the lit cigarette from his mouth. ¡°Seems to me that witch is quite capable of doing the deed herself!¡± Tashriel sighed, ¡°As I said, keep something silver on you at all times to prevent it happening in future. Better still, try to get control of your temper.¡± Something about Tashriel¡¯s tone brought Billy to his senses. ¡°Aye. Suppose you¡¯re right.¡± ¡°Besides, you are simply being asked to contain a situation,¡± Tashriel remarked casually. ¡°The real John Sweeney is already dead -? your role is merely to evict the entity that is squatting in his body. --- It had been drizzling all day, perhaps all week, he couldn¡¯t remember. Billy wondered if it would ever stop and, upon further consideration, whether it was possible for an entire town to weep. Personally, he had no time for tears. As far as he was concerned, they would not serve any purpose and only distract from the job at hand. He buttoned up his navy overcoat, pulling the collar up as far as possible as he did so. Casting his eyes down towards the grey flagstone pavement, he took the identity of a grey man amongst other grey people. The house was straight ahead. It was not his first visit here; he had recce¡¯d the place on several occasions at various times of the day and night. He knew exactly where he was heading -? some would say straight to Hell. He had no doubt that he would be on the guest list if such a place existed. Nearly there now, he unbuttoned his overcoat, turned off his wandering thoughts and went into autopilot mode. He knocked on the door and it was answered almost immediately. What?!?! MORE cupcakes? Where are the drawings and sewings and art, Alicia?' you say.'Psshaw!' say I. ' I HAD to make them! They're brain slugs. I have no choice.'And so this past weekend, I made some Futurama brain slug cupcakes for a birthday celebration. We needed something that could travel to the pub, be delicious, be to the birthday boy's liking in terms of content, and fairly quick and easy to make, just like last year's Zappa Utility Muffins.I opted to make the brain slugs themselves from gum paste, with royal icing eyes, and flower stamen antennae that I attempted to dye green with food coloring (and very vaguely succeeded in doing so). They are vanilla cupcakes from scratch, with some slightly grenadine flavored buttercream icing brains. And they were as tasty as the sweet, sweet fluids the brain slugs crave themselves! because you can never have too much yarn porn. january 1, i started a 365 photo-a-day project. and, in consultation with many of your good selves, i created a&nbsp; flickr group &nbsp;to support it and for us to have a place to share our photos and give feedback to one another, with the idea of improving our photography. in the initial, heady days of january, it was so much fun! it seemed like the year would fly by and the inspiration would continue to flow like a fountain. all these people who knew one another from the blogosphere and a few new ones joined in and we became friends. and everyone learned and made explore and was happy. then february struck. most of those in the group live in the northern hemisphere, so it was the darkest, coldest, most dreary part of the winter and it was hard. now it's march and spring is taking its sweet time in coming, at least where i live. there are days when i look outside at the aging snowbanks and the bare trees and i think, "i can't possibly take a &nbsp;picture of anything worthwhile today." but then i take a wander around the house or i look at the photos the others in the group have taken and i feel inspired by something someone else photographed, and i get through it. because i promised myself i would. and my promises to myself have to mean something. and you reach a point where you keep doing it BECAUSE it's hard and because doing things that are hard can be good for you, and because it makes you buy fresh flowers on a regular basis. my reasons for doing this have already changed in the 75 days it's been running. at the beginning, if i'm &nbsp;honest, i wanted to show off my ability to take breathtaking pictures and develop more consistency in that. now, i realize that such a project is more about documenting what's going on in my life. and i admit that it's most decidedly not breathtaking on a daily basis. some days, i use my iPhone (thank goodness i've got&nbsp; hipstamatic and camerabag and other apps to make that more interesting). when the weather gets good, i'm going to use some of my film cameras (they're best at outdoor photos). i realized that a profound macro of the inside of my cat's ear doesn't actually help me document my life on a daily basis, so i've worked at pushing myself away from those and towards things that will help me remember what was going on and what was important to me at a particular moment in time. i think ultimately i'll find that this project is about memory for me. the other reason i did this was to be more mindful of the world around me. to notice things. to see differently. last year at about this time, i got on a total eyeball kick , which i later realized was about my wanting to SEE differently. having to take a photo every day makes me look differently at the world. i'll admit it's hard for me not to see the current exodus from the group as a personal rejection of sorts, despite endless explanations to the contrary, but i'm trying. and until i can forget about it, that's all i can do.in the meantime, it makes me quite sad to see people give up and leave us, whatever their reasons. but although i'll admit it shakes my conviction, especially because it's people i love and respect, i remain committed. after all, i read recently about a guy who took a picture every single day from 1979 'til his death in 1997. now THAT's commitment. if you're not now totally put off the idea of taking a photo every day and you'd like to join us, please check out the blog camp 365 group on flickr. it's never too late to start! - - - and the picture at the top? what does it have to do with all of this? well, it was one of THOSE days, where i took what felt like 600 pictures of the new yarn that i'm going to use to make granny squares after kristina and ulrika teach me this coming weekend, and i wasn't pleased with how any of them turned out. but then, i played with them in lightroom and i think this one came out ok. a process that was good for me and which framboesa talks about very thoughtfully here . yesterday, in the flickr group, kristine had a shot of her passport and used it to tell the story of how she was soon moving on to her next assignment. i didn't have any idea what i was going to do for my photo, so i did one of those tribute shots , as they're called when you blatantly copy what someone did and give them credit. i located my old passport and my current one and, as can often be the case with these daily photos, took a little trip down memory lane. old on the left, current on the right my passports are fatter than your usual passport. and that's because both of them have had pages added to them. twice. you'll also notice that my old passport was green. it was my first one and i didn't know that most americans have a blue one. i was "lucky" and got the green one during a very small window when they issued ben franklin commemorative passports. it's actually thanks to benjamin franklin that we all have passports at all, as it was his idea. the unusual green passport caused me no end of grief when i was traveling a lot in the balkans in the late 90s. border guards constantly questioned its authenticity and one guard at the turkish-greek border actually said, "green passport, very bad, very bad," and made a slicing motion across his neck. i was quite alarmed, but the conversation stopped there as that was apparently the extent of his english and my turkish was nonexistent. i've survived to tell the tale, so i guess it wasn't really very bad. and i never did ever meet anyone else with a green one. as an american, you get stamped everywhere you go and you often need visas. the first passport filled up because the macedonian visa took a whole page every time and i had to have a new one if i popped down to thessaloniki for a weekend or up to belgrade for a coffee. it was early days after macedonia found themselves, rather to their surprise, with their own country, and it took them awhile to realize they could issue multiple-entry visas. i eventually got one of those, but not before they had used up ten pages of my passport. a number of countries - china and india come to mind - think nothing of taking up an entire page of your passport for the visa. and the visas are elaborately colorful and often feature shiny holograms. i guess they want you to feel you got your money's worth. on the bright side, they're usually good for a least six months, so you don't need a new one should you be sent those places again. &nbsp;i did use up two whole pages on indian visas, as i had to go there frequently enough that one expired and i needed another. (audible sigh.) the bulk of my travel occurred during the bush administration and i clearly remember standing in lines at passport control, concealing my passport, as i felt a little sheepish about being american during those years. i happened to be in the philippines when obama was elected and i very clearly remember the sense of relief (tho' bush was still president) when i realized that i no longer had to hide my passport while i stood in line. on that occasion, people in line saw it and several actually smiled and gave me a thumbs up. with the incomprehensible debacle of health care reform (who would seriously not want to limit the influence of insurance companies on their personal health?) going on in the US right now, i'm not sure i wouldn't actually begin to conceal my passport again if i were queuing today. many of the pages are covered in stamps that say "k?benhavn" because i get stamped every time i come back into the country if it's not from scandinavia or the schengen countries. it tapered off because eventually, i knew all of the guys at passport control and convinced them to not to stamp me every time. i've loved the travel opportunities i've had through my various jobs. the job i'm starting in april will not have so many travel opportunities, but i've been thinking about it and i'm really ok with that. looking at all of these stamps exhausts me a little bit. when i see the dates for the convoluted trip i took from copenhagen to singapore to heathrow to gatwick to budapest to constanza and back to copenhagen in one crazy week, it makes me tired. i hope companies today are using the possibilities afforded by electronic meeting software, rather than sending someone to give a 30 minute presentation in singapore on monday and the same one in romania on wednesday. i remember thinking it was all very exciting at the time (tho' having to switch from heathrow to gatwick was madness and an example of how bad the travel agent was). but today, i wouldn't even want to do it. and i would probably have the good sense to say no, but in those days (sounds like long ago, but it's not even three years ago), i actually quite liked it and of course, felt i had to do all of the things that were asked of me. these stamps document for me how far i've come not just literally, but metaphorically as well. i think i've learned to say no to such madness today. and i hope that one good thing to come out of economic crisis is that employees aren't asked to do trips like that these days, because companies think twice before spending 40,000 ($7,300) kroner on such a ticket. i'm going to lose my gold status on both SAS and KLM here in the next couple of months. and tho' there was a time, not so long ago, when that would have panicked me, i'm resting quite easily in the knowledge. the world is changing and times are changing and it's no longer environmentally defensible to pop over to london for lunch or take a private plane back from newcastle like we did in the mid-noughties. i loved those times and am grateful for all the places i've been, but i'm quite ready to stay a bit closer to home for awhile. and besides, taking the train down through europe is quite romantic. ~ i miss being in an academic environment. i miss the thrill of reading a really dense sentence and pulling meaning out of it that applies the world around me. i think it's why i used quotes from susan sontag's on photography on my 365 project photos during february . ~ husband looks like an entirely new person in his new glasses (must photograph him soon). but is it the glasses or his new job or our impending move giving him that glow? maybe it's all of it. ~ i learned that our new little samsung U10 HD flashcam can't really handle filming in the dimly-lit riding hall. ~ note: the flashcam doesn't violate the "not buying things in 2010" because i actually bought it back in december, but my sister only just sent it last week. ~ cleaning out the attic is like visiting a flea market and finding all kinds of treasures, only without spending any money. who knew we had all this cool stuff? ~ if you trip over a sweet little brass deer in the yard at a house you're contemplating, it's a sign, right? and if you accidentally take that little deer with you, it's not really stealing, right? since it was abandoned out in the yard at a house that stands empty? ~ one drawback of sunshine: it exposes just how much your windows need cleaning. ~ stieg larsson is sweden's answer to dan brown. only we won't be subjected to more of his hack writing since he died. but i'll admit that i like the characters of mikael blomqvist and lisbeth salander, so i (re)read on. sometimes, you just have to read trash. but arthur koestler's the ghost in the machine is next on my nightstand, so i shall redeem myself. ~ every day after husband and sabin leave, i think that i'll go back to bed, but i never do. and soon, i won't be able to, since i'll be headed off for work in an actual office myself. ~ sometimes i wonder if others can hear that ringing in my ears. ~ i packed marxism and theology books in the same box this weekend and wondered aloud if i would be going to hell for that (tho' thankfully i cannot, since i don't believe in hell and it's like santa claus, if you don't believe it in, it doesn't believe in you (thanks gwen )). husband's response: "god is more of a marxist than you think." and the more we discussed it, the more i think he's right, there is something of the new testament over the communist manifesto . i wish i'd written my dissertation on that. of course, i still could, since i haven't actually written it. yet. ~ i tucked all those little end bits of yarn into my scarf last night while watching hercule poirot (who is so gay, by the way, not that there's anything wrong with that). it was much easier than i thought it would be. now i hope i can figure out how to join the ends together when the time comes to do that. ~ i really wish i was on my way to the bookstore with trinsch &nbsp;this morning. she's going to browse books on new media and then she gets to write about it. i'm so envious. it leaves me positively longing for academia. ~ i do love these little random thought downloads, they just completely clear my head and leave me feeling ready to face the week. pondering happiness quite a lot in the face of the excitement of moving to the other side of the country (which admittedly is like moving from one side of wisconsin to the other and not as big as it might sound). husband is like a little kid anticipating christmas. he actually fell asleep last night with a smile on his face. he's covering reams of paper with sketches of the possibilities for renovations. we're now betting on two horses, as it were, and have given an offer on a second place, since the dog sled transport to northern canada is apparently unreliable, or else the laid back realtor hasn't actually sent a dog sled or any thing else, as we've heard nothing regarding our first offer. not being ones to wait around, husband has now talked himself (and thereby both of us) into the second place being better anyway. and he's right, there are more possibilities for ripping out everything that's there and putting it back in as we would want it. now betting on this one as well. what's cool is that there's a lake on the property. and although the first thing it needs is a new roof, that does afford opportunities not afforded by the other place, which recently had a new roof, although the engineering calculations surrounding that new roof are openly suspect in several places. so i think husband is right, the second property is better for us anyway. but my point actually is that even just talking about all of this is making us so happy. leading me to think about what happiness is. it's an eternal question, isn't it? and we're eternally in search of happiness, tho' i'm not sure we always recognize it when we see it. for me, it's something different than contentment. contentment is a mild, tame form of happiness. a resting, easy thing. whereas, what i think makes us happy, makes us really tick, is having some enormous, seemingly impossible, daunting project on the horizon. i can definitely see that in husband. he's transformed and positively beaming at the prospect of this project. of course, it's also his new job that's transformed him - he was more than a little bored and frustrated at work and just going through the motions. he's looking forward to his new job, but even more, to the new house and all of the possibilities it represents. these projects also remind me of our strengths - i can see things in my mind and he can build them. i pick colors, he paints them. in other words, i get all the fun and he does all the work. i guess i'll probably spend another summer with no kitchen, cooking on an old stove out in the yard and eating lots of salads. maybe it'll be time to try that raw diet i've long wanted to try. perhaps it will clear my mind so that i'll make good choices on all of those colors that we'll need on the walls in the new house. whichever one it ends up being. at least the waiting paralysis of last week seems to have passed and an excited, expectant happiness has stepped in to replace it. and that makes me very happy. what made you happy this weekend? march 7 march 9 march 11 march 13 i'm especially pleased with that row of yellow. it's some yarn i bought last summer at the viking fair in roskilde. it's hand-dyed with natural plant dyes - gyldenris as it's called in danish (not sure what that is in english). &nbsp;the colors are slightly less vibrant than this in real life. i've got the saturation dialed up a notch (or two) in my camera at the moment. i should have bought the entire basket of this yarn dyed with natural plant dyes - - - &nbsp;a big congratulations to molly , my very first follower, and long lost sister in south africa.&nbsp; she just had a beautiful baby girl. latte and a fabulous norwegian cinnamon bun for stephanie of concerning: pancakes . i'm back again already with another blog crush. i told you i had more of them brewing. this time, i'm utterly charmed by stephanie's blog, c oncerning: pancakes . you may remember her from my tagging her recently for 7 random things . and while i'm hoping she doesn't actually drink bud light with her peanut m&amp;m's, i very much enjoyed her list. stephanie first came to my attention because she has also decided to spend less in 2010 (tho' i do believe she's taking a bit of a break at the moment, kinda like i did with the infamous orange coat incident). but thanks to the LinkWithin widget (love it now that they improved the code and hence the speed), i also found out that she's got a TLR camera &nbsp;and likes to play with TtV photography. her cat, chairman meow , has a clever name and is cute as can be. she often blogs about cooking , which is always a plus in my book. i'm off to make her german pancakes now, since the pooka is home and feeling poorly. please do go check her out. around midmorning, right as i was putting the finishing touches on my to-do list, i got a monster headache. i blame the chocolate on toast that husband made me for breakfast. too much sugar, especially in the morning, will bring on a headache every time. it resisted all ibuprofen and the gallons of water i drank, so i finally took a nap. i couldn't even read, because it hurt too much to focus my eyes (there's that focus thing again). when sabin came home, i decided to hang out and watch project runway with her, despite the headache. while we watched the amusing catfighting and recriminations, &nbsp;i worked a bit on my knitting. and that's when i saw this little giraffe herd go by...do you think headaches can make you hallucinate? some snow melted, but not all. and hoarfrost on the trees. hurry up spring! we've been waiting and waiting all week. and we've realized that waiting bites. and instead of being productive and getting things done, the waiting paralyzes you and you stare into space and can't think straight and your arm falls asleep while you're knitting (is that supposed to happen?). you wander listlessly around the house, thinking about how much packing there is to do, but it doesn't really result in you actually doing any of it. Your mind wanders off to that dog sled that should have reached that guy you want to buy the house from wherever he is in the northern reaches of canada. you talked to the realtor yesterday, but he was as laid back as his accent and not at all worried that the guy hadn't answered yet. you asked in a slightly hysterical voice if they had in fact really sent a dog sled. he pretends he knows what you're talking about and laughs. it seems that your new job will start a whole lot sooner than you thought, which is both good and bad. because you haven't used your time all that wisely and now suddenly you won't have any. but on the other hand, it will undoubtedly be good for you to dress in normal clothes, fix your hair and put on makeup and go out among people on a daily basis. your photo-a-day project may suffer and focus rather too frequently on the wind turbine just outside your new office window. but time will tell. time will tell on all of it and time takes its sweet time. so strange how it can both crawl at a snail's pace and race by in the same instant. but time is mysterious that way. and life is full of contradictions.  Fifteen years ago, I was on my way to the Austin airport to catch a flight to New York City when the friend I¡¯d be staying with called and said that we¡¯d be attending a dance performance that evening in the East Village. Admission was free, she said, but the organizers requested a donation of two canned goods for a food pantry. So before walking out the door, I grabbed a couple of Ranch Style Beans as my offering. Ranch Style Beans are a Texan staple and they¡¯ve been satisfying people since 1872 with their take on classic chuck-wagon fare. It¡¯s a distinctive flavor¡ªthe beans aren¡¯t fiery but they do have a depth and brightness that can be very addictive. When I lived in Texas, we ate them often¡ªeither topped with cheese and rice, as a base to bean salad, alongside enchiladas or even in my mom¡¯s King Ranch casserole . But beyond the deliciousness and versatility of Ranch Style Beans, there¡¯s the appeal of that iconic black can with its distinctive Western-style font and illustration of a man with his tongue sticking out stating the beans are Appetite Pleasin¡¯. (Of course, the latter is a recent development for if you¡¯re as old as I am, you remember when the beans were Husband Pleasin¡¯.) I love that can and I¡¯ve read that if Andy Warhol had been a Texan he would have painted Ranch Style Beans cans instead of Campbell¡¯s Soup cans. I believe it. In the 15 years since I¡¯ve moved to New York City, I¡¯ve seen this city become more hospitable to fellow homesick Texans. We now have a Texan-style barbecue joint selling Kreuz sausages and excellent brisket; you can find Ro-Tel tomatoes at several grocery stores; dried and canned chiles are a common staple; and Austin-based Whole Foods is now here selling decent brands of tortillas, chips and salsas. But despite the advances this city¡¯s made, there¡¯s still one thing missing: my beloved Ranch Style Beans. To help with the drought, every time I go home I load up on a few cans. And my mom has even been known to put them in my Christmas stocking, which is always a very welcome gift. But when I recently came to my last can with no trip home in my immediate future, I realized that I should just figure out how to make these beans on my own. The recipe is a closely guarded secret, so I was flummoxed on what to do. And then I read one fan¡¯s observation that Ranch Style Beans are simply pintos swimming in a chili gravy. At last, it all made sense! I decided I¡¯d cook a pot of pintos in a chili gravy and see what happened. When making my chile gravy, I used the ingredient list on the back of my remaining can as my guide. Sure, there were some vague terms, such as ¡°spices¡± and ¡°natural flavor,¡± but the basic building blocks were in the open: tomatoes, chile peppers, paprika, vinager and beef fat. And of course, pinto beans. Even though the can didn¡¯t specify what type of chile, I went with anchos as they¡¯re the base of your common chili powder. I rehydrated the anchos and then blended them with some tomatoes, vinegar, cumin and paprika. And instead of beef fat, I opted to use beef broth instead. While the beans cooked, the house smelled gorgeous and the broth tasted right. But it wasn¡¯t until after a few hours when I ladled out a bowl that I realized that this bowl of beans far exceeded my expectations. I threw in some sour cream, warmed up a flour tortilla and had a most satisfying meal. And even though it¡¯s been 15 years since I gave away those beans, I¡¯ve often wondered if the New Yorker who ended up with them enjoyed them. I hope that they did. Ranch style beans Ingredients: 16 oz. of dried pinto beans 6 ancho chiles, stems and seeds removed 6 cloves of garlic, minced 1 onion, diced 1 15 oz. can of tomatoes (or 2 medium-sized tomatoes, peeled) 1 teaspoon brown sugar 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar 1 teaspoon paprika 1 teaspoon cumin 1/2 teaspoon oregano 1 cup of water 6 cups of beef broth Salt and black pepper to taste Method: Soak the beans covered in water¡ªeither overnight or the quick soak method in which you place the beans in a pot, cover with water, bring to a boil, cover and remove from heat and let sit for one hour. Drain the soaked beans. In a cast-iron skillet heated up to medium high, cook the anchos on each side for a couple of minutes (or until they start to bubble and pop), turn off the heat and fill the skillet with warm water. Let them sit until soft and rehydrated, which should happen after half an hour or so. In the pot you¡¯ll be cooking your beans, heat up a teaspoon of canola oil and cook the onions for ten minutes on medium. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Throw the cooked onions and garlic in a blender and add the tomatoes, brown sugar, apple cider vinegar, paprika, cumin, oregano, water and hydrated ancho chiles. Puree until smooth. Add the pinto beans and beef broth to the pot and stir in the chile puree. On high, bring the pot to a boil and then cover; turn the heat down to low and simmer for two and a half hours, stirring occasionally. At this point, I check my beans for tenderness as depending on the freshness of the beans I find that the cooking time can be as short as two and a half hours and as long as four hours. When you're satisfied that the beans are done, salt and pepper to taste. Feeds four to six. Notes: If you can¡¯t find dried ancho chiles, you can substitute either ancho chile powder or regular chili powder. I¡¯d use 1/4 of a cup. These are not fiery beans, but if you want a bit more heat I'd throw in a bit of Cayenne. And I always add a pinch of baking soda to my soaking beans to help with digestion issues. You may do the same. ----------------- Are you on Facebook? A reader recommended I set up a Homesick Texan fan page, so I did. Please stop by and feel free to share links, upload photos or just say howdy! Homesick Texan fan page If you were in Houston in the 1980¡¯s, it was hard to escape the ubiquitous tacos al carbon. Ninfa Laurenzo¡ªof the eponymous Ninfa¡¯s¡ªmade them her signature dish and as with her green sauce , many Houston Mexican restaurants soon added these tacos to their menus as well. Tacos al carbon became a defining characteristic of Houston Tex-Mex But what exactly are tacos al carbon? The term al carbon is the Spanish phrase for cooking over coal, so you should expect grilled meats inside a tortilla. If you have tacos al carbon in Mexico, you will indeed find a variety of meats wrapped in either corn or flour tortillas depending on where you are geographically. But in Texas tacos al carbon came to mean one thing: cuts of grilled beef, nestled in a fluffy flour tortilla . But wait, isn¡¯t that a fajita? Now this is where it gets confusing. So what's the difference between fajitas and tacos al carbon? As I understand it, very little. Fajitas, which translates to little belts, are traditionally made with the tough diaphragm cut of beef known as skirt steak, which is a long and narrow, much like a belt. The meat is often marinated and then grilled or griddled, and it¡¯s served with a prescribed array of condiments such as guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream and a stack of flour tortillas, all used to roll your own tacos. And yes, you can make fajitas, the dish, out of shrimp or chicken, but since the word itself refers to the cut of beef, technically it should be called something else. Tacos al carbon, however, can be made with any type of meat, not just the traditional skirt steak. And unlike fajitas, the tacos are already made instead of being a do-it-yourself affair. I think this is the main difference, but even for me it¡¯s a bit of a semantic stretch. Small differences aside, I still prefer tacos al carbon to fajitas. Sure, fajitas are a quite the spectacle, but sometimes you crave a more refined presentation. (Or perhaps I prefer tacos al carbon because I burned myself on the sizzling fajita skillet one too many times!) But no matter how you serve it, it¡¯s hard to resist a fresh flour tortilla wrapped around succulent beef so flavorful you can eat the two together unadorned. I live in a small apartment without any outdoor space so there¡¯s no cooking over coal for me. But if I get my cast-iron skillet hot enough and then slide my steak under the broiler, I get a nice charred crust that¡¯s almost as good as what I could get on a grill. So yes, technically these aren¡¯t true tacos al carbon (they're more like tacos a la plancha, which means tacos of the griddle). But I don¡¯t mind because after one bite I¡¯m back in that little restaurant on Navigation where the beef is juicy, the tortillas are soft and the green sauce is plentiful. Tacos al carbon, small-apartment style Ingredients: 2 pounds skirt steak Juice of 4 limes (about 1/2 cup) 4 cloves of garlic 1/4 cup cilantro 1 jalapeno 1 teaspoon cumin 1 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon black pepper 1 teaspoon of canola oil or nonstick cooking spray Four green onions (optional) Method: To make the marinade, in a blender mix all the ingredients except for the skirt steak, canola oil and green onions. Pour over skirt steak and let it marinate for 2 to 8 hours in the refrigerator. Before cooking, rinse off the marinade and let the steak come to room temperature. Heat on high for 10 minutes a large cast-iron skillet or grill pan (you may have to cut the steak in half to fit). Also, turn on the broiler in your oven. When the skillet is hot (to test I throw in a drop of water and it should immediately evaporate), grease your pan with either the oil or nonstick cooking spray and add your steak. Cook on one side for two minutes then turn and cook on the other side for two minutes. After it¡¯s cooked on both sides, place the green onions in the skillet with the steak still in it and place the skillet under the broiler for two minutes. Remove steak from pan and let it rest for 10 minutes. If onions aren¡¯t charred enough, slide the skillet back under the broiler. After meat has rested, slice the meat against the grain and roll in fluffy, flour tortillas with green onions on the side. Serves 4-6. Notes: I don¡¯t have a grill or outdoor space, so I don¡¯t know as much as I¡¯d like to about the subject, but to cook the steaks truly al carbon, I¡¯ve been told five minutes per side should do the trick. --------- Homesick Texan has been nominated for best regional food blog in Savuer¡¯s First Annual Best Food Blog Awards. I¡¯m pleased as punch about this nod as it just confirms what we¡¯ve all known for a long time: Texas food is wonderful! Please be sure and check out all the excellent blogs nominated--it's quite a round up! And if you¡¯re so inclined I¡¯d love your vote, which you can place right here . Thank you! I¡¯m roasting chiles and frying up bacon. What am I making, you might ask? What everybody wants to eat after being ill for a few days: chipotle macaroni and cheese. With bacon, of course. OK, so this might seem a bit heavy for a re-entry into the land of the normal eating, but let me tell you¡ªI¡¯m hungry! And while the best thing I can say about not feeling well is that your skinny jeans are suddenly a viable option in your wardrobe, in the end I¡¯d rather be well than ill. Though who wouldn¡¯t? But let¡¯s talk about chipotle macaroni and cheese, shall we? My family, much like yours I reckon, has always made homemade macaroni and cheese. Sure, we¡¯d have the box stuff on hand for after-school snacks or donations to the church food pantry, but in my house the real, homemade stuff was what was preferred. Mom makes her macaroni and cheese in a variety of ways, but my favorite is a casserole of pasta suspended in a luscious sauce comprised of egg yolks, cheese and heavy cream. And just when you think it couldn¡¯t be any more extravagant, she throws in diced, thick ham and tops it off with buttery breadcrumbs. Yes, this is an excellent dish, but because of its richness I only advise serving it on special occasions. When it comes to a more everyday, simple macaroni and cheese, I turn to a method I learned in the New York Times. This recipe requires little effort besides pouring cottage cheese blended with milk over dry pasta, tossing in some shredded cheese and baking it for an hour. No endless stirring a sauce or boiling a batch of pasta, which makes it a cinch to make. The Times version kept it plain, but I¡¯ve made it my own by adding chipotle and garlic. And I top it with bacon and cotija, which adds contrast to the oozing cheese and soft pasta. I realize that my macaroni and cheese may appear decadent as decadent as my monm's, but feel free to convince yourself that it¡¯s a touch more healthy due to the cottage cheese and all. I do. But you know what? We¡¯re nearing the end of a long, cold winter and sometimes you just need to pamper yourself. And for me, comfort comes clothed in chipotle chiles, cheese and bacon. Chipotle macaroni and cheese with bacon (adapted from the NY Times) Ingredients: 2 cups of dry elbow pasta 2 cups of milk 1 cup of cottage cheese 1 chipotle chile in adobo 1 teaspoon mustard powder 1 clove of garlic, roughly chopped Pinch of cumin Salt and black pepper to taste 3 cups of shredded cheese, a mix of cheddar and Monterey Jack 1/4 cup of crumbled cotija cheese (optional, but delicious!) 4 pieces of cooked bacon, chopped 1 tablespoon of butter Method: Heat the oven to 375 degrees. Grease a 9-inch cast-iron skillet or a 9-inch square or round baking pan with the butter. Add the dry pasta. In a blender, mix together the milk, cottage cheese, chipotle chile, mustard powder, garlic, cumin, salt and black pepper until it¡¯s smooth. Pour mixture over dry pasta and stir until sauce is evenly distributed. Stir in two cups of the shredded cheese, cover the pan with foil and bake for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, remove the foil and stir the macaroni and cheese a couple of times. Top with the remaining 1 cup of shredded cheese and chopped bacon and cook for another 25 minutes uncovered or until brown and bubbling. Remove from oven, sprinkle with cotija and serve. Note: If you¡¯re not familiar with cotija cheese, it¡¯s a Mexican hard cheese that¡¯s like a cross between feta and parmesan. It¡¯s become increasingly more common, so you can find it at many regular grocery stores and Hispanic markets. And if you live in New York City, I found at Mexicana Bakery in Jackson Heights at 86-06 Roosevelt a wonderful cotija coated in dried chiles. Also, chipotle bacon jam might go dandy with this as well! The day before Ash Wednesday? Yep, I¡¯m a pancake eater. I grew up in an Episcopalian family and that¡¯s how we rolled¡ªin warm griddlecakes and cold glasses of milk. And even though most of my friends prepare for Lent in a more colorful style, old traditions are hard to shake and I still enjoy a tall stack of pancakes on Shrove Tuesday. Pancakes might not be shiny beads, feathered costumes, fevered dancing or boisterous singing, but they don¡¯t have to be completely boring. I¡¯ve been known to serve gingerbread pancakes , buttermilk pancakes, banana nut pancakes and chocolate chip pancakes. But to truly get in the frenzied spirit on the eve of Lent, Uncle Austin¡¯s coconut pancakes (more colorfully known as Uncle Austin's Mexican pancakes) are a definite must. When I was young, Austin would make these pancakes for us on special occasions. Their main attraction was their size¡ªhe¡¯d make one pancake the entire width of a 10-inch pan. And you didn¡¯t even have to share this big baby¡ªno way¡ªthis over-sized coconut pancake was all for you! But incredible heft aside, Austin¡¯s Mexican pancakes were sweet with fresh coconut, and some family members allege that there was chocolate and nuts in them as well. I asked Austin for his recipe, but he said that not only had he not made these in 30 years, but also that he never really had one. Instead, he just took my grandpa¡¯s basic pancake recipe and dolled it up a bit with the shredded coconut, chunks of brown sugar and extra pats of butter. Curious why they were known as Mexican pancakes, he admitted that there was nothing authentically Mexican about them, but it was very, very important to be listening to Tejano music, preferably loud, while making them. He stressed, however that the main excitement was in the flipping of the 10-inch pancake¡ªthe messier the better! If you¡¯re celebrating pancake Tuesday, why not try Uncle Austin¡¯s Mexican coconut pancakes¡ªthey¡¯re far more adventurous than your usual buttermilk pancakes. And with the Tejano thumping and the pancake batter flying, it may be the most thrilling pancake supper you¡¯ve ever had! What's your favorite pancake recipe? Coconut pancakes (Uncle Austin¡¯s Mexican pancakes) Ingredients: 1 egg 1 1/2 cups of milk 2 cups of flour 1 tablespoon of whole-wheat flour 1 tablespoon of fresh baking powder 1/2 tsp salt 1/4 cup brown sugar 1/2 cup fresh shredded coconut Juice from one lime (about 2 tablespoons) plus 1/2 teaspoon of lime zest 1/4 teaspoon of cinnamon 4 tablespoons of melted butter Method: Beat together the egg and the milk. Stir in the rest of the ingredients and mix until smooth. If too thick, add more milk For regular-sized pancakes, pour 1/4 cup of batter onto greased skillet heated at medium low. For Austin-sized pancakes, pour about 1 1/2 cups to 2 cups of batter into pan. Cook for a few minutes on one side, until edges are brown and bubbles form in batter. Flip and cook on other side a couple more minutes. Makes about 12 small pancakes or 3 extra-large pancakes. Note: Chopped pecans and chocolate chips are an excellent addition if you like. Austin recommends serving them with pineapple and I agree. I also top my pancakes with yogurt, but honey or syrup would be dandy as well. And Austin didn¡¯t add limejuice or cinnamon in his original recipe¡ªthat was my doing. When I was invited to a party where Southern pork dishes were being celebrated, the decision on what to bring was a no-brainer: Mexican chocolate pralines. Now before you call my contribution a little odd, let me explain myself. My first (and more obvious) choice was to make cookies with lard. I didn¡¯t have any lard on hand, however, so I went to the Union Square farmers¡¯ market to pick up a tub. But a snowstorm had threatened to blanket the city and my preferred lard vendor wasn¡¯t there; clearly, I had to come up with another plan. I¡¯ve been spending lots of time lately reading old cookbooks. I¡¯m curious to see what our ancestors ate and to see when certain dishes may have come into the common culinary vernacular. When looking for inspiration, I recalled that I had recently come across an old Mexican-candy recipe that called for piloncillo (or brown sugar) to be cooked with water and a strip of raw bacon. Now, I know bacon in a dessert is a trendy thing these days, but I was intrigued to see it listed in a 100-year-old recipe. And while I didn¡¯t have lard to make cookies, bacon was easily attainable. In another cookbook, I had seen a recipe for Mexican-chocolate pralines. So for the pork-themed feast, I decided to combine the two thoughts and make Mexican-chocolate pralines with bacon. Making a first-time dish to share at a large gathering is always brave if not foolish. And while the flavor of these pralines was pleasing, the texture was too delicate. So instead of patties thick with pecans and bacon, I had broken chips and shards instead. My pralines looked sad. Plus you couldn¡¯t even really taste the bacon! But I was out of time and couldn¡¯t show up empty handed so I threw the pieces into a tin and headed to the party. I suppose my offering these praline pieces was the equivalent of a student who shows a failed project to a teacher to prove that she has at least tried to complete the assignment. I gave myself about a C for effort. But then a strange thing happened. While at the party, I witnessed people eating the Mexican-chocolate praline pieces. And they were smiling! With pleasure! So, with a little work I knew I could make the Mexican chocolate pralines into something special. Buoyed by my friends¡¯ comments, the next day I attempted to make these pralines again. I threw out the bacon (even though it had been the primary impetus to make these in the first place), added more nuts, let the candy cook longer and threw in some orange zest for a hint of brightness. And after an hour of letting the pralines harden, I had a long sheet of parchment paper lined with a fine batch of Mexican chocolate pralines. If you¡¯re looking for Valentine¡¯s inspiration, these take little time and effort to make but are very impressive (even when they¡¯re not entirely perfect). But you don¡¯t need a special occasion to eat them, as they¡¯re a simple pleasure that can be enjoyed at any time. Mexican chocolate pralines (adapted from Aprovecho ) Ingredients: 1 disc of Mexican hot chocolate, such as Ibarra 2 oz. of unsweetened baking chocolate 2 cups of pecans, 1 cup chopped and 1 cup whole 1 1/2 cups of sugar 3/4 cup of brown sugar 1/2 cup of milk 6 tablespoons of butter 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon 2 teaspoons fresh orange zest or 1 teaspoon dried orange zest 1/4 teaspoon Cayenne pepper 1/4 teaspoon sea salt 1 teaspoon vanilla extract Tools needed: Candy thermometer Parchment paper Method: In an oven set at 350 degrees, roast the pecans for 10 minutes. In a large pot, melt together on medium heat the chocolates, sugars, pecans, milk, butter, cinnamon, orange zest, Cayenne and sea salt, stirring occasionally. Place a candy thermometer in the pot to monitor the heat. When it reaches 235 degrees, remove from fire and add the vanilla and stir the pot for two minutes. There should be a bit of shine to the candy but the candy will be a bit more thick. Scoop pralines onto parchment paper. (If it¡¯s too stiff, add warm water to mixture.) Let cool for an hour and remove. They will still be a bit shiny but will lose that shine after a few hours. No matter, they're still delicious! Depending on how large your scoops may be, this makes about 20 pralines. They will keep for five days. Note: If you want to add bacon to these, I¡¯d fry up four slices, crumble them and stir into praline when you add the vanilla. Growing up in Houston, I¡¯m no stranger to chicken and sausage gumbo. The city¡¯s close proximity to Louisiana¡¯s Cajun country insured that I knew plenty of kids with family names such as Boudreaux, Guidry or Hebert, whose parents often had a big pot of the chunky soup simmering on the stove. After an afternoon of riding bikes, you could walk into one of these kitchens, grab a bowl and ladle a portion thick with smoky, succulent meats over a pile of rice. Gumbo is good and during the cold months it was almost as prevalent as chili in my part of town. With the New Orleans Saints going to the Super Bowl for the first time, the decision about what to make on the big day is simple. Sure, quarterback Drew Brees may be a Texan but my Super Bowl plan is to cook a big pot of chicken and sausage gumbo. And while I¡¯ve long been a gumbo eater for some reason, however, I¡¯ve never been much of a gumbo maker. So when I needed advice, I turned to Ken Wheaton. Ken Wheaton, who lives in Brooklyn but hails from Opelousas, Louisiana, is famous in certain New York City circles for his gumbo. So much that when his editor caught wind of his prowess, he insisted that Ken include his recipe in his excellent new novel, The First Annual Grand Prairie Rabbit Festival . Ken¡¯s novel isn¡¯t a food novel, per se. Nope, it¡¯s a story about a confused Catholic priest struggling with his faith and vows. And while that may seem like a heavy topic, in Ken¡¯s hands it¡¯s a humorous, heartfelt story that will make you laugh and might even make you cry. But it will also make you hungry for both Cajun food and culture as Ken deftly captures small-town Louisiana life in all its church-going, Zydeco-dancing and gumbo-making glory. And yes, please note that there¡¯s also lots of swearing, drinking and rabbit-stew eating¡ªit¡¯s not a book for the easily offended. I won¡¯t get into plot particulars, nor will I delve into any other English-major mumbo jumbo that I probably knew at one point but have long since forgotten. But do know this: Ken is an expert storyteller who has an amazing gift of creating a sense of place. And if you¡¯ve been aching to spend some time in Cajun country with some colorful characters, his book will tide you over until you can enjoy the real thing. Of course, you can also satisfy your hunger by making a batch of gumbo. Because I like to tinker, I messed with Ken¡¯s method just a bit, but I followed his key rules to not add tomatoes, mushrooms or carrots. And while the word gumbo stems from the Bantu term for okra, kingombo , I didn¡¯t add that as well even though it¡¯s quite common to include it for both flavor and its thickening power. If you¡¯ve ever been intimidated by making gumbo, as I was, don¡¯t be. The hardest part is making the roux (which I now do in the oven so it¡¯s a snap) and waiting for the soup to be ready. And when you tuck into your bowl filled with a rich broth, smoky sausage and tender chicken, you¡¯ll be happy that you made a batch. Your friends and family will thank you, too. But enough about me, what are y'all making for the Super Bowl? Chicken and sausage gumbo (adapted from Ken Wheaton) Ingredients: 1 four-pound chicken, cut into parts 2 pounds of andouille sausage, sliced 2 onions, 1 diced and 1 cut into quarters 10 cloves of garlic, 5 minced and 5 whole 4 ribs of celery, 3 diced and 1 cut into quarters 2 bell peppers, diced 4 bay leaves 2 sprigs of fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dry 1 bunch of green onions, green part diced 1 cup of canola oil plus a tablespoon 1 cup of flour 1 tablespoon of Worcestershire sauce 1 teaspoon of fil¨¦ powder plus more for serving Salt, Cayenne and black pepper to taste Method: To make your roux, in a large cast iron skillet, mix together the flour and the canola oil. Place in an oven set at 350 degrees, walk away and let it cook for two hours. No hovering, no stirring, no nothing! After a couple of hours, take it out of the oven and it should be chocolate brown. Now, you can also do it the standing over the stove method if you prefer, but I don¡¯t. While the roux is cooking, make your chicken and broth. First, season your chicken parts generously with salt, black pepper and Cayenne. Place the chicken parts in a large pot with the quartered onions, whole garlic, quartered celery, 2 bay leaves and 8 quarts of water. Bring to a boil and then simmer for an hour and a half, skimming any foam that rises to the surface. Take the chicken out of the pot and when it¡¯s cool, remove the fat and pick the meat off the bones and cut into pieces. (Be sure and save the bones for another round of stock making.) When the broth is cool, strain and throw out the vegetables. Remove the fat with a gravy separator or by the plastic bag method. To do the latter, you¡¯ll pour the broth into a quart-sized plastic storage bag and once you see the fat rise to the top, snip off a bottom corner and drain it until you reach the fat layer. Do this in batches. You should have about 8 quarts. Clean your pot (or get another big one if you¡¯re blessed with a large, well-stocked kitchen) and in the bottom of it heat up 1 tablespoon of canola oil. Add the diced onions and let them cook for 10 minutes. Add the chopped celery and bell pepper, cook for five minutes, stirring occasionally. Throw in the minced garlic and cook for a minute. Now stir in the roux and cook it with the vegetables for five minutes, stirring every so often. Add the chicken meat and half of the sliced sausage and cook for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. If things start to get sticky, pour in some water or wine. Now, slowly whisk in your strained chicken broth to the roux, vegetable, meat mixture. Throw in two more bay leaves, thyne and the Worcestershire, bring to a boil and then simmer for an hour. At this time add the remaining sausage and cook for another hour. Fifteen minutes before it¡¯s done, add the minced green onions and fil¨¦ powder and check to see if it needs salt, black and Cayenne pepper. Remove bay leaves and serve over cooked rice with file powder for people to add to their bowls. Notes: This is a soupy gumbo. If you like it thicker, use less liquid and/or cook it for a lot longer than stated here. Fil¨¦ (pronounced fee-lay) powder is ground sassafras leaves and a dash of it will also help thicken it. If you¡¯re feeling wild, replace the canola oil with bacon grease. Ken also adds tasso (a Cajun ham) to his chicken and sausage gumbo, but I couldn¡¯t find that here in NYC. If you¡¯re in that predicament, however, Ken suggests ordering your sausage and tasso from his hometown butcher, Kelly's Country Meat Block & Diner (Toll free 1-866-948-MEAT). He says, "I usually order pure pork sausage, but lots of people are fans of the half&amp;half (beef and pork). The andouille is killer. The tasso is awesome. They also have rabbits, too!" Or he likes to use Bruce Aidell¡¯s andoille sausage, as he believes it has an authentic flavor. He also prefers cooking up only chicken thighs and skipping the whole broth-making step and just adds water to the pot as he lets his pot of gumbo simmer forever. Do this if you prefer. Full disclosure: Ken¡¯s my friend and I¡¯ve been watching him write this novel for many years, so you can take what I say about it with a grain of salt. That said please know I would never recommend something unless I loved it and thought y¡¯all might love it, too. A friend and I were comparing notes about our favorite childhood treats. As I was raving about my grandma¡¯s chocolate pie , my friend said, ¡°So how¡¯s your grandma¡¯s chocolate gravy?¡± Huh? Chocolate gravy¡ªis that like mole, I asked. Nope, it¡¯s spooned on biscuits, she said. I had to admit that I¡¯d never heard of chocolate gravy; clearly I¡¯d been deprived. Curious why I had been denied the joys of chocolate gravy all my life, I called my grandma and demanded an explanation. ¡°Why don¡¯t you make chocolate gravy?¡± I asked. She replied, ¡°Because I don¡¯t know what it is.¡± I see. Apparently, my grandma was in the dark on this secret as well. My only consolation? At least I wasn¡¯t alone. So what¡¯s the provenance of chocolate gravy? Because I know everything, I assumed that if I hadn¡¯t heard of it, then it must not be Texan. I was wrong. I poked around and not only had my friend¡ªa long-standing Texan¡ªgrown up eating it within slapping distance of Dallas, but other Texan friends had been eating it all their lives as well. I heard chocolate-gravy stories from friends as far west as Midland and as far south as Houston. Though friends who had grown up in Arkansas, Tennessee and Georgia had also indulged, so it¡¯s not particular to just Texas. But no matter, my family had been missing out on a very good thing. I needed to make up for lost time. A little research revealed that there hadn¡¯t been much chocolate-gravy recipe evolution over the years. The biggest schism I found in the chocolate-gravy community was whether to use milk or water as your liquid. I was surprised that no one had thrown some chipotle or bacon into their gravy, but actually this pleased me as it proved that chocolate gravy was indeed a classic that didn¡¯t need any tinkering. But enough about thinking, it was time to eat. I made my first batch and it was a deep, dark concoction¡ªsmooth, creamy and thick. I sliced a biscuit in half and plopped some chocolate gravy on each half. My first bite revealed this gravy¡¯s pleasures. Its pudding-like consistency is pure comfort on a cold, winter morning. And while biscuits are in no way virtuous, their texture and heft prevents the gravy from sliding into total decadence, which is important as this is a breakfast treat after all, not dessert. Does chocolate gravy and biscuits replace my beloved chocolate pie? No, but I certainly wouldn¡¯t pass up an opportunity to pass an occasional morning with it poured on top of a biscuit. And am I the only one who didn¡¯t grow up eating this? No matter, I am very, very pleased to finally make its acquaintance. Chocolate gravy Ingredients: 3/4 cup of sugar 1/4 cup of flour 1/4 cup of cocoa powder 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon 2 cups of milk 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 tablespoon of butter Method: Mix together in a pot the sugar, flour, cocoa powder, salt and cinnamon (can sift if it¡¯s too lumpy). Add the milk and while stirring cook on medium heat until it thickens. Stir in the vanilla and butter and serve immediately with biscuits . Notes: As you can see in the photos I topped mine with some chopped pecans. If you¡¯re not a purist, I highly recommend this; hazelnuts would be delicious as well. And if you¡¯re feeling extra spicy, go ahead and throw in a pinch of Cayenne or chipotle powder! And this is how fellow-Texan ShawAfter a year and a half off from racing, it was time to think about doing another tri. But since I¡¯m still dealing with some atrophy in my left leg, the idea of doing much running didn¡¯t appeal ? even though I¡¯m a runner. I was just enjoying getting back into a more regular routine of training. I swear I missed my friends and the lifestyle more than the races ? even though the races act as a big giant carrot to motivate me to train. In January, I had an epiphany on the way home from my Master¡¯s Swim workout. ¡®Hey, if I can swim 3,000 yards now, maybe I can swim 2.4 miles by the summer.¡¯ I kept that thought to myself for a couple of weeks. Then I confessed my crazy thought-slash-pipe dream to Sharkbait. And later that week, I asked my trail patrol partner, The Governor, if he thought I could ride my bike 112 miles by the summer. (He knows I¡¯m out of shape and I¡¯ve never done a century in my life.) And since, I can be really insecure sometimes I got three more second opinions. I asked my swim coach, Mary, 734¡¯s Dad, and my rehab therapist, Quinn, if they thought I could go those distances. No one hesitated ? except me. ¡®Should I do it? Should I do it?¡¯ After thinking about it another day, I finally hit the ¡®Submit¡¯ button. Game on. I¡¯m doing the Full Vineman Aquabike on July 31st. It¡¯ll be just like doing an Ironman without the 26-mile run-walk-¡®til-I-drop. It will give me a chance to really work on my triathlon weaknesses. And it will give me time to gain back all that quad muscle strength before I do some serious running and racing again. I¡¯m going long with the goal of getting strong. Last year, I saw an older woman with a walker enter the rehab pool. She had a t-shirt with big letters bedazzled in silver dots that said, ¡°FIERCE.¡± That pretty much described the weather out here in the past couple of weeks. The music in our pilates class was interrupted by a tornado warning issued by the National Weather Service. We were dumbfounded. That doesn¡¯t happen in Southern California. If anything, we get waterspouts offshore. We used levity to hide our concern and joked about taking shelter under the reformer. When I got out to my car, there were two messages from 734¡¯s Dad. And by the time I got home, the phone rang again and this time it was my dad in Boston, sounding a tad agitated because he saw my neighborhood on the news. Turns out the tornado touched down two miles from my place. I had no idea. I downplayed the whole thing and said the news trucks always hang out for the waves and the puddles in January. Ha, I had NO idea a truck and two boats had been flipped nearby. Roofs had been torn off and windows broken. I live near the beach with an ocean view. Watching the waves come in was like watching fireworks. I couldn¡¯t stop gawking at them. And in the middle of the night, if the wind howled a little too much, I ran into the living room ? away from the windows. We had tons of people who came by our pier to assess the damage to the beach and take pictures of the ocean. Pictures that only told half the story. Because the sound that they made, the smell, and the way they shook the shore and the pier was nothing short of FIERCE. After only a half dozen Master¡¯s swimming workouts, I¡¯m starting to notice a few distinct changes. 1. I can swim a lot farther than I thought. Last night my training log calculated 7.59 miles so far this year. (In a perfect world, it would¡¯ve been 7.34, but Coach Mary pushed me to go longer.) 2. I¡¯m learning how to do swim strokes that I¡¯ve never really attempted before because no one ever made me or showed me how to do them. My backstroke isn¡¯t pretty, but I haven¡¯t caused any damage to my training partners yet. 3. I¡¯m cramping so badly during workouts that my body feels possessed after 1,500-2,000 yards. I figure my toes and calves are going through an adaptation phase. Or maybe it should be classified as hazing since this Master¡¯s group feels a bit like a sorority when we¡¯re laughing about our workouts in the locker room. 4. My laundry hamper is piling up a lot faster with big towels. 5. I¡¯m frequently reaching for those Swimmer¡¯s eardrops. 6. I¡¯m positively giddy with endorphins after each workout. 7. My happiness quotient has gone way up. Sharkbait noticed a difference too. Near the end of Wednesday¡¯s workout, she called out to me from a couple of lanes away with a smile and a nod of approval, ¡°You¡¯re gliding!¡± ¡°What?¡± I replied. ¡°You¡¯re gliding!!¡± ¡°Oh,¡± I answered. A compliment on my swimming definitely takes a little while to register. I wondered, ¡®Have I ever glided before? And if so, when?¡¯ There I go overanalyzing things again. Who cares? For one length of the pool, it happened. I had a witness. I¡¯m ending this post with a shout out to some of my favorite bloggers. This week¡¯s Six¡¯s Picks include the new Mr . and Mrs. James Walsh , Running is Funny , TriTawn , Steve in a Speedo?! Gross! (and his lovely wife Pharmie ). Last year, I reluctantly kept track of my workout log. I found myself filling in some of the blanks at the end of ¡¯09 like it was the week before taxes. I pieced things together by asking for copies of my workout log at the gym and scanning my Garmin data. Sadly, most of my swim workouts never got recorded. I know I did a bunch of them with a pull buoy at the local school¡¯s pool. Enter the New Year¡¯s Resolution: be more consistent. That applies to everything from filling out my log on Fitness Journal.com to cleaning out the fridge. And with this resolution comes another (which I¡¯ve been working on for a few months), don¡¯t fret, worry or feel guilty about all the stuff that didn¡¯t get done. I¡¯m trying to focus more on the doing and less on the angst of what I¡¯m not getting done. I know I may slip from time to time on this one, but I¡¯ll keep plugging away at it. I¡¯m happy to report that 2010 is off to a great start. In the first 10 days of the year, I¡¯ve worked out on 7 days doing 7 different activities. And this afternoon, I think I rinsed out 7 old condiment jars and put them in the recycling bin. Seven (aka 734, the cat) will be so proud. Actually, he won¡¯t care as long as I hide 7 treats around the house to keep him occupied. I¡¯m savoring the holidays as much as possible. I know, I know, time to move on to the resolutions. I¡¯m stalling big time. I don¡¯t even want to take my tree down, but I will this afternoon. Suffice it to say, the holidays were just what I needed this year. Perhaps they should add another Christmas in July just to stimulate the economy and raise morale. I don¡¯t think it¡¯s just me. Everyone seems to be in a better mood. I had a great time kicking back with my loved ones, finding gifts, wrapping them and all of that good stuff. And while I had to use more restraint than I would have liked this year, it was the thought that counted ? both on the giving and receiving end. One of my favorite gifts came with this custom tag created by 734¡¯s Dad¡¯s brother Ken . How cool. It was attached to some tempo music, The Gorillaz Demon Days CD. My family, 734¡¯s Dad , and my training partners came through with some awesome gifts to get me in the mood to train. More importantly, they made me feel like an athlete again. Sharkbait gave me some cycling socks with autumn leaves to remind me of home and an assortment of gels and electrolyte drink mixes. TriDiver gave me some Pearl Izumi running gloves and a Triathlete license plate holder. My marathoner sister, Jane, gave me a nice running jacket. Ryan surprised me with a text, ¡°Hey, don¡¯t do anything stupid like renewing your subscription to Triathlete Magazine. Merry Christmas!¡± And 734¡¯s Dad gave me everything on my wish list. Wow, how did he ever know? (That¡¯s right, I hinted big time.) When I opened the Finis Hydro Hip training tool, he said, ¡°Hey, I thought only maxi pads had wings!¡± I know he secretly gets a kick out of seeing all the idiosyncrasies that go along triathlon training. 734¡¯s Dad¡¯s parents gave me a very generous check to pass onto the Challenged Athletes Foundation . They knew I would have liked to do Operation Rebound again last year at Oceanside. I was quite touched by that gesture. And one of my all-time favorite gifts came from Nikki, Sharkbait¡¯s daughter. Since the kid recently went through quite a growth spurt, I received her old TYR split fins. I heard good things about these fins. I¡¯m hoping they really improve my swim. I¡¯m also hoping that osmosis takes affect because this girl can swim 100 yards in 1:15. Yeah, I wanna swim like her! Hmm, okay I just don¡¯t want to be lapped by her. ¡®Cause that wouldn¡¯t be very nice to do to ¡°Mealie Minnow¡± would it? Uh-oh, I think I just signed up for my first swim race. Rumor has it, the kid reads my blog. When I arrived at the pool last night, it was about 45 degrees. If this steam and fog came off a big black caldron, you¡¯d swear it was some sort of witch¡¯s brew. A cold and holiday festivities kept me out of the pool for a couple of weeks. I was excited to get back in there. Coach Mary gave me some instructions for a set, ¡°Okay, I want you to leave on the :40.¡± I suspect I wasn¡¯t quite that punctual, but I really have no idea. I was having a Lucy/Miss Magoo moment out there. I couldn¡¯t see the clock through the fog at the other end of the pool. I couldn¡¯t see how much time elapsed on my lap counter. And I was fumbling with my Polar to get it to stopwatch mode because I couldn¡¯t see the numbers on that either. Rather than draw attention to my inability to see, I just swam as fast as I could and tried not to dawdle too much in between. I swam until I had goose bumps on my goose bumps and my left calf and right toes cramped. Mary still made me do a cool down with a pull buoy. I knew she was right, but it sure didn¡¯t feel like I needed a cool down with the onset of hypothermia. I managed to go 2,050 yards. After a nice hot shower, Sharkbait invited me over to her house for some ham-and-split pea soup. Is there anything better on a cold night? It reminded me of snow days in Massachusetts, when school was cancelled and I could sled for hours in the backyard. When I arrived at her house, Sharkbait lamented, ¡°I couldn¡¯t see anything in that fog! I couldn¡¯t make out the clock or see the numbers on my watch.¡± I felt so relieved that it wasn't just me. Now, if Barracuda could just come out with foggy night-vision goggles next. Aside from all the fun holiday celebrations, my absolute favorite thing this past week was getting back to the dirt. Some women like perfume. I like the smell of dirt. The sting of the crisp, cool air. And the sound of the reeds rustling in the wind. I got it all when I went for a trail run on the afternoon before Christmas Eve. It turned out to be 4.33 miles and it felt just right. I had to walk it in a couple of the steep spots, but overall I was able to run. And I¡¯m very happy to report that it didn¡¯t feel like I needed to borrow a lung. I was truly surprised that it felt that good. I did not expect that YET. So the day after Christmas, I did it all over again. Both days, I went out in my new XTERRA XR 1.0 shoes . They felt super-comfortable out there. No complaints whatsoever. On Sunday, I had my monthly trail patrol for the California State Parks. My third time back. Keith, the Governor, lead the way. I started out great and made it up a mile climb without too much trouble, although I¡¯m sure I was quite slow. When we hit ¡°No Dogs¡± I couldn¡¯t make it up the second hill, and I didn¡¯t clip out fast enough. I didn¡¯t want to land on my knee and instead I kind of hyper-extended my left leg and fell backwards. Next thing I knew I was on the ground on my back with my Santa Cruz Blur stuck between my legs at an awkward angle. A little embarrassing trying to extricate myself and get back up, except no one witnessed it. Ha! Keith and Dan were already waiting at the top. Falling is just part of mountain biking. But I could feel the disparity in my quad muscle strength as I attempted the climb. It¡¯s a little bit of a bummer, but I know it will get better. It messed with my head for the rest of the ride though. We went on a new singletrack trail that was built with Keith¡¯s help while I was away ? Ticketron. Normally, it would¡¯ve been no problem. Okay, maybe I would have popped off the bike in a couple of places. Instead, I walked a lot of it with my bike. The steep climb out of Deer Canyon usually called for some hike-a-biking, but I was doin¡¯ way more hikin¡¯ than bikin¡¯. When we arrived at the first stretch of single track on Fenceline, it was no problem, but the second stretch, I had to clip out so quickly and so often that I gave up and walked the rest of the way. My knee ached a little ? enough to give up on the idea of doing a brick workout with a little run afterwards. I got through it. I went to places I haven¡¯t been to in a long time on my mountain bike. And I had a lot of fun hanging out with the guys. Dan thought for sure that he would slow us down. Nope, it was me. When we stopped for some nutrition, I mentioned that I really liked the Hammer Gel Apple Cinnamon flavor. I said, ¡°Wow, this tastes just like apple pie.¡± Dan replied right back, ¡°Oh, I¡¯d need ice cream with thatÿ¡± Which pretty much gives you the flavor of the conversation that went back and forth between three immature trail patrol volunteers. When we arrived back in the parking lot, we had a visit from 734¡¯s Dad who rode across a couple of mountain ranges to meet up with us and say ¡°Hi!¡± What a guy! Next week, I get to do it all over again. Hmmm, maybe I¡¯ll take a different route. Would you believe Slow ¡®n Easy? Yup, that¡¯s a trail. A winding mile-and-a-quarter fire road. I wasn¡¯t really sure what I¡¯d write about here after my knee surgery last winter. I knew I wouldn¡¯t have a triathlon season. I wanted to talk to others who came back strong after being sidelined. It was an idea that was kickin¡¯ around in my head for a few weeks when the unthinkable happened. A dear friend of mine was in a serious ski accident and suffered a spinal cord injury, and a few days later a stroke. I felt helpless to do anything for him as he lay in the hospital. I decided to start a new series: Comeback Kids. I¡¯d do a new story every Friday for him, his family, and his closest buddies ? for as long as he was in the hospital. That was the plan. I had no idea how I¡¯d pull it off. I put it out there and hoped for the best. And I truly met the best in the process. Friends, friends of friends, acquaintances, and complete strangers who were more than willing to do the phone interviews, email me pictures, and review their story drafts prior to posting on the big Friday deadline. They divulged some pretty personal stuff, some pearls of wisdom, and always some kind words for my buddy. I¡¯d like to thank each every one of them once again. Hall of Fame Triathlete Karen Smyers who called me from a yellow cab in New York City on a business trip. Pro triathlete Joanna Zeiger who said, ¡°Don¡¯t quit with your rehab until you are satisfied with the results.¡± Yes, she spent five hours a day doing rehab for her back injury. (She inspires me to keep doing two or three-hour workouts at my rehab gym.) My physical therapy aide and former NFL player, Erroll Tucker , who still encourages me during every weight workout. I¡¯d venture to say that every single one of these Comeback Kids has a lot of heart, but Dwight Kroening completed Ironman Canada after receiving a heart transplant and Wayne ¡°The Dead Guy¡± Wright completed 50 Marathons in 50 U.S. States this October after undergoing a quadruple bypass. Dennis Tapp found a way to ride his bike across the country with the partial paralysis caused by five gunshots. Sterling Kwong completed Ironman Arizona after battling testicular cancer. Casey Kammel completed Ironman Coeur d'Alene in unique style after being told he¡¯d never walk again. Andy Bailey came back from a life-threatening MRSA infection and amputation to compete in triathlons again (at the age of 70). Pitcher Kara Nilan returned to collegiate play after suffering a traumatic brain injury on the mound. My fellow rehab patient, Lydia , continues to bravely fight cancer on top of the severe back pain from her paragliding accident. And my dear coach, Beth Hibbard , became a pro triathlete after breaking her neck. Tawnee Prazak and Kevin Quadrozzi , I have little doubt that you¡¯ll both make it to Kona some day. My fellow trail patrol mountain biker, Jane , continues to inspire me as I hit the trails with a little trepidation these days. My friend Laurie shattered some bones in her foot doing an Irish jig, and completed an ultra-marathon less than a year later. Ken Stephenson helped me start this series off with a bang and his brother Brad helped me keep the streak alive. (Yes, there will be something nice for you under the tree, I mean in the fridge, this Christmas!) Some thought their stories and their injuries weren¡¯t that special. From where I sit, they were all special. Every day someone finds this blog because they searched Google for words like ¡°plica syndrome,¡± ¡°broken collarbone,¡± or ¡°tibial plateau fracture.¡± I¡¯ve received thank-you notes from readers ? from Colorado to France to South Africa ? who have said they were inspired by your stories. You helped me immensely. You helped my friend and his loved ones. You helped keep this magical thing going for 18 weeks until my buddy was discharged from the hospital. Last week, he started walking again with assistance. I look forward to the day when I can write his Comeback Kid story. Until then, I plan to write a few more of these stories in the year ahead. And I thank you for making all of these stories possible. Happy holidays! I've been thinking lately about what it is that draws a woman to a man and vice-versa? And is there really such a thing as love at first sight??I know for myself, there are certain things that immediately draw me in, and I'm talking pure aesthetics....a great smile (nice teeth), engaging eyes, good skin, nice hands....to name a few. But love?? What is it beyond that immediate attraction that makes someone take a second and a third and a fourth look?People often say that they know within the first 5 minutes whether someone they've met has boyfriend/girlfriend "potential" or not. I think what is more often the case is that you know instantly if someone doesn't have a chance, but not necessarily if they do. Personality is such a HUGE X-factor and it is truly such a variable that I think it's almost impossible to completely rule someone out without having a conversation. And what is an appealing character trait in one person doesn't necessarily carry the same appeal on another. Weird how that is....but when people overlook the fact that someone is rude, thoughtless, selfish, unkind, or disrespectful just to be with the bombshell or the handsome hunk, we know how long those relationships last  - not very!There are certain deal breakers however. Instant No-Can-Dos. Shorter than me? Nope. Unintelligent? I'll pass. Smoke cigarettes? Hell to the no! Now while I don't think I've ever experienced love at first sight, I think I've had lust, lol, but I would never rule out the fact that iI don't remember the last time I had visited a grave on the Mt. of Olives. Yes, I'd been to Ibrahim's home, but he lives in the neighborhood of the living.&nbsp; I guess I don't know that many holy people.&nbsp; The Mt. of Olives is the world's oldest and holiest Jewish cemetery dating from biblical times.&nbsp; Many holy rabbis over the centuries have been buried there.&nbsp; Even Madonna visited one of the Kabbalah rabbis, when she was here with the Kabbalah center.&nbsp; This past Friday, however, was the anniversary of my friend's son's death&nbsp;5 years ago.&nbsp; He had a rare genetic thing, which left him, since birth, severely handicapped.&nbsp; He never walked or spoke.&nbsp;&nbsp;When he died at the age of 14,&nbsp;he was buried in the Mt. of Olives in a special plot for holy children - those who never spoke bad about anyone.&nbsp; It is a special merit to be buried there because space is limited and is usually reserved for renowned rabbis these days.&nbsp; Legend has it that when the resurrection happens, people buried there will be resurrected first. It was tough on my friend to visit his grave.&nbsp; She lost a son.&nbsp; It is always tough for the living.&nbsp; She knows he is fine, not trapped in a very handicapped body.&nbsp; When she dreams about him, he even&nbsp;speaks to her - something he never did when he was alive.&nbsp; I looked around at the gravestones.&nbsp; Some were so tiny - the babies must have been a few days, weeks or months when they died.&nbsp; Someone pointed out that right behind my friend's son's grave were the graves of the two Holzberg children - the children of the Chassidic couple that was killed&nbsp;during the Mumbai massacre a couple of years ago by Islamic&nbsp;extremists.&nbsp; They had died of illness&nbsp;before the tragedy with their parents&nbsp;occurred.&nbsp; Now they have no parents visiting their graves - only a 4 year old brother and grandparents.&nbsp; After we read the psalms and the quorum of 10 men left, the mother and a few of her friends stayed on to sit and keep this young soul of her son some company.&nbsp; We listened to the mother grieve for her son, for her loneliness and some shared what they felt too. grieving for a loved one &nbsp;I felt serene and there was an atmosphere of contentment sitting around the little souls. tiny grave &nbsp;There were red poppies&nbsp;growing wild by unmarked graves.&nbsp; I looked at the Holzberg graves and told my friend&nbsp;that her son and this&nbsp;boy were now friends and learning chassidut together.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cellphones are expensive, but so necessary.&nbsp; I wonder how we managed years ago when we had to depend on pay phones to tell someone we'll be late, or make impulsive, last minute&nbsp;arrangements with friends and relatives.&nbsp; How inconvenient it all was, trying to find that quarter or whatever the cost was then.&nbsp; But my cellphone bill has been expensive of late and so I called up the competitor of my current cell provider.&nbsp; There are three major cellphone companies in Israel, Cellcom, Pelephone and Orange.&nbsp; I got a much better offer from the competitor, after complaining about my current cellphone provider&nbsp;so after a week or so, I got on the phone with my current provider and told them about the offer. Can they match it?&nbsp; Closely.&nbsp; They connected me with a special department called Customer Retention or something like that.&nbsp; I would get a new phone at 50% of the cost.&nbsp; I complained that their competitor offered me a free one.&nbsp; OK - then they'll give me a free one too.&nbsp; Wow.&nbsp; It sounded so easy! I went to their service store and waited nearly an hour to be seated with one of their reps.&nbsp; They wrote my number down on a piece of paper. I was number 218.&nbsp; Number 211 flashed on the screen but there was no customer.&nbsp; They probably got impatient and left.&nbsp; I could have been crafty and written the number 211 on the other side of the paper to be promptly seated - but I'm too American.&nbsp; Or Canadian.&nbsp; I'll wait my turn, the way civilized people are apt to do.&nbsp; I finally got my turn.&nbsp; The sales rep gets my phone number and asks me questions. "How much did they offer you?" I asked - "Isn't it on the computer?" "Yes, but you're a special case from the retention department.&nbsp; What exactly did they promise you?"&nbsp; I told him. "Yes, you're right" he says - obviously regaining his eyesight, as what they promised was probably on the computer screen all along.&nbsp; I couldn't figure out why they were playing this game. About 5 minutes into this, a woman comes over to me&nbsp;with a typed up survey in her hand - asking me how the service is and how is the sales rep I'm talking to? "Isn't it odd that you're asking me how is he when I'm&nbsp;right in front of him?| "Give me a 10" said the sales rep to me. "Ok, I'll give you a 10, but if I find that you're saying 'ok' to whatever was agreed on the phone and I get a totally different, more expensive,&nbsp;bill, I'm coming back to rate you a 1." "Don't worry.&nbsp; The new rate will show up on your bill." The new rate didn't show up on what I signed, and after I questioned him, he said it was standard.&nbsp; I'll get the new rate on my next bill because I was a "special" case. "So in case you're lying to me, how long am I contracted to you? "18 months" Fine.&nbsp;That's better than the&nbsp;more common&nbsp;3 year contract. &nbsp;If they're a bunch of liars, I'll use my phone minimally and pay the minimum charge and after 18 months switch to another provider.&nbsp; For years, ever since we made aliyah, I was considered by my kids to be so uncool.&nbsp; After all, I&nbsp;am an immigrant, speak Hebrew with an embarrassing accent, plus my grammar is often wrong.&nbsp; I&nbsp;like Western music, Arabs, Arabic music, health food,&nbsp;go to a trippy synagogue in Jerusalem, invite non-Jews for Shabbat dinner, eat in different restaurants all the time,&nbsp;see foreign films and often&nbsp;go alone.&nbsp; My oldest&nbsp;daughter even bought me a birthday gift&nbsp;-&nbsp;a 10-movie package - at&nbsp;&nbsp;Jerusalem's landmark&nbsp; Smadar theater.&nbsp; I love the Smadar.&nbsp; They didn't destroy the Ottomon-era terracotta stone floors and opened up a restaurant attached to the theater.&nbsp; Unlike the cinemateque, you can bring in your beer and cappucino or hot cider - even wine - into the theater.&nbsp; There are others like me who sit alone in the theater.&nbsp; Lately, I saw the movies Push and A Serious Man there.&nbsp; Next week I'm seeing a Korean film with a friend (!).&nbsp; But now, all of a sudden, I'm cool.&nbsp; My complainer daughter hardly complains anymore.&nbsp; She hugs and kisses me daily.&nbsp; The reason?&nbsp; She has a new boyfriend.&nbsp; This guy comes from a Moroccan family BUT, and here's a big BUT, he enjoys Ashkenazi (European/Western) culture more than his own. He doesn't listen to Middle Eastern music and is astounded that my daughter acts more "Moroccan" than he.&nbsp; It's something he has to get used to, he says.&nbsp; His brother is actually a famous Israeli singer, who still churns out Israeli hits.&nbsp; This new boyfriend loves the Beatles, Doors, Stones and Fats Domino.&nbsp; My daughter doesn't know the songs to any of these.&nbsp; But now she's coming to me to learn this new Western culture her boyfriend is into.&nbsp; She's now proud of her once-uncool mother.&nbsp; I know I'm going to have to bring that photo of Ronnie Wood of the Rolling Stones and me together at an art gallery out of&nbsp; basement storage to impress him. "You're gonna love my mother" she coos to her boyfriend. "you might even want to marry her", she jokes, perhaps knowing a little of my Cougar fantasies. "See?&nbsp; This is how it starts.&nbsp; First you eat like that, and then you start inviting Arabs into the house." griped my son-in-law, as I gave my daughter, his wife, some healing foods for her ulcerative colitis.&nbsp; Brown rice with broccoli and carrots, drizzled with flax seed oil.&nbsp; I was amused by his theory, wondering if it were indeed true. He shook his head.&nbsp; He truly believes that granola eating hippies, like his mother-in-law, weren't always loving and tolerant&nbsp;human beings, but turned that way when they eschewed mostly junk food for a healthier lifestyle.&nbsp; His wife was eating crap, like diet soda and fast food nearly every day, and the result is ulcerative colitis, which I'm trying to help her heal through food.&nbsp; And if that will&nbsp;heal&nbsp;her body as well as her soul&nbsp;, then why not?&nbsp; Because she'll turn into me?&nbsp; Is that what he's afraid of?&nbsp; I laughed at the prospect of her turning into a peace-nik and inviting all the Arabs who live in Jabel Mukaber into their tiny West Jerusalem home, and him, another middle-east Archie Bunker, tearing his hair out. My son's school has been calling me all month trying to get me to come to another one of their "emergency" meetings about my son who shows up in school, but hardly in class. "There are&nbsp;teachers who don't even know who he is!" exclaimed his&nbsp;principal. I tell the principal's secretary that I can't make it on the Sunday she wants me to come because my boss has a slew of meetings that day, and I have to prepare her on that day. "Isn't your son important to you?&nbsp; Don't you even care?&nbsp; Is your job so much more &nbsp;important than your own son?&nbsp; We made this meeting with a lot of people involved and that's when they could come!!"&nbsp; The principal's secretary is actually screaming at me.&nbsp; I look at the phone.&nbsp; I'm totally pissed.&nbsp; She continues, "they want to throw him out of school.&nbsp; Don't you think that's important?" I glare into the phone.&nbsp; Unfortunately, she can't see me gritting my teeth. "You never asked ME when "I" can make it.&nbsp; Keeping my job is showing my kids how responsible I am.&nbsp; If I don't have my job, then we'll be living in the streets.&nbsp;I'm not ready to sacrifice my job for a meeting in school.&nbsp; Sorry." I think she was shocked by my response.&nbsp; There was silence on the other end of the line. I&nbsp;continued.&nbsp; "If you want to throw him out of school, it will just have to wait another week." I shouted back at the secretary.&nbsp; I made the appointment for the week after, when my boss will be out of town. That afternoon I went into the local mall where one of the shops was selling pillows.&nbsp; My kids were all sleeping on pillows that had seen better days.&nbsp;&nbsp;But that day, I was only buying for&nbsp;one of them.&nbsp; &nbsp;I ask her to show me a selection for my 20 year old daughter.&nbsp; The shopkeeper shows me a latex pillow that is the most expensive one in the store. "It's quite a lot of money." I complained to her.&nbsp; "I'd like to buy her a mid-range one.&nbsp; Not the cheapest and not the most expensive." She looked at me funny. "But it's your daughter!!!&nbsp;&nbsp; Isn't she worth the best?" I looked at the shopkeeper funny. "Absolutely not." And then I walked out of the store, seeing the shopkeeper's mouth still open.... here in the Holy Land, we are basking in the sun.&nbsp; I usually don't like to make you people living with cold weather jealous, but today I'll make an exception. We ate at Bariba overlooking the Yarkon River and Reading plant Mullet fish over risotto in saffron sauce The best mushroom gnocchi I've ever tasted covered with Parmesean foam (!) All sorts of people passed by That dog wants ice cream some people went boating some kids went swimming The Farmers Market was in full swing one of Hubby's favorite stores on Dizengoff Street with the latest fashion in undies (if you can call them that) Road signs wishing travellers a Shabbat Shalom I prepared so well, I thought, for the upcoming ticket sales in Israel for the Elton John concert in June.&nbsp; I read the reports&nbsp; of groups trying to get him to boycott Israel.&nbsp; Yawn.&nbsp; This is getting boring already.&nbsp; They do this to every celebrity who books concerts here.&nbsp; Most ignore the boycott pleas and threats.&nbsp; I hope Elton has the balls to pay no heed to these party poopers.&nbsp; Cancelling a concert will not make things better for Palestinians in this country.&nbsp; It'll just piss me off and probably a few other peacemakers too.&nbsp; But getting back to the tickets...Advance ticket sales were available to Bank Discount members beginning from 7:00 pm last night.&nbsp; I'm a member (or rather my husband is) - even though that bank pisses me off - except when they give their members perks such as this.&nbsp; &nbsp;I called up the bank last week to make sure that&nbsp;my credit&nbsp;card was open and ok to accept purchases.&nbsp; After all, it has been over a year since I used it.&nbsp; The bank clerk told me that there is no problem with the card.&nbsp; Yesterday I called another bank clerk to get more credit in case I want to buy more than 4 tickets.&nbsp; He said everything is fine.&nbsp; Wonderful.&nbsp; I'm ready. I did some errands then came back to the office at 6:45 pm and got the website ready on my computer.&nbsp; Of course by the time 7:00 pm rolled around, it took me 20 minutes to get onto the site.&nbsp; I finally got in.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yay!&nbsp; I filled out all the information they needed, picked out some fabulous seats in the front row on the side of the stage - very close to the stage, in fact - &nbsp;and then took my credit card out.&nbsp; I plugged in the numbers, my ID number, etc. and then I saw the expiry date.&nbsp; I look at the card - remember, I had been planning this for a week already - and the expiry date says 09/09.&nbsp; SHIT!&nbsp; I tried putting in a random expiry date, but the computer is smart.&nbsp; It doesn't take my card.&nbsp; I use the other Visa I have, but the computer insists I use the Bank Discount credit card.&nbsp; I leave the webpage open, just in case I never get in again because of all the people trying to buy tickets at the same time.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I have to think fast.&nbsp; I call up the credit card company.&nbsp; I'm frantic.&nbsp; I'm wondering if there are more frantic people calling them about Elton John. "Look, I'm trying to buy Elton John tickets, and my visa date expired.&nbsp; Can you give me a new updated date?&nbsp; Please?" It&nbsp;seems hopeful at first while the clerk puts me on hold probably to speak to his manager.&nbsp; He comes back on. "Sorry. You have to speak to your bank about this.&nbsp; We don't give new expiry dates." "But my bank doesn't open until 8:30 in the morning" I wailed. "Can't you give me a temporary one?" "No.&nbsp; I'm so sorry."&nbsp; He really sounded sympathetic.&nbsp; But there was no point in arguing with him.&nbsp; I had to think quickly while the ticket sales website was still on the payment page.&nbsp; AH!&nbsp;&nbsp;I remembered that a good&nbsp;friend of mine has a Discount Visa.&nbsp; We tried doing this together, but she had a difficult time with the Hebrew instructions.&nbsp; I guided her through but the transaction failed.&nbsp; She doesn't have enough credit on her card. Never give up.&nbsp; My Complainer daughter has to do something good for her mother, doesn't she, instead of chronically complaining all the time.&nbsp; I call her several times.&nbsp; She doesn't answer her phone.&nbsp; It's 8:00 pm, and no tickets.&nbsp; I go out for dinner with friends.&nbsp; My daughter calls and apologizes (!). She was working and couldn't answer her phone, but if I'm in town, we can go home together. Yes, and I could take your Visa, I thought.&nbsp; She didn't complain when I asked her for it.&nbsp; Not a flinch.&nbsp; When I arrived home after midnight I went into my son's room where the computer is.&nbsp; I let him rant and rave about me making noise.&nbsp; I tried to bribe him with concert tickets but he's not interested.&nbsp; I finally get into the site.&nbsp; Most of the great seats are gone - except for the very expensive lawn seats.&nbsp; I get a gate close to the stage, but 23 rows up.&nbsp; Not bad.&nbsp; Not as great as I could have gotten had I had an updated credit card, but they were good nevertheless. So Elton, hang on....it'll be a rocky road with every asshole trying to get you to cancel the concert.&nbsp; Don't listen to anyone.&nbsp; Just do what you have to do so we can all have a great time together.... Be careful who you start conversations with standing at bus stops.&nbsp; It's not like people are dangerous here.&nbsp; They aren't.&nbsp; And it's easy to jump into a&nbsp;stranger's conversation.&nbsp; The stranger who is talking usually looks around and talks to whoever is standing around.&nbsp; Some are receptive and sometimes one can engage in fun conversation about all sorts of things while waiting for the bus. So yesterday I jumped into a bus stop conversation about People.&nbsp; Persian people and then Russian people. "Not all of them are bad" said a woman to a man. "You always get one bad apple in the tree" the man answered. I interjected in Hebrew, "Well, what do you think about Canadians?" Bad move on my part.&nbsp; The man continued his tirade all throughout the 40 minute bus ride with me about his Canadian neighbor whose dog barked outside every&nbsp;day at 4:00 am.&nbsp; "I told her I was going to kill the dog."&nbsp; He leered at me.&nbsp; He clearly isn't too fond of Canadians.&nbsp; Then he went on about putting talcum powder on the floor and I couldn't understand half of what he was saying.&nbsp; I really just wanted to relax on the bus ride home and not talk to anyone.&nbsp; I got home and tried to make dinner.&nbsp; The two men in the family began bickering. "Who ate my cookies?" demanded Hubby.&nbsp; Someone at work made chocolate chip cookies for me&nbsp;for my birthday&nbsp; I brought them home and told Hubby that they were for him for HIS birthday this week.&nbsp; He was so happy.&nbsp; Before the cookies were eaten, that is.&nbsp; My son admitted to the crime.&nbsp; "There were only 10 left!" "10!!!&nbsp; YOU ATE ALL 10???? YOU PIG!!!" and a war of the words started, with name calling back and forth, which ended up with my son throwing Hubby's files out of our son's room, where they are kept, and then Hubby taking the computer monitor out of our son's room and putting it into our locked storage room. And then I thought it is much easier dealing with strangers on the bus, who can talk the ass out of a turkey, than this. It was bad enough when the water stopped running right before the Sabbath.&nbsp; I was about to put on the slow cooker a dish called Hamin, which takes overnight to cook, and consists of everything basically - meat, chicken, beans, potatoes, stuffing, barley, and seasoned either sweet or salty or middle eastern.&nbsp; The water shut off just as I was about to wash a bunch of scallions.&nbsp; I was horrified.&nbsp; I ended up washing the scallions in a pot full of water that had cooked the artichokes.&nbsp; I felt good.&nbsp; I was recycling.&nbsp; The neighbors kept on going onto the roof to see if they could fix the water thing (whatever it's called),&nbsp;while the rain was pouring down at the same time.&nbsp; For a few minutes they were successful and then --- no water from the taps.&nbsp; Again.&nbsp; We thought of a weekend with toilets full of shit and family members in sore need of a shower. "I have my PERIOD!!" shouted one of my daughters during the meal. "What's a period?" asked my bright 18 year old son.&nbsp; He had no idea what that word meant in English. "YOU tell him" I ordered my son-in-law. But before our meal, while this water shortage thing was going on, I had smelled smoke coming from the air vents.&nbsp; I panicked because Hubby was over at my married daughter's house in Jerusalem and called the fire department.&nbsp; Two men came into the house, looking like professional ...ghostbusters or whatever.&nbsp; Oxygen tanks on their backs, contraptions which measure or find the source of the smoke.&nbsp; The odor was quite strong.&nbsp; They were with me in the apartment for a good 20 minutes.&nbsp; Then I lift up one of my pots that was on the stove and see a little rattan coaster sticking to the bottom of the pot.&nbsp; It was burnt to a crisp.&nbsp; I found the culprit and I felt so stupid.&nbsp; The firemen looked at me and smiled.&nbsp; They must go through this often, I thought&nbsp;(perhaps others would be as mindless as myself). Meanwhile, Hubby returned as the men were leaving.&nbsp; He didn't care if the house was burning - he was just thrilled to be able to eat&nbsp;on paper plates, as his dishwashing duties was temporarily suspended. the Novelista Barista today featured me in her blog. I am extremely flattered by what she had to say. Take a look!A 'catch-up' post is on the way, probably tomorrow... watch this space! x When I'm in Malta, I generally avoid shopping like the plague. Not only are most prices higher, the Euro isn't exactly in my favour either. But last time I was there, I was determined to get my hands on the new Chasing Pandora CD, The Driver and the Dancer. And ever since then, I haven't really been able to turn it off. The Distance Between Us is one of my very favourite songs off the album (although I love them all, which I cannot often say about an album). Unfortunately I haven't been able to find the video online, but the entire CD can be heard (free!) on their website. musically,   Added in a couple of items to the Tiny Lifestyle Changes today. One I¡¯ve been doing for a while and it is working well for me. The other is a suggestion made by my associate rector, Matt, and it¡¯s the kind of thing that would work for me if I did it regularly so I¡¯m going to make the attempt to do that too. The one that I¡¯m already doing is from my pastoral counselor. He suggested that to handle stress and anxiety, since it was keeping me awake at night, I should turn over to God the things that were bothering me most. He suggested a journal, but I¡¯m just doing it in prayer. I¡¯ve been negligent of my prayer life, so this is a good way to get back in the habit of talking to God. When I was a new believer I used to fall asleep reading his word. I sort of miss that comfort and I hope this tiny step will lead me back to that, or at least to more consideration in the quiet of the evening when I¡¯m lying there trying to shut down my day. Last Sunday Matt gave a really good sermon on that included 2 midrash. That¡¯s may not be spelled correctly and it¡¯s not the plural form. He told us during the sermon but I didn¡¯t get that bit down. One of the midrash talked about the space between the lines of text in the Torah being the place where the true meaning was to be found. Then he talked about the name of God as it is in Hebrew YHVH, which is never spoken, and what the sound might be if we did try to pronounce it. Without the vowels that Christians have added in it sounds sort of like breathy sounds that one hears. The PH sound, the H sound, maybe some of the S, those where you are exhaling strongly. I kind of laughed when he first did that and tried to say it without the vowels. It sounded like a bit from Harry Potter. Then as his lesson continued I came to think, the breath sound might represent the breath of life that God gives us or that energy which was sent forth from God when he made the world. If that¡¯s what we find in the quiet spaces maybe it¡¯s a good idea that I go back and reread my priests¡¯ sermons so that I can reflect on their teachings and gain what is between the lines of text. And that¡¯s the second item I added into Tiny Lifestyle Changes. Peace! Hope! &amp; Joy! If you¡¯ve read my blog a lot in the past you know I like to think back on things and see what effect they¡¯ve had on my life. This is a skill I learned late in life. It was something I had to do for some college classes and believe I¡¯m much the better for having gained it. The process was called reflection. Reflection has given me lots of awareness on how things affect others too. When I was a child I didn¡¯t spend time analyzing other people¡¯s actions or emotions until it affected me and then it was usually a frenzy of trying to look at why they did or said whatever it was that had hurt me so badly. That¡¯s not socially helpful, but it let me express my angst till I¡¯d owned it and come to a better understanding of the situation. Thankfully I¡¯ve grown some since those anxious teenage years. These days I try to understand the other person¡¯s needs or behaviors based on what I know of them and not how I feel. It helps a bunch because I¡¯ve come to love harmony in my life, a gift from Mom, and hopefully that longing for peace and harmony makes me more of a peacemaker than an irritant to any situation I run into. This morning I was reading an article from WebMD that talked about a study researching the effects of darkness on people¡¯s behavior. It said that when the room is darkened, not lightless but dim light, or people wore sunglasses they might behave in a less ethical manner. I found that very interesting and suddenly I was imagining what I might say to a child who wanted to wear sunglasses all the time because he, ¡°thought it made him look cool¡± because another kid he knew wore them and he thought that kid was cool. I guess our teachers were right; you shouldn¡¯t wear sunglasses all the time. Since the eyes are windows to our heart and mind, if someone feels you can¡¯t see what he¡¯s thinking or feeling he feels anonymous and can thus act in ways that might not be right but won¡¯t be attributed to him because of that self perceived anonymity. I think I can understand how a kid might want to be anonymous if he¡¯s constantly being corrected for things he does. We probably all experience times like that as adults too. But knowing this means it¡¯s important to look people in the eyes to really know them, that it can¡¯t be done by just hearing their words without knowing the emotions behind them, or maybe the experiences that have generated their response to a situation. That¡¯s not always easy to know even when you do look someone in the eye, but it gives you the opportunity to ask them for more so that they can express themselves and feel heard. I think that¡¯s called active listening today and we all know how much we want to be heard when we are struggling. I want to go back to that darkness article and think up some more ways that it can affect us so I guess I¡¯ll find a friend I can discuss that with, or maybe my counselor since he¡¯s good at role play too. If you read the article on darkness and come up with any insights I hope you¡¯ll share them. Peace! Hope! &amp; Joy! It¡¯s true! I¡¯m almost giddy I¡¯m so happy. This isn¡¯t because of anything that¡¯s happened. No major event triggered this. I think it¡¯s the result of some small changes I made in my routine recently that have just triggered a good feeling within my spirit. The changes I made were very small. I¡¯ve been dealing with depression ever since my marriage broke up in ¡®99. I have a good counselor and maybe a very smart psychiatrist who prescribes my medication. So for the past 3 days I¡¯ve been on a very small dose of Bupropion. Just 100 mg a day, extended release. This dose is small enough to not cause that edgy feeling that this drug is known for but it helps lift my spirits. I think it is taking effect. But I don¡¯t think that alone has triggered this surfeit of happiness. The next change I made was last night¡¯s routine. It was cold in the apartment so I took out time in the middle of the evening to draw and take a warm bath. I washed my hair and when I was through I put on comfy clothes and went to bed at my usual time, hair still wet but combed. When I woke up this morning I had more time in my routine to do stuff I wanted to do instead of feeling the need to get ready for work. My hair was dry and fluffy, call that wash and sleep. LOL More time gives you a relaxed feeling about your day so that¡¯s going to become a more regular change I think. Bath at night and ready faster in the morning. Plus I think I slept better for that. Good sleep gives me a much better mood. Then I elected to dress comfortably for work. I work in a business casual environment and some of my coworkers wear suits. I would have loved jeans today but it¡¯s not jeans day so I pulled out an old pair of loose fitting pants that still looked good and topped them with one of those thin flannel shirts that gives you lots of room to move. Added a belt and I¡±m ready for for anything and can move comfortably without care to whether I¡¯m sitting like a proper lady and feeling cuddled in that flannel. I think that finished the mood lift. So clean, rested, comfortable, and ready to face the day. I attribute some of this to the Happiness Project . And I¡¯m going to continue to read that blog because I keep finding good suggestions in it that lift my mood. Hope your day goes as good as I anticipate mine will. Peace! Hope! &amp; Joy! Even though they¡¯d been sniffing noses through the screen door and seemed interested in being friends, when I adopted Hooboo, rescuing him from his ¡°stray porch kitty¡± status, he and Hyram developed an instant competition. They fought, Hyram stole Hooboo¡¯s food, Hooboo would steal the wrap around my ankles time, and they¡¯d rarely share a bed together. Hyram actually kept watch for Hooboo¡¯s arrival and left when he entered the room. That is until recently. I don¡¯t know what changed but for the past two nights I¡¯ve had both cats on the bed. Sunday night it was one on either side of me. Last night they were actually sharing the comforter and less than a foot apart. Dare I hope that I¡¯ve now got a cat family? In other news I¡¯m fighting a cold and it¡¯s taking its usual course. Following a nurse friend¡¯s advice I was trying to ¡°let it run through me¡± and avoiding decongestants until the need for sleep precluded that and I gave in. Prayers for health are appreciated. Peace! Hope! &amp; Joy! Recently I updated to the latest (greatest?) version of Firefox, that being version 3.6. It immediately disabled IE Tab and one or two other extensions a.k.a. add-ons. Oops! I¡¯d been using IE Tab to see my blog because I thought there had been a problem with Firefox and Blogger. I¡¯d been losing the right hand column of my blog in Firefox and IE Tab was my current workaround. Then last night I opened and read Sandi¡¯s blog and heard her playlist which she has on the right side (same as I do) and wondered why I could hear her blog and not mine. So I started researching. The first thing I did was email Terry to see if he had any advice. He took a look, with 4 different browsers no less, and had no problems with my blog so he suggested I clear the cache. That¡¯s Blogger¡¯s usual advice too so I tried it but it didn¡¯t help. Then I got a clever idea. Why not try disabling add-ons to see if any of them were the problem. Wow, what I discovered would make almost 2 posts. First off I had way too many Java Consoles installed. Apparently when you update Java it doesn¡¯t overwrite the old console but just adds a new one on. I¡¯m down to just the latest Java Console and the Java Quick Start add-on. That works fine so no problem there. Then I disabled everything else and restarted the browser. My blog showed fully and the playlist I¡¯d been missing played beautifully. So I started enabling add-ons one at a time and found the culprit. It was Ad Block Plus. That¡¯s a sweet add-on and I¡¯m going to miss it because I hate ads being stuck willy nilly all over the pages I¡¯m viewing and this baby took care of that. But lately it seems to be messing with Java and Flash content so I guess I¡¯m better off without. Then I googled ¡°Firefox add-ons that cause problems with blogger¡± and got this fantastic page by Mozilla. It lists the extensions that cause problems, what they mess up, and gives a workaround. How helpful of them to put that up. It was even dated as recent as December 10, 2009 so it¡¯s very current. Yes, Adblock and Adblock Plus were on the list. It also told me why my browser sometimes gave a message of Firefox is still running when I¡¯d shut it down and then tried to restart it. That little snafu was thanks to Cooliris which is another neat add-on but I can do without too. So that¡¯s gone now too. Now my add-on list is much pared down and I¡¯m happy with the way the browser is working again. I hope that link helps if you are having any problems with Firefox. Peace! Hope! &amp; Joy! It¡¯s raining this morning, and in addition to the loving behavior of my younger cat Hooboo making bread on my shoulder before settling down on top of me to await my arousal, I woke to thinking about blogging. It¡¯s been more than a month since I wrote anything and I apologize to all of you who¡¯ve been checking in from time to time. I titled this the ¡°Season of Bloglessness¡± because I¡¯m not the only one who hasn¡¯t been blogging lately. My friend Susan just posted after an absence of over two weeks and my good friend Sandi has been absent from blog land for almost as long. I¡¯ll let you read Susan¡¯s blog to find out what she¡¯s been up to. Sandi on the other hand is very busy with a no longer empty nest. Her son Wallace has moved back in. I¡¯ll let Sandi tell you the story but you need to know that her life is doing all kinds of adjusting right now, so if you read her blog please take the time to drop by and give her support. I know she means to get back to blogging sometime soon but her computer is in what is now Wallace¡¯s bedroom. My job is going well. I love what I¡¯m doing and the people I¡¯m working with. Thank you for being so faithful. I¡¯ll try to write again soon with pictures of the Christmas Poinsettias I was gifted with. Blessings for now. Life got rather busy a few weeks ago. I mentioned in an earlier post that the Census had called and asked me to work for them again. The job kept getting postponed for a couple of weeks and that frustrated me some at the time. But the work finally started and it is still as much fun as it was earlier this year. The slow spell of the summer is over and we are gearing up to hire a lot of folk for the upcoming census taking. If you want a temporary job that pays fairly well and helps your government put resources where they are needed most then click here . One of the nice things I like about this job is there is so much to learn about the project. I¡¯m a perpetual student and excel in learning environments. This one has a lot to teach me. The fact that we do a Census every 10 years is dictated by law. I believe it¡¯s written into the Constitution. There is a deadline for it. The Census totals need to be on President Obama¡¯s desk on a specific date in the middle of next December. The goal is to do a better job of counting every person in the country than they did in past decades. We are aiming for 100%! That 100 percent isn¡¯t just those of us who live in houses or apartments. It includes trailer parks too. That I could have figured out. But for some reason I hadn¡¯t figured on them counting campground dwellers, boat owners who live in them on the water, and people in care facilities like hospitals, retirement communities, and jails. And then there are the people who live in shelters, under bridges and overpasses, and in boxes. Yep, we plan on counting them too. That thought brings to mind an old black and white movie image of hoboes around a campfire. I wonder if they will search railroad cars for people. That¡¯s the main news on my front. I¡¯m busy and feeling good about it. Yay! Other news is that my list of friends on Facebook has grown. A bit of that is thanks to Classmates.com. I¡¯m reconnected with a few folks in my high school graduating class. That¡¯s kind of neat and I¡¯ll probably try to go to a reunion when they hold it. On a more interactive front an old college chum got in touch with me the same way. I'd not heard from Harry in something close to 30 years but we were great friends when we attended the same college. He¡¯s doing well and is in town for the holidays to see his Mum. We are meeting for lunch tomorrow. I wonder what we will talk about. My Dad sent me a box full of pictures from the family collection. He is scanning them into his computer and was just going to toss them so I asked if I could have them instead. Yeah, I love a digital image and can look at one for hours if it¡¯s really good. But just like books, a real photograph printed on paper is somehow more tangible and generates strong memories and emotions. Guess I¡±m just an old fashioned girl when it comes to some things. I guess the last bit of news is that tonight I¡¯m attending a Celtic Christmas Concert at my church. The music I¡¯ll hear is going to be performed by Jeff Johnson, Brian Dunning, and Wendy Goodwin. I hope to come away with a CD or two of their music. If you want to listen to some clips of their stuff the website is here . I¡¯ll try to write about the concert and my impressions later this week. Peace, Hope &amp; Joy! Wednesday evening is practice night for my church choir, of which I¡¯ve been a member for about a year. These days we are gearing up for the annual Lessons &amp; Carols service. It¡¯s exciting because there are always lots of new numbers to sing and it is the choir showcase service. We are also thinking ahead to Christmas Eve service which also has lots of music in it. Our choir director asked if any of us would be interested in doing some group numbers, not exactly solos but still out front and I said count me in. So this Christmas I may be part of a trio singing a medley of carols. When choir practice was over we had a birthday celebration for anyone who¡¯s birthday is in November and those we¡¯d missed earlier in the year. This is renewing an old tradition among our group that fell into disuse and I think we are all happy to have it back again. Everybody should have their special day. The members who volunteered to sponsor this month¡¯s celebration brought wine, desserts, and some nice crackers, chips, and dips. It was all good. Then we left for the evening. Outside our sanctuary door there¡¯s a motion activated security light. It¡¯s dark earlier these days so I was glad that it came on as I headed out to my car. But apparently someone in the world wasn¡¯t so happy. As I passed the tree on the corner of the building I heard a sound I¡¯d never heard before. It was a sort of hooting. I stopped and listened and it happened again and again. It was an owl protesting about light disturbing his peace. In all my life I can¡¯t remember ever having heard an owl before, but I recognized it immediately. Perhaps there¡¯s no other bird that sounds like that. Maybe it¡¯s so distinctive that once you¡¯ve been told what an owl sounds like you can¡¯t mistake that sound for any other bird. The moment made me feel very good. To know that nature was out there and active, that a bird I tend to think of as a wilderness creature was on our church grounds, made me aware of how special our sanctuary and grounds are. Whenever I¡¯m on our campus I feel blessed. There¡¯s this feeling that just seems to fill the grounds up, not just the sanctuary. We call ourselves reconcilers and I think that sound served to remind me that we reconcile ourselves to nature too. The Happiness Project had an interesting post the other day about de-cluttering. It was rules to not follow. In it Gretchen gave Eleven Myths of De-cluttering along with how we should not follow those old beliefs and why. I was surprised to find these out and have to admit that I¡¯m guilty of believing and practicing many of them. Maybe I can try out these new methods and get better results. What do you think? Are you guilty of any of these? Peace! Hope! &amp; Joy!  When the Brisbane Roar had finished their practice session we decided to go over to see if we could meet some players. Geraldo was particularly interested in meeting some Brazilian players who were on the team. Most of the players had gone into the change room by the time we had walked over from the other side of the stadium but we were lucky enough to meet a couple of the Brazilian players who were talking to the coach. I told them that Geraldo was a top ranking soccer player in his hometown in Vanuatu and they were very friendly and were happy for us to take some snaps. The coach whose name was Kenny seemed very interested in Geraldo and he suggested I call his friend, David, a soccer coach at the Academy of Sport to see if he could include Geraldo in some training sessions before he went back to Vanuatu which was a week away. He said there was another Ni-Van boy who was in the training squad there. Wow we couldn't believe our luck! We managed to get another photo of Geraldo with a gorgeous Aussie player before we left. We drove over to Ballymore Stadium which wasn't too far and found out the Brisbane Roar did their soccer training at 9:30am in the morning so we all came back the next day to see them practice. Geraldo was very excited and watched them intensely. We decided that since Geraldo was such a keen soccer player that we should take him for a visit to the Suncorp Stadium where the big soccer games are played. The stadium itself was locked up but we could see into it from the stadium shop. Of course the stadiums in Vanuatu don't look like this! The fellas who were serving in the shop were very friendly and when we told them that Geraldo was a soccer player from Vanuatu they suggested we take him to another stadium called Ballymore where the Brisbane Roar, Brisbane's top soccer team, practised. On the way home on the CityCat Geraldo was in high spirits. He was really enjoying his stay with us in Brisbane! Our next excursion with Geraldo was to take him to the cinema. Geraldo had watched plenty of DVDs but had never been to a cinema before as there aren't any in Vanuatu. We chose to take him to a 3D screening of Avatar at South Bank which pretty much blew his mind. For the best view of Brisbane we drove Geraldo up to the Mt Cootha lookout. There are wonderful views of the city and surrounding areas. You can see as far as the Glass House Mountains to the North, the Gold Coast Hinterland to the South and Moreton and Stradbroke Islands to the East. As usual he was pretty knocked out! We actually managed to spot our house through binoculars. After our bike run we decided to take Geraldo to Kangaroo Point to check out the views. Kangaroo Point is situated on top of a cliff which is now the major rock climbing attraction for Brisbane's abseilers. Geraldo was pretty keen on the view. Geraldo was really overwhelmed by South Bank. He just kept saying "Oh Man!!" He just loved the man made swimming beach. The beach consists of a beautiful clear fresh water lagoon with views over the Brisbane River to the city. Surrounding landscape consists of white sandy beaches, bubbling creeks and shady tropical gardens. He couldn't believe the children's water playground either which I have to admit is pretty cool.  My mom came up to the city over the weekend to celebrate her birthday. The weather was gorgeous and we ended the afternoon with tea and cupcakes. Millie and I are planning a trip to Madrid and Paris later this year. I know it's a ways off but working at a hospital requires quite a bit of notice when I need an extended period of time off, at least according to my boss. Of course I'm getting antsy and ready for another vacation even though I was recently abroad; must be Spring Fever, or just my constant urge to travel. This picture is from a brief trip I took to Barcelona a few years ago, the nouveau architecture was so gorgeous. At least I have several months to practice my Spanish. I think about you all the time and wish you were still here. I went to see my friend Joyce this past weekend in Palo Alto. We went to some consignment shops loaded with designer goodies and I managed to get a practically brand new Chanel bag for just over $100. While on our little thrifting spree we drove past this amazing apartment building where I had to stop and get a closer look, I felt like I was back in Paris. I've been thinking about painting my living room coral or a salmon color which is what I did in my last apartment. It's pretty, goes well with antiques, and it's a soothing color. My only reservations are that I've been living in my place for 7 years and hate the idea of moving everything and taking all my pictures down even though my walls are dingy and could really use some fresh paint. Maybe I'll decide by spring time. The fashion world will not be the same without you. You're in Austin. You're about to see an ass load of indie bands perform out of every nook and cranny of this city. It's 95 degrees, then it suddenly hails, then it goes back to 95 degrees with a humidity index of 99%. You spot a boy who wears a smaller jean size than you and you are determined to make out with him by the end of the night. It's late, you're drunk off of Lone Stars because you only had seven breakfast tacos about twelve hours ago, and you have blisters lining the bottom of your feet. These are questions and scenarios that will arise this week during SXSW. Don't be unprepared! Follow my survival guide list below and you're sure to have a worth-while and healthy SXSW experience. 1.) The Fanny Pack - Fuck purses. Who said these ever went out of style? WHO? TELL ME! I recommend the American Apparel shiny denim fanny pack in royal blue because it's awe-inspiring. Look at it. LOOK AT IT! Pretty. 2 .) A Pair of Tom's Shoes - Never mind. These hipster staples are like having a thin layer of burlap separating you from the ground. I can't believe they're donated to a child every time a pair is sold. The next generation is going to grow up all jacked with arthritis. (-this statement is in jest...Tom's is a great company that does a lot of wonderful things) 3.) Cheap Brightly Colored Wayfarers - Because in a way we're all still stuck in 2004, aren't we? 4.) Cardigan - Texas weather is known to be a fickle one, so make sure to carry around a cardigan with you for night or when it spontaneously rains though the precipitation level is 0%. Also, throwing on a cardigan over any shitty ol' outfit, will suddenly make you look more intelligent than you actually are. 5.) Clean Underwear - 'Cause Lord only knows what you're going to do with your current pair of underwear. 6.) Scrunchies - Ladies, you make fun of them, but you know you secretly love them. Who is going to hold back your hair when you're puking up all that free Hornito's in the Beauty Bar toliet? Not that DJ with the florescent bike cap. He's been eyeing the girl with the non-prescription horn-rimmed glasses that are over-taking her face all night. You always have a friend in the scrunchie.&nbsp; 7.) Fake Mustache - Because you don't want to feel left out in this city. 8.) Business Cards - Business cards legitimize you. Even if you have nothing to sell.&nbsp; 9.) Granola Bars - The nice thing about Austin is that we're not a bunch of assholes that bump up the price of everything while you're visiting. However, your eating times might be off and in order to not get wasted by 4PM, it's worth carrying some snacks around with you (Dear Lord. I sound like my mother). 10.) Water- Blah blah blah boring 11.) $1's - For when you wander off alone to the strip club near the airport during a drunken blackout. Right, Marcos? 12.) Air Mattress - Often enough couches are better than air mattresses. Most of the time you wake on the hard wood floor, the mattress having deflated like that of your hard-on after popping way too many Adderall. However, the couch might already be taken by the time you get there, so make sure you come prepared.&nbsp; 13.) Chapstic k - Because by the end of the night, your mouth is going to look like that of a crusty crack addict. 14.) Condoms 15.) Diana Camera - To commemorate the night you get shit-faced with Bill Murray or corner David Byrne up against a wall and explain to him how you two were always meant to be together...in lo-fi. Not that long ago, I received an email from an Austin-based musician very eloquently sharing with me the day he realized he was a hipster. His words were poignant, describing his realization as though he was suddenly inflicted with an incurable disease- Hipstermystalacosis. I related to his story and I think you will too. When I was thirteen and running around in suspenders and non-prescription eyeglasses, I knew there was a name for me. For years I fought the label, but gave up my denial of being a hipster when I christened the name of my blog Hipstercrite. Now when someone calls me a hipster, I shake my head in agreement. I am a hipster and probably always will be. Hipsters, stand up tall! Unite! Dear Lauren, I've been an admirer of your page for a few months. I was linked through "TapeBombs," a music blog run by an acquaintance of mine. Like you, I am dangerously preoccupied with hipsterism and spend a good deal of my day confronting the issue. The reason I am mailing is because I think I represent an interesting case study: a person caught in the paralyzing fear of his latent hipsterism and shocked into his true identity by a harrowing event. Here is my account: I was riding my bike down Duval and the sun was out. At this point I believed firmly in my individuality. Of course, my handlebar wrap matched my brake housing, and the same with the metal cages that held my water bottles; all were red. I wore purple shoes and no helmet. The memory of a triumphant sexual encounter arose quickly, then left. I was pleased with my performance and didn't dwell on the details, didn't analyze a thing. I only recalled the sensations and sounds that make good sex memorable. The day was warm. Readjusting my fingers on bar, I found them to be quite cool; I hadn't begun to sweat. The best part of the ride. In the first few seconds of what would be the minute and a half that changed my life, I didn't recognize the origin of the rumble, growing closer, rapidly becoming a roar, like the slow onset of a far off thunderclap. The sound came from the twin tail pipes of a Chevy Diesel truck. Suddenly, they were upon me. As I turned down a steep hill near 51st and Lamar, I was forced against the curb. The huge wheels of the truck kicked up dust and rocks and I was struck by a few of them. A large white male leaned out of the passenger window, ejecting a thimble-full of spit across the front of my shirt. A beer bottle whizzed over my head. I felt like a frightened Russian Hussar riding against Napoleon, holding out my hand as if to protect myself from the zip of bullets and the whistle of passing artillery. At this point, about a foot separated my handle-bars and the side of the truck. After a few more terrifying seconds, the truck sped up quickly, finishing the descent and pulling into a parking lot at the bottom of the hill. I knew what they had in mind. But remember, I was not some pussy hipster. I was not androgynous. I was a man. That archaic sense of honor strengthened me. Four men stepped out (the type of men who buy their groceries at the county feed store). They came at me from thirty yards away, not running, but at a kind of a trot, like this was a leisure activity. I lept off of my bike and approached them in the middle of the lot. I put my dukes up, lithely shifting from side to side with the assured stance of an experienced boxer. I think they sensed my confidence, baseless as it was. They stopped about ten feet away. I held my ground. Each wore what looked to be an Ed Hardy tee. Only I didn't sense the danger then. I was like a cornered puma, fiercer because death clears away the vale of fear. Underneath the decorated tees, the four mens limbs were taut and ready. One word, one altered expression would have uncapped that explosive energy. But there was silence. The crack of bat, followed by childrens laughter, echoed from the top of the hill. We measured one another. It was the leader who broke the silence. His followers relaxed. The engagement was apparently broken off, or at least postponed for a moment. He said, " Fuck you, limp dicked hipster." His friends didn't laugh, but chimed in. "Pussy! Hipster! Faggot!" I didn't reply. I had relaxed my stance. The passenger side agitator spat at me again, but missed. Twenty seconds later the truck was gone and I was left alone in the bright sun. My world view was completely fucking shattered. What passed through my mind as I gingerly pedaled home was not so much the glorious afterglow of a manly confrontation, but the providential nature of my lot in life. I knew that, so far as the outside world was concerned, I was a hipster. Whatever innate qualities I possessed were in dichotomous opposition to a certain portion of society, whose hatred of my "type" acted as a form of self-actualization. This tension was absolutely necessary, and in a larger sense, determined my ultimate role in history. I still have not recovered, not fully. Now, when I listen to my own music, songs like "Don't Try and Take My Guns," "Burning Panties," and "You Should Start A Band," I do not hear the voice of myself, but someone who struggles to hide the mark of an old wound. And while I am ashamed and at times it all seems clownish and sad, I remember that this is what makes good art - that is, fear and its poignant beauty, like a shivering mouse you've caught in a beam of light. My story is that of the reluctant hipster. In your word, "pretending we're not hipsters is what we do best." In this way, I am surely the most resourceful of hipsters. But, unlike so many others, it has enriched my art and given me a new purpose; or more nearly, an enhanced clarity of vision. Sincerely, Marshall Galactic of The Frontier Brothers Marshall Galatic is from the Austin-based band The Frontier Brothers . You can catch them during SXSW at these shows: Mar 16 2010 8:00P Chupacabra Cantina - From the Mind of Adi Showcase w/Peter and the Wolf Mar 18 2010 1:00P 21st St Co-op Dayparty w/Motel Aviv, Black Taxi, and Federal! State! Local! Mar 18 2010 5:00 P Good Danny¡¯s Dayparty @ Mi Casa Cantina w/Low Line Caller, Brass Bed Mar 19 2010 9:00P Hyde Park Grill South - CitizenMusic Presents: A NYC Mixer w/Outernational, The Bloodsugars Mar 21 2010 2:00P Domy Books - What by Whatever Party w/Eastern Sea, Black Taxi, and BLSH Hey Everyone, Things are kind of nutty here with SXSW, so while I work on a bunch of posts for next week, please read a little love letter I wrote to Austin a few months ago. Stopped at a traffic light last Friday afternoon, I glanced up at a familiar restaurant marquee that usually carried a quip relating to the latest music festival/bike rally/music rally/bike festival in Austin that week. However, this time the words bore a different sentiment: "Go Texas! Win it for Leslie !" The light turned green and I found myself driving south down Congress Avenue with tears pooling at the bottom of my eyelids. Every Austinite knows who Leslie is. He is the city mascot. The epitome of what makes Austin unique. For those who do not know him, Leslie Cochran is a homeless man who wears a leopard print thong. He has run for city mayor multiple times and has been reviewed 53 times on Yelp . He is an extremely articulate and sweet-natured man. No one has a bad thing to say about Leslie. Which is why it's so surprising that unnamed assailants beat Leslie to unconsciousness two weeks ago. Leslie was in bad shape and listed in critical condition. The townspeople formed a vigil and the local news gave daily updates on his health. It was looking like Leslie was not going to make it, but miraculously he pulled through and was released from the hospital last week. He has since thanked the locals for their support, stating that he would have not made it through otherwise. Though a percentage of his medical bills have been taken care of, there will be a fundraiser on November 1st to help pay the rest. By the time I read the sign last Friday, I knew that Leslie was alive and well. What made me tear up was the realization that I live in a town that cares immensely for an eccentric homeless man. It's also a city where that same homeless man can run for mayor multiple times and still get thousands of votes. Last month marked my one year anniversary of moving to Austin. I moved here with no road map and only what I could fit in my car. The plan was to stay a few months and then see where my ADD took me next. However, whatever energy that made me curious enough to move here has made me stay here. I could tell after my first night in Austin that I was someplace special and I haven't wanted to leave since. Each day this city inspires me more and more and at moments I can honestly say that I'm in love (that could also be because I haven't had a boyfriend in a long time). So in honor of this city that took me in with open arms after fleeing a tumultuous relationship with Los Angeles, I will begin using this blog for part-time Austin "goings-on", part-time hipstercrite musings. not sure who the owner of this picture is, but thanks Everyone ought to have a Lower East Side in their lif e- Irving Berlin The East Side has typically been synonymous with art, culture, history, and grit. When we venture through LES in NYC or Wicker Park in Chicago or Silver Lake in Los Angeles, we feel like we've stepped back into time, that we're not necessarily welcome, and that at any moment something wonderful or terrible might happen. This also goes for Austin's east side. A vibrant and fascinating part of the city, Eastside boasts eclectic eateries, trendy bars, and dozens of notable art galleries all maintaining the feel of a bygone era. Chances are you'll be spending some time over on the Eastside during SXSW and if so, you might want to know where to eat (if you aren't stuffed full of free breakfast tacos supplied at the parties). Here is a list of some of the best East Austin restaurants, cafes, and bars: Best Pizz a: East Side Pies 1401 Rosewood Ave. Many will say that Homeslice on SoCo is the best pizza in Austin, but they're embarrassingly wrong. East Side Pies is hands down the best and most imaginative pizza around. Try their Veggie Nacho pizza topped with spicy black bean sauce, onion, tomatoes, jalapenos, and avocados. Or their Blue Moon which is a tomato-less pizza topped with feta, mozzarella, ricotta, goat, romano , and blue cheeses. They also supply delicious salads, blondie brownies, and bottled sodas. The staff is awesomely sassy and the place is a little small and very busy, so make sure you don't dilly-dally. Price: Cheese slice $2.50/Meat or veggie slice $3.00 Best Vegan/Vegetarian: Mr. Natural 1901 E. Cesar Chavez One of two Mr. Natural locations in Austin, this restaurant is conveniently located in the heart of the east side. Both a restaurant and a health food store, Mr. Natural supplies an assortment of food options ranging from a vegan/vegetarian lunch and dinner bar that changes daily to delicious baked goods to cakes to homemade juices. Absolutely worth trying is the Soya Guisada on Fridays and the vegan mint chocolate cupcake. You will never think of veganism the same way again. Price: Lunch buffet $7.99, pastries range from .75-$3.50 Best Mexican : Juan in a Million 2300 E. Cesar Chavez This was a hard category to decide in. I like a lot of Mexican food on the Eastside : Aranda's simplicity, El Chile's creativity, and all the taco trailers in between. I chose Juan in a Million because it's the most famous Mexican food restaurant on the Eastside , having been featured on the Travel Channel's Man vs. Food and Countdown Chowdown . Juan in a Million is most famous for their "Don Juan", a potato, bacon, egg, and cheese scramble that, which I believe, has been cooked on the same griddle for over twenty years. It's also $3.60 and could last you two days! The atmosphere is quaint, but make sure to go at off times. Especially on the weekend, lines can form down the sidewalk! Price: The Don Juan $3.60 Best Sandwich: Bossa Nova 2121 E. 6 th St. Located across the street from the Lance Armstrong Foundation, this Brazilian eatery has some of the best food on the east side. Don't let the fact that it's Brazilian scare you away- their menu is plentiful and delicious while still being unique. My favorite sandwich (when I eat meat) is the Misto Tudo which has turkey, ham, sliced egg, green olives, palm, and mozzarella. Or the Salada de Maca with romaine, apples, cranberries, walnuts, blue cheese, and balsamic dressing. Price: Lunch Special- any 1/2 sandwich or pizza slice with a side salad or soup $6.99 Best Coffee : Texas Coffee Trader s 1400 E. 4 th St. Texas Coffee Traders is quite possible my favorite place to visit on the Eastside . Often overlooked due to the fact that it's housed in a warehouse, this place is not to be missed. A Disneyland for the coffee connoisseur, Texas Coffee Traders has rows and rows of unique coffee to taste and buy. Typically a place to get your coffee in bulk, the friendly staff will fix you up a cup of cappuccino or tea while you wait. However, this year for SXSW, the store will be setting up a coffee stand on the corner of 4th and Navasota, so make sure to check them out! These guys will remind you of why you love Austin. Most Romantic: Justine's 4710 E. 5 th St. Justine's is relatively new to the Eastside , but a wonderful addition. Situated in an old house, the ambiance of Justine's is quaint and warm. One enters below a vintage neon sign onto a front yard draped with string lights and tables. Inside the dark wood and vaulted ceiling of the house make for a cozy atmosphere. Justine's is a great place to grab a drink or dine in. Inspired by French cuisine, my favorites include the Endive Poire Rouqefort Salade (endives, rouqefort , walnuts, and pear) and the Steak Tartare . Price: Endive Poire Rouqefort Salade $8.50, Steak Tartare $14 Most Metropolitan: East Side Show Room 1100 E. 6 th St. East Side Show Room is also a relatively new to the Eastside . Channeling a 1920's feel, the bar/restaurant showcases vintage furniture and fixtures, local art, and some of the best lighting in town. East Side Show Room is also one of the best places to see and be seen these days. The menu is a little steep, but definitely creative and delicious. Their curried grits and greens is a must, as is their Barbequed Quail and Oranges. Price: Curried Grits &amp; Greens $9, Barbequed Quail &amp; Oranges $18 Most Chill: Rio Rita 1308 E. 6 th St. Rio Rita has quickly become of of my favorite hangout spots on the Eastside . Cafe by day, lounge by night, this funky bar looks like an explosion went off in a vintage furniture store. Rio Rita serves a collection of local food, infused vodkas, and mystery beers. On Monday night you can listen to your own 45 for "Love and a 45" night or bring your crayons and glue for "Arts and Drafts" night on Thursdays. This is definitely a great place to kick back and mingle with the quirkiest of the bunch. Price: Ham &amp; Brie sandwich $6.50, Turkey &amp; Cranberry on a Croissant $6.50 Photo source: Yelp.com Do you have that one dress, one pair of hot pants, or that one hat that always compels people to stop you, grab you arm, and say in a low voice, "Where on Earth did you get that?" Well I just found me a pair of socks that garnered lots of comments at Whole Foods yesterday ('cause you have to look good when you go to Whole Foods). And an awkward run-in with a security guard at Wells Fargo. The security guard was sitting on a bench, and I think she quietly said, "I like your boots" (meaning she liked my awesome kick-ass lace-up slippers) as I walked by. I didn't quite hear what she said, so I turned and gave a slight smile. The sort of smile that says, "I have no idea if you were talking to me or not, but here, here is a half smile to sort of acknowledge what you said". I started obsessing over whether or not she was talking to me and I started to sweat. I wanted to walk up to her and say, "Thank you!", but the time for that had past and I started to rock back and forth in line. When I left the bank and nodded to her, she stared at me stone-faced and I was convinced that she now hated me for giving her a half-ass smile in return for her very sweet compliment. So you wanna know what socks will get you compliments at Whole Foods and awkward Larry David-like situations at banks? The Lacy Lace-up Slipper Socks by Sock Theory . The best part? They're $7. They also come in white. Make sure to check out Sock Theory' s broad collection of unique socks, leg warmers, arm warmers, knee-highs, and panty-hose. Definitely my new favorite online store. Here are few pics of me wearing my new lace-up's. I had to cut my head out because the sun was so bright yesterday, between my squinting and scrunched up mouth while squinting, I looked like what would happen if Renee Zellweger and Sloth procreated. Also, I don't shine my shoes. Obs. First post in my Austin, TX series for SXSW It's that time of year again. The time of year where you stock up on your Adderall or Xanax or Xantac or horse tranquilizers and set your Facebook tagged photos to private. South by Southwest Interactive and Film will be starting this Friday, with the music portion beginning next Wednesday. What does that mean for you? That means your chances of getting drunk with Bill Murrary or hooking up with a hipster from Brooklyn who is in a band with the words "bear", "deer", "neon", "gold", or "black" in it have just improved. If you're new to Austin, here is a list of traits that make our town so unique. Come and join the fun! 1.) The entire city collectively waits with bated breath for the Groupon of the day. 2.) At anytime in anyplace, your chances of hearing New Order playing on the sound system are 2 to 1. 3.) We treat music festivals like national holidays (and we really don't have a choice). 4.) Overhear conversations that start with, (person looking at their Iphone), "Oh, looks like Brooklyn Vegan is following me on Twitter. Cool." (overhear= I said it yesterday). 5.) Facebook comments like, "There is a little kids choir singing Flaming Lips and Wilco at my place of employment right now." 6.) Every single person has a mustache and we have competitions once a month to see who has the best. Photo by Alison Narro 7.) A 24 hour pecan vending machine in the middle of nowhere. 8.) We eat migas for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and we can tell you exactly where in town the best migas are located. 9.) The rivers in Austin are made of beer and you can often find us knelt in the river bed, stuffing our goard like Augustus Gloop in Willy Wonka. 10.) We quietly judge each other on the make of our bicycles and nothing else. 11.) The older and more worn your clothing is, the more street cred you have. 12.) We do a lot of our business out of Airstream trailers. Mostly for aesthetic purposes. The South by Southwest Festival in Austin, TX will be starting this Friday. I plan on devoting most of the week to Austin and SXSW posts. However, I haven't written a single thing yet! In the meantime, please enjoy this gallery of Maurizio Cattelan's work. I learnt of Cattelan this weekend while in Houston. The Menil Collection is currently exhibiting some of his pieces. I'm still brewing what I think about him. What are your thoughts? You have nine followers, and one of them is your mother. You wonder why the hell you're even blogging. You speculate if anyone will ever read your words. You ponder if life is worth living. Well look no further! Listed below are twelve sure-fire ways to drive traffic to your blog and instantly boost your self-worth. 1.) Join Blogging Network Sites - The best blog networking website is Twenty-Something Bloggers. Hands down. Joining 20sb opened up a whole new world for me. Before then, I had no idea how to discover other blogs. 20sb is a supportive and strong community of like-minded bloggers. I can't recommend it enough. Other blogging networks include Blog Lovin ', Blog Her , BlogCatalog , and My Blog Log . 2.) Write Interesting Content - As much as want to go into great detail about your recent trip to the dentist or how you wrapped your Christmas gifts, refrain from it. Truthfully, nobody cares. Unless the dentist had a boner while performing your root canal or you lobbed off your finger while cutting wrapping paper for you gifts...then we might be interested. Humor is a guaranteed way to enter the hearts of millions. Take for example Hyperbole-and-a-Half . You could learn a lot from her. 3.) Write About A Trend Topic - I don't adhere to this rule at all, but it's definitely a way to create buzz on your blog. Commenting on the cultural importance of "Jersey Shore" or how Justin Bieber looks like he should be on the "L Word" is a good way to start a convo. 4.) Befriend Other Bloggers - The blogging community is a tight-knit one. I have met people that I'm convinced sat next to me at the Algonquin Roundtable in another life. These people have encouraged me to grow as a writer and have supported and advertised my work. I wouldn't be where I am today without them and I try to do the same for them. As The Beatles once said, "The love you take is equal to the love you make". 5.) Leave Comments - Bloggers love comments like Mickey Rourke loves ghastly printed button-ups. Our self-esteem begins to slowly hinge on how many comments are left on our blog a day. If you comment on our blog, we will love you forever and most likely return the favor. 6.) Brand Yourself- The general consensus on this seems to be "yucky", but I disagree. The more polished the blog is, the greater the chance a reader will take it more seriously, no? Having a "brand" shows the world that you are legit. Does it take away from the personal aspect of blogging? Sometimes. But this is where you have to get clever in how you brand yourself. Subliminal branding. 7.) Photos! - Photos are a win-win all 'round. Photos grab attention. Photos can often work in substitute of text (Tumblr?). Photos can inspire. I try to put a picture in every single one of my posts, even if it's not necessary. Like a picture of my ass. 8.) Lists - We seem to really like lists. They're easy to read and typically very visual. Remember, the average internet reader's attention span is like 45 seconds (I made that up). It's kind of true though. Think of some of your favorite posts on Buzzfeed or EW.com . Short and sweet lists. 9.) Connect With Your Audience- One of the most talked ideas running through the marketing world these days is Lady Gaga's rise to fame due in part to her fan interaction and loyalty. DoDo like GaGa. Also, the blogs that appear to have the most comments are blogs where the writer shares a part of him/herself with the readers in the post, then interacts with them via the comment box. Personal is good, but don't forget rule #2. 10.) Self Promote, But Only 20% Of The Time - Nobody likes a showoff. However, who is going to know about your blog if you don't say anything? I know some very humble bloggers who haven't even told anyone that they have a blog! You have to walk a fine line here. Tweet or FB that you have a new post up, but don't send personal messages to strangers telling them to check out your blog. Nobody likes that. In fact, we'll purposely not go check out your blog. 11.) Believe That Your Traffic Will Go Up- I know it can get discouraging at times, but don't give up. People want to hear what you have to say. If you believe that your blog will be successful, it most likely will. Power of suggestion. 12.) Post a Picture of Your Ass Keep me posted on your progress! I'm curious to hear.  Next week, I will be leaving my position with Boeing and trek to Boston to work for the MIT Lincoln Laboratory in Lexington, Ma. Earlier today I read my very first blog post and how I felt my first week here at Kennedy Space Center has not changed to this day. I will definitely miss everyone I've worked with, the awesome launches , and the space program! However, this does not mean I am giving up on my dream in becoming an astronaut. The blog will continue! :) I still plan on being very active in the community, stay a space advocate, and work towards a PhD. Right now, the direction of our space program is a little up in the air, but I know we'll get back on track. I'm also excited that I found a nearby judo club I am going to join so I can continue the sport. This endeavor will be exciting and I will be supporting the Engineering Analysis group on various projects. Next week is my last week, but I will definitely be blogging during the move process! Thanks to all for the support up to this point. It really means a lot to me!! While attempting to load propellant Friday night, a leak was detected in Discovery's RCS (Reaction Control System) Helium Isolation Value ? on the right-hand OMS (Orbital Maneuvering System) fuel system. Further testing and troubleshooting steps are being planned at the launch pad to examine two helium system regulators, which maintain pressure to the fuel tank and are further down the plumbing from the isolation valves. If the regulators are functioning correctly, which will be tested later this week when the necessary equipment is ready, engineers could determine Discovery can safely fly 'as-is' despite the isolation valve problem. If a repair or replacement to the valve is required, we would not be able to access it out at the pad...which means...rolling the shuttle back to the Vehicle Assembly Building, demating Discovery from its external fuel tank and solid rocket boosters, then towing Discovery to the Orbiter Processing Facility....AND removing the OMS pod. Even with the planned testing, the April 5 launch date still stands. It's what comes out of these test results that will determine if we need to roll back the shuttle which would cause a delay. SpaceX successfully fired the Falcon 9 rocket's nine Merlin engines for 3.5 seconds, completing a key preflight test before the privately-developed booster is cleared for launch in April. Ground test was one of the final steps before launch of the Falcon 9 , which is scheduled for no earlier than April 12. The static fire verified all of the launch pad's ground systems are ready to support the mission. Between now and launch, engineers will install the rocket's flight termination system charges that would destroy the vehicle if it flew off course and threatened the public. NASA awarded SpaceX a $1.6 billion contract to fly 12 operational Falcon 9 and Dragon missions to the International Space Station beginning in 2011. SpaceX plans a flight of the Dragon in July, followed by a rendezvous demonstration with the space station in November. But those schedules hinge on a timely and successful Falcon 9 test flight in April. "IMAX: Hubble 3D" debuts at the Air and Space Museum...we give it the "red carpet" treatment - checking out the movie, checking in with the astronaut stars, listening to the star who voiced it over - Leonardo DiCaprio, and weighing in with the director and the NASA brass about the wow-factor of the IMAX experience. Also: a Falcon 9 "hot fire" disappoints, the shuttle program manager says "no problem" for shuttle to keep flying, and safely -- it's only a question of money -- and Obama gets ready to speak up for his controversial new plan for NASA...and braces for what promises to be a firestorm of protest at planned April 15 conference on the future of America's space program. Discovery is currently at Launch Pad 39A. Launch of STS-131 is targeted for April 5, 2010 at 6:27 a.m. This past week, the STS-131 astronaut crew went through a mock countdown/dress rehearsal to prepare themselves for their actual launch date operations. The external tank that will be used for STS-132 (Shuttle Atlantis - targeted launch on May 14, 2010) arrived last week and was transferred to the Vehicle Assembly Building. You may have heard some talk effecting Endeavour's planned July launch. An issue related to the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer-02 payload testing is threatening a delay to STS-134¡¯s slot in the manifest, to the point it may slip behind STS-133, or even as far as 2011 in a worst case scenario. However, no decision will be made on the schedule until after additional testing results and the launch of STS-131 in April. Read more.. here . The next step in ground testing SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket will be a hotfire of the first stage engines. The launch team will ignite the nine Merlin 1C engines for three-and-a-half seconds during the test. Hot fire is targeted for late morning or early afternoon, tomorrow. Lift-off of the rocket could occur late this month, but more likely early April. Florida's Space Coast braces for layoffs, Buzz Aldrin muses on the next steps for NASA and his upcoming stint on "Dancing with the Stars," plus other headlines from This Week In Space. Yesterday I attended the Space Coast's Society of Women Engineers Awards Banquet. I was nominated for the Distinguish New Woman Engineer award. We had guest speaker Dr. Cammy R. Abernathy (Dean, College of Engineering of University of Florida and Professor of Materials Science and Engineering) who gave a great insight about the economic shift in society that has effected the engineering disciplines within universities and industry. I was selected to receive the award in the category I was nominated for. It was a great honor accepting this award last night and being surrounded by so many women who embrace leadership and give back to their community. I have had great support and encouragement from my mentors who have helped shape me professionally throughout my career. One thing I have learned for sure is that you can never have too many mentors. I learn a variety of qualities from the different people I look up to. The ceremony was fantastic and I was amazed in the technical leadership of all the nominees. Below are the names of all the honorees that were recognized last night. Nominees for Space Coast Distinguished New Woman Engineer of the Year Mrs. Susie Allen-Sierpinski Ms. Arianna Aron Ms. Jessica Beahn Lt. Sofia Calica Ms. Patricia Del Rio Mrs. Megan Jaunich Ms. Brigette Linville-Padgett Ms. Melissa Mierzwa Ms. Erin Mulholland Mrs. Rye Myers Ms. Tzvetelina Petrova Ms. Tamalyn Resnick Ms. Amanda Sandberg Ms. Damaris Sarria - recipient Ms. Nicole Titus Ms. Jessica Towslee Ms. Sarah Walden Nominees for Space Coast Technical Achievement Award Capt. Shana Figueroa Ms. Helen Garcia Ms. Catherine Kammerer - recipient Ms. Barbara Kerschner Ms. Catheryn Logan Ms. Teresa Sauter Mrs. Carlyn Smith Mrs. Marcella Solomon Nominees for Space Coast Outstanding Woman Engineer of the Year Award Ms. Beta Alfonso Capt. Meredith Beg Ms. Maria Groh-Hammond Mrs. Kimberly Guodace Mrs. Janice Jingle Ms. Catherine Kammerer Ms. Barbara Kerschner Ms. Kathy McLaughlin Mrs. Elaine Seiler Mrs. Consuela Smith - recipient Ms. Nancy Szpara Ms. Denise Thaller I want another baby. I really do. Yassine-not so much.But he may not have to worry-at least not if Martin Kramer has his way. The current fellow at Harvard¡¯s Weatherhead Center for International Affairs has suggested I -and other Palestinian women from Gaza- should deliberately be stopped from having babies because chances are, they will be grow up to be radicals.According to the Electronic Intifada, who first broke the story last week, Kramer offered this fasinating piece of solicited advice in the annual Herzliyah Conference in Israel earlier this month in which he called on ¡°the West¡± to take measures to limit the births of Muslim Palestinians of Gaza and consider them a form of terrorism, or, as Kramer puts it, ¡°extreme demographic armament¡±. He also praised the unconscionable Israeli siege for getting the ball rolling already and reducing the numbers of Palestinian babies there (see: infanticide; Gaza Diet). If your skin didn¡¯t curl watching the audience clap at the end of that video, well, save your soul somehow.Family Planning, the Martin Kramer way Kramer¡¯s argument: Gaza is a cauldron of crazy;  You may have heard the announcement yesterday, via WWD , that Madonna and Dolce &amp; Gabbana , after a very successful pairing for their 2010 advertising campaign , have collaborated on a new line of eyewear called MDG, featuring six designs (shown above). Three of the six styles are shown below (images courtesy of Dolce &amp; Gabbana and Swide magazine ) The 6 pairs of glasses will be distributed by Luxottica and feature an MDG logo on the temple. The "M" of the MDG symbol is filled with little stars, very Madonna. The chic shades will be in D&amp;G stores in May. They will retail from 180 to 210 euros or around $250 to $290. Floating around the net have been some screen stills (shown below) of the upcoming campaign for the new eyewear shot by Steven Klein , who has long worked with Madonna for D&amp;G as well as other projects. The advertising campaign is said to be breaking in May. This is not the only fashion design venture Madonna has embarked upon. The Material girl and her daughter, Lourdes, have designed a line of clothes for juniors that will launch at Macy's this coming August. press release: "MATERIAL GIRL" JUNIOR COLLECTION TO DEBUT THIS FALL NEW YORK, March 10, 2010 (PRNewswire via COMTEX) the newly formed joint venture between Madonna and Iconix Brand Group, Inc., (Nasdaq: ICON) announced its first direct-to-retail license agreement with Macy's, Inc. for the "Material Girl" collection. "Material Girl" is a newly created, fast-fashion junior collection that will launch exclusively in approximately 200 Macy's stores and online at www.macys.com in August 2010 for the back-to-school season. As part of the direct-to-retail agreement, Macy's will have the opportunity to launch additional brands with MG Icon in the future. The "Material Girl" collection was inspired and designed in collaboration with Madonna and her daughter Lourdes, along with Iconix Brand Group 's in-house fashion department. > above: Madonna with daughter Lourdes In addition to the back-to-school apparel collection, "Material Girl" will also launch in multiple categories including footwear, handbags and jewelry. The collection will retail from $12.00 to $40.00, comparative with pricing strategies at junior specialty stores. The strategy for growth will include additional categories in the lifestyle and beauty sectors, including fragrance, beginning 2011 as well as a rollout into additional Macy's stores. Neil Cole, CEO and Chairman, Iconix, stated, "We are excited to announce the first in a series of new brands that will be developed under our partnership with Madonna. 'Material Girl' has a powerful retail partner in Macy's and we look forward to working together to deliver an innovative launch for our consumers." "We believe that 'Material Girl' will be a dynamic exclusive brand for Macy's, and we look forward to working with Madonna, Lourdes and the Iconix team. Madonna is a fashion icon who can bring a new dimension to our juniors customer," said Jeff Gennette, Macy's chief merchandising officer. "'Material Girl' will enhance the excitement of fast fashion at Macy's." Be sure to see all the amazing images from Steven Klein's 2010 Dolce &amp; Gabbana advertising campaign with Madonna here: ?Steven Klein Brings Out Madonna's Best For 2010 Dolce &amp; Gabbana Ad Campaign http://ifitshipitshere.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss above: individually hand carved crayons that represent the 12 symbols of the Chinese Zodiac. I can't seem to get enough of the very talented Diem Chau 's unusual work. While her porcelain work is amazing, it's her carved crayola crayons that continue to blow me away. I have blogged about her carved crayons in the past , but recently she tackled the 12 signs of the Chinese Zodiac which are now on exhibit at the Packer Schopf Gallery in Chicago along with many of her ceramic works in a show named Sojourn. First, the 12 symbols of the Chinese Zodiac: Now, Diem Chau's Zodiac Crayons: She began with the monkey on the far right (note how she wrote on the crayons which was to become which animal): and once they were finished, she mounted each carved crayon on a wood pedestal for exhibition: above: all twelve Chinese Zodiac crayons, finished and mounted. I have close ups and detailed images of all but the Dog, Dragon, Horse, Ox, and Rabbit. The Goat: The Monkey: The Pig: The Rat: The Rooster: The Snake: and this year, the Tiger: all images are courtesy of the artist . Be sure to check out her porcelain pieces in the following show: SOJOURN Packer Schopf Gallery February 19th - March 27th 942 W. Lake Chicago, IL 60607 312.226.8984 Diem Chau http://ifitshipitshere.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss above photo by Eman Mohammed Photo District News has just published their picks for 2010 Choice of New and Emerging Photographers to Watch and there's certainly a lot of wonderful talent out there. Take a look. above background photo by yang yi Below is the article by Conor Risch for PDN, followed by images from each of the 30 photographers and links to their personal sites. Look at the photographers in this year¡¯s PDN¡¯s 30 class and you¡¯ll find a solid refutation of the idea that ¡°everyone is a photographer now.¡± Did ¡°everyone¡± move to Beijing to freelance for the AP with no financial guarantee like Danfung Dennis? Or live out of a mini-van so they could create a major project like Scott Conarroe? Or defy social norms to become one of the only female photojournalists from Gaza like Eman Mohammed? Is ¡°everyone¡± willing to be as patient as Alex Prager, who put on her own shows when gallerists ignored her? Does ¡°everyone¡± have 2,250 followers on Flickr like Ben Roberts? Perseverance and determination are common to all these photographers but equally notable is the individuality of their interests and styles. These photographers have produced long-term projects on music scenes (Lauren Dukoff), orthodox Hasidic communities (Cl¨¦mence De Limburg), and a mother¡¯s paranoid schizophrenia (Sohrab Hura). They have used the visual language of gritty reportage to shoot cookbooks (Gabriel Stabile) and created photojournalism based on ¡°a sense of feeling¡± (Andy Spyra). They have used modern image-making techniques to lament the destruction of a centuries-old city (Yang Yi). They tell stories that matter to them in ways that make them matter to viewers. Yes, it¡¯s true: a lot more people are taking pictures now than when PDN was founded 30 years ago. But only a very small percentage of those people are photographers. We salute these 30 individuals, who are helping to define what being a photographer means today. ¡ªConor Risch Click on each artist's name below (shown in alphabetical order) to visit their website or portfolio. levi brown: alejandro cartagena: scott conarroe: sumit dayal: clemence de limburg: gratiane de moustier: danfung dennis: lauren dukoff: matt eich: matthieu gafsou: marcelo gomes: deborah hamon: estelle hanania: ben hoffmann: sohrab hura: wayne lawrence: brent lewin: eman mohammed: adrian mueller: nick onken: alex prager: thomas prior: ben roberts: anna skladmann: andy sprya: gabriele stabile: peter van agtmael: elizabeth weinberg: yang yi: reed young: You can view more pieces from each of these 30 photographers at PDN's online gallery here. The team behind PDN's 30: above, left to right: Amber Terranova, Conor Risch, Jacqueline Tobin, Holly Stuat Hughes and Darren Ching. PDN thanks the sponsors of PDN's 30, Kodak and Sony, for their support of this issue and of the PDN's 30 educational programs. Special thanks to the American Society of Media Photographers, who are giving on-year merit membership to each of this year's 30. http://ifitshipitshere.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss High-end German eyewear company Mykita teamed up once again with irreverent men's fashion designer Romain Kremer for a very unusual (one might even say 'ugly') pair of sunglasses named The YURI in their latest 2010-2011 collection. above photo only, courtesy of highsnobiety The helmet-like sunglasses' appearance makes sense when you realize they are named after Cosmonaut Yuri A. Gagarin, the first man in space. Designed to protect your eyes as well as your brain. Close up photos by Sonny Vandevelde Runway photos by Shoji Fujii for Romain Kremer all info and images courtesy of the Mykita blog http://ifitshipitshere.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss No, I'm not talking about just adding your own label or uploading a picture to the wrapper. I'm talking about truly creating your own chocolate bars from scratch. above: three examples of possible options for your own created chocolate bars chocri is a German startup, founded in September 2008, but launched in the US in January 2010. What they do is we allow you to customize your own chocolate bar right on their website. You start with an organic Belgian chocolate base of milk, white or dark chocolate and then choose from a selection of over 100 of gourmet, organic and exotic ingredients (fruit, grains, nuts, spices, confections and decor). If you don't know anything about ingredients, they also offer many recommended combinations and options to make the selection simple. Once you've chosen or built your bar, you can name it (they print the name and the ingredients on the package), and then they hand-make the bars in Germany and ship them off to you. From bacon to blueberries, pretzels to pecans, you can be as adventurous or as safe as you'd like. I made three to test them out (shown below). One was dark chocolate with real orange bits and orange chocolate drops, another was milk chocolate, pecans and toffee and the third was milk chocolate with organic salted pretzels and caramel chocolate drops. And yes, they are, er.... were, delicious. So, how do you do it? You start with your choice of milk, white or dark chocolate as the base: Then you are walked through the process to choose as many or as few additives as you wish from the following options (click on each image below to enlarge): Choose your fruit: Your spices: Your nuts: Your confections: Your decor: Your grains: There's no minimum. You can choose to make one bar or one hundred bars. Once you've selected your ingredients for your chocolate bar(s), they print the name you choose and the ingredients on the individual package, then ship them right to your door. They use only the best ingredients, such as organic, fair trade chocolate from Belgium. Making them even more delicious is the fact that they also donate a percentage of otheir revenues to DIV Kinder, an organization that supports children at the Ivory Coast, and you are free to add your own donation at checkout. above: the Chocri team What are you waiting for? With Easter and Mother's Day right around the corner, these would make awesome gifts. Get started here. If you like chocolate, you'll love this: The Art of Chocolate. Oops, Reverse That. http://ifitshipitshere.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss Conde Nast UK's LOVE magazine is a bi-annually fashion forward publication that launched in February 2009. Filled with edgy and artful photography by such well-known photographers as Terry Richardson, Mario Testino, Josh Olins, David Sims, S?lve Sundsb?, Juergen Teller, Angelo Pannetta and of course, Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott, the magazine is light on editorial and heavy on nude models. For their third issue, they featured 8 different covers of nude supermodels Lara Stone, Jeneil Williams, Amber Valletta, Naomi Campbell, Kristen McMenemy, Daria Werbowry, Natalia Vodianova and Kate Moss with strategically placed censor bars. The magazine also includes editorial shots of the same models baring all. above: Kristen McMenamy from the interior editorial in the magazine Shot by talented and respected fashion photographers Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott , and styled by Katie Grand, the magazine's 3rd issue and its 8 covers were very hyped. The Gap (UK) even proposed a limited edition Tee of each of the 8 covers: The T-shirts went on sale now at Dover Street Market in London and Colette in Paris, priced ¡ê30 and quickly sold out. All profits from the GAP LOVE tee shirts went to support Haiti. The one exception was Kate Moss' tee, whose profits went to Great Ormond Street, a UK children's charity. All 8 covers are shown below, along with a few of the very risqu¨¦, but stunning editorial shots. As artful as they are, this makes this post inappropriate for those under 18. Please view with discretion. above: the first projected cover with Lara Stone, and the original photo, prior to deciding to put the censor bars over the naughty bits. The covers were then published as below: Lara Stone Jeneil Williams Daria Werbowy Kristen McMenamy Amber Valletta Kate Moss Naomi Campbell Natalia Vodianova The images of the same models, inside, however are not censored and here are a few of those photos for you. Lara Stone: Naomi Campbell: Kate Moss: There are more very sexy, very naked models within. And yes, you can see all of those here at Huffington post. Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott also shot the magazine's very first cover, shown below: all photos courtesy of models.com and LOVE A special collectors set of all 8 magazine covers is available at info.love@condenast.co.uk LOVE Magazine LOVE magazine's blog Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott http://ifitshipitshere.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss Yes, it's for real. My first reaction was "eeeeuuuuwww", then "hmmmmm", followed by "naaaah." But others may claw their way to this new social networking site that capitalizes on the growing trend of older women dating (seducing?) younger men. The brains behind the concept, Shelli Netko, the founder and president of Cougars &amp; Co. says: "My main goal in starting Cougars &amp; Co. was to create an environment where women could learn to love the life they live and live the life the love. After all, age is just a number. Recent surveys show 34% of women in their 40s date men who are younger and 17% of women in their 50s do the same. This isn't just a trend, it's a new social norm that both women and men are obviously embracing. Women are gravitating to younger men because they seem to have more of an energetic spirit that matches theirs. Women are taking better care of themselves, as a result, 40 is the new 30; 50 is the new 40. So the age difference becomes a non-issue. You don't have to be a Hollywood star to go out with someone 10 or 15 years your junior, but God Bless Demi Moore for bringing it into the spot light!" above: the world's most well-known Cougar and Cub; stunning actress Demi Moore and her hottie husband, Ashton Kutcher. The press release: The dating jungle just became that much wilder with the recently launched social networking company Cougars &amp; Co. The brainchild of Arizona entrepreneur Shelli Netko, Cougars &amp; Co. is a members-only online community where older women and younger men have the opportunity to meet, mix and mingle, shop and travel all in the name of fun. Cougars &amp; Co. getaways are for the cougar or cub in you who needs a little ¡°me¡± time ? think R&amp;R with a little bit of ¡°BAM!¡± ¡°The cougar and cub culture is a growing trend that is less concerned with age and focused on reinventing yourself at any age,¡± Netko said. ¡°While we plan to go nationwide with our charity bachelor auctions, we thought Scottsdale was the perfect place to introduce the Cougars &amp; Co. concept and begin our social network.¡± The site , which is now live, is offering an introductory $1 membership to those that join during the first month. After April 30, the monthly membership fee is $9.95. Members can join the hunt by creating a profile, joining groups, creating their own groups and initiating online connections. For members looking to get out, monthly happy hour events will be held and year-round getaway vacations for cougars and cubs will be organized. The Charity Bachelor Auction As part of the company kick-off, Cougars &amp; Co. is holding a charity bachelor auction on Thursday, April 1st in Scottsdale, AZ. Valley cougars will be pleased to see there's much more on the men-u than chips and dip when as many as 10 cubs (including a past contender for The Bachelorette) strut their stuff all in the name of charity. Proceeds from the event will benefit the Women's Wellness Center at St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Care. above: Greg Bilbro, (previously on "The Bachelorette") will be a bachelor in the Cougars &amp; Co. charity auction in Scottsdale Cougars &amp; Co. also offers clothing you can purchase from their site , such as the two examples below. And they will be adding more merchandise soon! Interested? Curious? Perversely Fascinated? Buy some merchandise, learn more or Sign up here. note: This is an updated version of the original post. all images and information courtesy of Cougars &amp; Co. http://ifitshipitshere.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss above portrait by Jeanloup Sieff , 1972. A retrospective of fashion legend Yves Saint Laurent opened yesterday at the Petit Palais in Paris, only two years after his death in 2008. The impressive retrospective covers 15 chapters of his career, its critical acclaim and occasional failures, including his 1971 forties-inspired "scandal collection", which was pummeled by critics at the time. above photos ý Fondation Pierre Berg¨¦ - Yves Saint Laurent The exhibit begins with his early work for Christian Dior and continues through to his last final collection, in 2002. In total, there are 307 pieces of couture and ready-to-wear fashions accompanied by films, artwork and photos. above: Yves Saint Laurent in his Dior studio above: Yves Saint Laurent in his own studio, 1986 Designs for Catherine Deneuve in the 1967 movie Belle de Jour , Lauren Bacall, and the Duchess Of Windsor are included as well as creations that were inspired by art, far away places (he is said to have used his imagination and preferred that to travel) and the glamour of Hollywood. Okay, so it's not as impressive as the actual show, but here's a little retrospective I put together for you (in case you can't get to the Petit Palais) of many of the key pieces from his numerous and varied collections, in chronological order, along with some art and photos from the exhibit: 1958 (for Dior): 1958 and 1960 (for Dior): 1960 and 1962 : 1965 (the famous Mondrian dress and a tribal inspired Raffia dress) : 1966 (lower left was for the YSL Rive Gauche Collection): 1967 (for Catherine Deneuve in Belle De Jour , for which he designed all her outfits): Miss Deneuve with the designer: 1967 and 1968 : 1968 and 1969 (for the Duchess of Windsor): 1969 and 1970 : 1971 ( aka "the Scandal Collection"): 1971 (for Jane Birkin ) and 1973 (for Lauren Bacall ) 1976 : 1977 and 1986 : 1981 and 1982 : 1990 : 1992 and 1997 : 2001 : 2002 (his final collection): all fashion photos ý Alexandre Guirkinger YSL sketches for his spring couture 1988 collection: His Love series of artwork, which he began in 1970 : 1977: 1985: above images of fashions and art from yslretrospective.com An IIHIH tangent: Prunier Caviar has used YSL artwork on their special collection of LOVE caviar tins for many years. Due out this coming October is the one shown below: There are also many vintage editorial and advertising photos included in the retrospective, such as the ones below. The following photo of Yves Saint Laurent by Jeanloup Sieff taken in 1971 has become an iconic image of the couturier and is also included in the retrospective. And here are some images, by Francois Mori for the AP , from the exhibit itself: The show runs from March 11- August 29th, 2010 at The Petit Palais. Petit Palais Mus¨¦e des Beaux-Arts ?de la Ville de Paris? Avenue Winston Churchill ?75008 Paris?+33 1 53 43 40 00 http://ifitshipitshere.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss  For those of you joining us for the first time, please go back and start reading from the beginning (back in August 2005). Otherwise, the blog may not make much sense to you. 2009 UPDATE: This blog authors are using the assistance of LANDOLT &amp; ASSOCIATES in Fort Worth, Texas, for advice on this blog. Please contact them if you have any questions or inquiries: contact@landoltlawoffice.com Hi, this is Traci, the Blog Administrator... The twins are trying to decide what should be posted here and what shouldn't. I apologize for the delay. I was reading back over the posts and some of the emails, and some of them are really interesting about twins switching places. I thought maybe we could open up a discussion about that while we wait... If you are a twin or know a twin who has switched places, please email your stories to me. We'll try to put together a posting with everyone's comments, so be sure to indicate if it's okay to post it on the blog. You are also welcome to send in your impression of identical twins overall...and how this blog has or hasn't changed your view of twins. And, of course, if you do send in your comment or email, we will send you a totally imaginary Twinkie Experiment T-shirt! Thanks to all you loyal Twinkie Fans out there! Time to go buy a box and eat some while we're waiting. Traci Email inquiries: contact@landoltlawoffice.com Happy New Year, Ya'll!! While Ashley has been portraying me down here at the coast, I was up north living in her condo. Yes, while she was on the beach and enjoying the ocean, I was "enjoying" the lovely white fluffy stuff. I took this picture of the view behind Ashley's condo. Talk about a contrast to the view outside my house! Sorry about the delay in the blog posts. Ashley and I have been having "creative differences" about this blog. To make a long story short, Ashley read my comment about her and Tarkington and said: I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU TOLD THEM THAT! The way I see it, Professor Tarkington is MY professor. MINE. What happens at the law school is my business because these people think that was ME doing all that stuff. So why can't I talk about it? Ashley really loves all of you out there and appreciates your support. I understand that, and I think that's great. But, it doesn't mean that you should have the details glossed over or sugar-coated. I'll try to give you hints about Tarkington when I can--until I can figure out a way to give you the whole story... How embarrassing that Ashley and I are having a fight on the world's stage. This has to be my mom's worst nightmare... Back to what happened to me... As one of the Commentors pointed out (and made me laugh), the Twinkie Experiment wasn't exactly fair--at least at the beginning, because Ashley got a nude beach, and what did I get? Altitude sickness! Overall, I have to admit, I probably did have an easier time with the whole school thing. Dr. Lyle was in on the Twin Switch, so I didn't have to go into an academic program alone. I can't imagine for my life walking into a law school program like Ashley did. I feel bad about laughing, but I can't help it. She probably was able to do it because she has this mentality that she can handle anything. I don't think she knows even now what a lion's den she was walking into. I had the opposite problem. Instead of walking into a room full of law students who practically pee around the room to mark their territory, I had the "huggers." You know who I'm talking about. Those people who have to hug you like they haven't seen you in years, and you are a long-lost dear friend. I'm not a big touchy-feely type person, unless it's a really hot guy who's doing the touching and feeling (haha). It's probably inherent to the whole psychology thing to have them be so tactile. Probably something Freudian. As I mentioned in an earlier post, the party Dr. Lyle had at the start of the semester was especially humorous because Ashley didn't give me a physical description of Robert. (She told me she didn't think I'd run into him.) So the problem ended up being: How do you stay away from someone when you don't know what they look like? One of these days, I'm going to ask Robert if I actually spoke to him at the party before I knew who he was... Have I mentioned that Dr. Lyle's husband is hot? He is. Totally. Of course, he's a little old and MARRIED, but I thought he was really nice looking in a Kevin Costner kind of way. (Man, I might as well delete this paragraph now, because I'm sure Ashley will have a fit that I said that!) He was also really sweet and funny. He walked around helping the caterers and stuff at the party, and every time he'd see me, he'd say, "So, are you caught yet?" Dr. Lyle's husband is a psychologist, too. Can you imagine what their kids must be like???? The first day of school was pretty anxiety-driven. The lack of humidity in the air made my hair have more body ---something I'm definitely not used to since I've been living at the beach. We're talking flat-head city. I have a flippy haircut that is (I think) darling, and the multi-layers and flips make it look not so flat in the humidity. But when you take me from a place with 95 percent humidity and drop me into a place with 18 percent humidity, well, you can imagine what happened. The flippiness with a small "f" turned into flippiness with a big fat "F". And Ashley is not a flippy kind of person. She warned me the people up north may not take kindly to a flippy haircut on her. I tried to get rid of it. Believe me, I tried. I used water on it after it was dry. I used hair spray. I curled it under.... But when I arrived on that huge campus and walked through the wind up hill (both ways), the hair took on a life of its own. And it decided to be flippy. And I think I told you last time, that when I ran into Paige, Ashley's best friend (who I've met a few times when I've visited Ashley in the past) the very first thing out of her mouth was WHAT IS THE DEAL WITH YOUR HAIR??? Not "Hi, how are you," or "how was your summer", but a rude announcement that might as well have said, "Hey! Everyone! Look over here at this ugly hair!" It's no secret that I am not a big fan of Paige. As this blog goes on, I think you'll understand why. The hair thing started it, though. So much for integrating quietly into the crowd. Everyone had to notice me and my hair. Which only brought on more hugging, since that's what psych students do. What a big difference class was compared to law school. The psych seminar actually had donuts and coffee for the students! And the first day was spent going around the room introducing ourselves. Students actually talked amongst themselves WHILE Dr. Lyle was talking. And she didn't kill them. Not to mention how nice everyone was to each other. We also didn't have to read for the first day, which was weird. Some people didn't even have their textbooks yet. I was in shock. The most fun on the first day was finally seeing who the notorious Robert was. He wasn't anything like I had imagined him from Ashley's comments. And I don't remember seeing him at Dr. Lyle's party. He's tall -- almost 6 feet, slim, but not skinny or fat. Dresses pretty nice. Dark hair and dark warm eyes with wire-rim glasses. I usually don't like guys with glasses, but he was an exception. Okay, I admit it, I thought Robert was cute from the very first day. But it's not like I hit on him or anything. I intended to keep my distance and not even speak to him. He sat in the row in front of us, and Paige leaned over to me and said, "I guess he wants to make sure you've seen him." And in typical Paige-fashion, she said it loudly enough for him to hear. The girl sitting on the other side of me, who I called "The Screamer" for awhile since I didn't know her name, of course had to say hi to Robert. She was like leaning forward with her desk (they are the individual desks, not like the rows of tables in law school), in front of me to ask Robert how his summer was. When he turned around, he just kind of looked at me for a second and then said, "Fine." Real big conversationalist. The first day of class left me with one major question: WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO PSYCHOLOGY?? I took a few courses in college, and I've read stuff through the years. But somehow, they changed it. It's no longer the common sense intuitive, get in touch with your inner-child's feelings, bring memories to the surface, bells ringing, dogs salivating, penis envying, human behavior study that I thought it was. Dr. Lyle gave an overview lecture about the topics we would be covering in the course, and I was really amazed. It's now a complicated mixture of theories, statistics, philosophies, medicine, and science. I guess it was pretty arrogant of me to walk in there thinking I was up to par with the other students. Boy, did I learn that lesson the hard way... Here's a picture of what Christmas time looks like on the coast. Ashley took this picture from the upper deck of the Ferry on her way back home from law school on her last day as "Amy." This is Traci, the blog administrator, and I have a message for you from the whole gang. Apparently, almost everyone (except the professors?) knows about this blog now. ( Talk about pressure...;)) We Wish You,Your Family, and Friends...A Very Merry Christmas &amp; Happy New Year!! from Ashley &amp; Amy Traci Drs. Miriam and William Lyle Joyce (Mom) Martin (Dad) Robert Peevy Paige Fowler Charlie and his flock: Rose Ricky Haylie Giny Billy Emma Lee Duane Libby Sammy Regan &amp; Booger Welcome to the Real-Life Twinkie Experiment Part Two! I'm Amy Morrighan, and my twin sister's name is Ashley--who most of you already know. Just a brief background in case you are just joining us... Ashley and I are twenty-seven year old identical twins. Ashley is in her third year of graduate school, working towards her Doctorate in Psychology. Her emphasis is on Twin Studies at the University of ______. (I still can't put the name of her school.) She lives up North where it snows more than I would like, but otherwise it's beautiful. Ashley's best friend is named Paige. Ashley used to like a guy named Robert until the great AC/DC Concert Incident last summer. Robert and Paige are also psych doctoral students. Although Paige is more into Abnorrmal Psychology...which is understandable if you've ever met her. Sorry, that was petty. Bad Amy, bad. While Ashley is in grad school, I am in my second year (a "2L") in law school. I can't give my exact location, but I can tell you I live on the coast. My interest in law has primarily been in the area of Intellectual Property. But I also am interested in other areas which span across the board. They say the first year of law school is the worst, and mine was no exception. In fact, I can honestly say, last year was the worst year I've ever had. The coursework itself is challenging, but not as hard as they make it out to be. It wasn't the work itself I found challenging since I actually like studying the law. The people in my life you've probably heard the most about are my professors for this past semester who Ashley encountered: Professor Rogerson, Professor Tarkington, and Professor Mathews. My two closest friends (or at least they were up until the Twin Switch) are Vicki and Beth. I am probably closest to my next-door neighbor, Charlie, who has taken in a whole lot of his kids and grandkids to live with him. He basically has a big ol' heart and loves to feed and take care of people. And dogs. He has a beach house right next to mine, and actually owns mine too, though he rents it out to me. Ashley and I are the only kids in our family. Our parents live in (can I say where they live? No? Okay.) They live in a place that's cold, too. We have great parents who support us financially (and emotionally) while we are in school. Neither of our parents were supposed to know about the Twin Switch, but that changed when Ashley told Mom. More details about that later. We ultimately decided to do the Twin Switch for several reasons... 1. Everyone always asks us if we ever switch places, and we wanted to see if we could pull it off now that we're adults. 2. Ashley is working on her dissertation involving twins, and she wanted to see if her advisor would let her incorporate the data from the switch somehow. Her advisor, Dr. Lyle, said she would review Ashley's and my data at the end of the switch to see if there was anything workable for the dissertation. I am sure Ashley will give you the scoop on that. 3. As mentioned above, I had a hard time with law school, and was about to give up on it, and I wanted to see if there was anything Ashley could do while she was there as me. Of course, I didn't -exactly- tell Ashley how bad things were or how much I was relying on her for help... But that's because I didn't know how things would be for her. And she told me over and over not to say anything that would alter her behavior during the twin switch. Ashley and I also started off trying to think of a bet... I would bet we could pull off the switch (because I always knew we could), and Ashley would bet we couldn't. Unfortunately, we couldn't ever agree on what we would put for the wager. Looking back on it, I guess we could have used Robert...(Just kidding) The whole thing seemed pretty funny at first, and we both had our doubts as to if we would actually even give it a try. Then Ashley flew down to visit me, and we started getting our hair and nails done to match each other. I thought Ashley was going to catch the first flight out when I gave her a tour of the law school, showed her where everything was, where to sit, etc. I think that's when reality set in for her. I had no idea how freaked out she was until after the switch was over and she admitted what she did the weekend right before school started... Ashley told me I shouldn't mention anything about it, but I'll see if I can put the details in. Let's just say, Ashley didn't tell you EVERYTHING she did during the switch. I think many of you would be surprised and amused if you heard it all. As for me, you haven't heard everything that I went through, either. Ash and I have agreed to keep this Rated G or PG since we have no idea how old our readers are. Sorry, that means no graphic details about what went on between Ashley and Professor Tarkington (Can I mention that, Ashley? No? Okay.) You didn't hear that from me... I left for Ashley's condo up North on the weekend right before school started. Leaving the ocean was a lot harder than I thought it would be. I really felt a loss for some reason, and it wasn't until much later that I figured out why (with Robert's and Ashley's help). It felt like I was leaving my swingset or something. When we were little, Ashley and I had the coolest swingset in our back yard, with the monkeybars along the top, with a swing, the rings, glider, etc. It was awesome. Then, my dad took a job in another state, and we had to move. Without the swingset. Ash and I were mortified and actually grieved for our swingset. Anyway, that's the same grief I felt when I left the coast, and it was haunting for me. I couldn't understand it because I figured the Twin Switch wouldn't last THAT long, and I could go back anytime I wanted thanks to frequent flier miles. When the switch ended, and Ashley and I were able to sit down and go over everything, it was then Ashley told me what she had discovered regarding identity issues for twins during our twin switch. It feels like you are leaving yourself behind when you switch places with your twin. Anything that is not exactly like your twin, you have to cut off. Completely. Otherwise people who knew Ashley would never believe I was her. It's not just leaving my "life" that was hard... It was leaving ME...all the things about me that I like (fish, crabs, etc), and having to mentally train myself to like what Ashley likes or Ashley does. Mentally, it has more of an effect on you that you might think. I could never have anticipated how much it would effect me. So, I arrive up north, and (I hope I can tell you this part) I had Altitude Sickness for awhile because her condo is near the mountains. Going from sea-level to the mountains took some getting used to. I had migraine-like headaches for awhile. Other than that, escaping the 98 degree temperatures and 95% humidity was fabulous!! My hair just seemed to come alive for some reason. This, of course, meant I had to deal with the flippiness of my haircut. I have a medium length shorter-cut which is cut to flip in the back. Ashley said "no way" would Paige or anyone believe she would ever have a flippy cut. It was a constant battle between me and my hair there for awhile. And on my first day of class, the first words out of Paige's mouth when she saw me was: "WHAT IS UP WITH YOUR HAIR?" I met with Dr. Lyle the Saturday before school started. Ashley thinks this woman is so great, but to be honest, she didn't make that great of a first impression on me. She came across very "snooty" almost--not very friendly to me at all. Ash says it's because she's from the North and "that's how some Northerners are," but I don't buy it. Everyone else was really nice. I also think Dr. Lyle had her own agenda with the twin switch. There were times when I definitely thought she purposely set me up to fail so she could see if anyone could tell I wasn't really Ashley. Dr. Lyle had a student reception at her house that night, which gave me a chance to be around the Psych people before classes started. Of course, Ashley didn't describe Robert for me, so I didn't know what he looked like. She told me just to ignore him anyway, since I was supposed to be her. Ashley was mad at Robert because he never called her after their one date they had (that ended in disaster). So the plan was for me to just stay away from him. I don't think Ashley realized that Robert was signed up to be in the same seminar as I was. It was just a matter of time before I ran into him. At Dr. Lyle's party, however, I tried to avoid him. But how do you avoid someone when you don't know what that person looks like??? There was a girl at the party named Jamie who walked over to me first thing and wanted to know how my "date with Robert" went. I told her I didn't want to talk about it, and she said, "Oh, that's because he's HERE, isn't he?" I almost freaked out right then because for all I knew, I had already been talking to him and been sickly-sweet and nice, like I was trying to be to everyone I encountered. Later during the party, Jamie came up to me again to let me know she saw Robert in the livingroom. I tried to sneak a peek at the guys in the livingroom to see if I could guess which guy my sister would like. I didn't have Robert pegged right, though. I still can't remember if I actually talked to him or not before I knew who he was. If I did, I'm sure he thought it was weird, because on Monday, when I really did find out who he was, I intentionally stayed away from him. Well, I wanted to give ya'll some background on me and to kind of let you know where things started. This has been just some general comments, and next I'll try to get into the details more. Hi Everybody~! I took this picture right out in front of Charlie's and Amy's beach houses. It's my favorite time of day--sunset. I apologize for not posting sooner. Things have been pretty hectic, as you can probably imagine. Thanks to everyone for your kind emails to Traci that she forwarded to me. It has meant a great deal. As I think Traci posted already, Amy would like to have a chance to give her side of the "story." She read my blog postings, which is okay, since I was trying to get her to switch back and told her where the site was so she could know what's been going on in her life. She isn't actually mad or anything; she just wants people to see how things were for her before they judge her. I told her no one is judging anybody. Life is life, and we're all human. Let he who is without sin cast the first stone, so to speak. I hope you all will enjoy Amy's side of things. She was going to post her own blog all along, but she wasn't sure who she could trust to get things out there without getting caught. We had some close calls, and given her background at the law school, she had to be extra extra careful. She did keep a journal though with entries, so she can make postings rather than throw it all out there all at once. I'm not sure what format she is going to use, though. I think it also depends on Traci. I suspect it will be a little at a time. I told Amy she should try and publish the information in a book somehow since the information is already writen, instead of re-writing it as a blog. Plus, there are some details both of us experienced that we didn't (and still don't) feel comfortable putting on the computer (I think you guys might like to hear some of that stuff as well--cough, cough). So this will give Amy a chance to give you a preview of what a book might say--only the Rated G (PG?) blog version. I know from my experience that it's really easy to form opinions about someone by watching someone else living their life. So, all I ask is that you not be too hard on me (or her) as you hear what Amy has been up to in my life. :o) Thanks again for your friendship and support during the past months. God Bless you, Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, Ashley Morrighan Hi, this is Traci again. I know everyone is waiting to hear what happened with the Twin Swtich -- I have been waiting too, very impatiently. I finally heard from Ashley, and thankfully she and Amy have patched things up. Or, at least they are speaking to one another. Amy apparently discovered and read over this blog and was pretty ticked off... which I think we can all understand. She is now demanding equal time to give her side of what happened. And she wants it before Ashley tells everyone how things ended up with the Robert situation and the Twin Swtich. Ashley asked me this morning if I would mind posting some blog entries from Amy. I don't mind doing it, but I wanted to run it by our audience out there first. I've gotten numerous emails from people over the past 4 or 5 months begging me for information about Amy. It looks like you'll finally find out what happened. Just let me know if it is something you're still interested in. Please just post your opinion on the "Comments." And I guess we'll take it from there. Thanks, Traci Campbell, Blog Administrator Hi, This is Traci, the Blog Administrator. Ashley asked me to post this message for her. We apologize for the silence on the blog lately (part of it was my fault because I went out of town for two weeks). Ashley is still trying to get things straightened out with Amy. Amy still is trying to tell Robert SHE is Ashley, and neither Amy nor Robert will talk to Ashley, Ashley's mom, or dad. Law school for the semester is winding down. Ashley, even though she's ticked off at Amy, doesn't want Amy to lose her legal education and chance at becoming a lawyer. So, she tried to drop the classes for the semester--saying she needed a leave of absence for family reasons. The dean said no (he sounds like a MAJOR jerk to me) about Business Associations and Criminal Procedure, since those classes are required. She can, and did, drop the Intellectual Property class. She also quit being Tarkington's Research Assistant "due to family reasons" that are taking up her time. Tarkington apparently was more understanding than the dean... Which is good, considering Ashley doesn't know squat about legal writing. So where everything stands right now... Ashley has no choice but to try and take the final exams for Business Associations and Criminal Procedure. We all know it's a long shot...Talk about pressure! Richard, the guy who worked in the Law Clinic, is helping her study, by the way. Whether or not Ashley can pass the exams...I guess we'll have to wait and see. But that is where she is and what is going on right now. I'm sure you'll hear from Ashley once the exams are over. Keep your fingers crossed for her... Traci Campbell Things have been kind of hectic, and I apologize to everyone for not posting sooner! Here's the basic scoop on what's been going on... 1. Rogerson seems to have backed off for right now... Our Operation HERB actually seems to have worked! Yea!! 2. Amy and Robert have apparently gotten serious. Like way serious. Boooo! 3. Exams at the law school start in just a few WEEKS from now... Major Booooo! 4. And, here's the biggest thing of all...AMY IS REFUSING TO SWITCH BACK! Monsterous Booooo! Amy says she's worried about what Robert is going to say if she tells him we switched places, so she's continuing to let him think she's ME. I tried to call her, and she won't talk to me about it. I've sent emails, and she won't respond. I've been frazzled about this situation, because at first, I thought Amy was joking. How can she not come back here? I thought the snow and cold would have sent her back here faster than anything, but I guess Robert is keeping her warm...? I also am having a cow about Amy abandoning her law school. I understand that things were bad with Rogerson--believe me, I understand! But this is ridiculous. We need to come up with a plan, and the plan can't involve the idea of ME taking her exams. No matter what she says, I can't think of a worse nightmare than Law Exams.... I'm flying up tonight to visit my parents for Thanksgiving. The only thing I can think to do is explain everything to my parents and see if they can talk some sense into Amy. No, Amy won't be there. She's having Thanksgiving with Robert's family... I'll fill you in on other stuff going on (like with Mick and the research thing) as soon as I can.  1) Top Shop $70 2) J Crew $120 3) National Jean Company $68 4) Bloomingdale's $138 1) &nbsp; E Dress Me $300 2) Halston Heritage at Shop Bop $895 3) Armani Exchange $98 4) Vanessa Bruno at Madison LA $490 I am not even going to lie- I have a huge style crush on Amber Rose. &nbsp;There are not many women that really make me go whoa and she is one of the very few. &nbsp;I love that she rocks and uber short hair cut (I am so envious I could scream!). &nbsp;She has an amazing body (not skinny but incredibly fit). &nbsp;She makes interesting, provocative and insane fashion choices and really seems to not care one iota about what people think, trends or anything mainstream. &nbsp;Her versatility is impressive- she can wear the hell out of workout gear in one shot and look absolutely stunning in an orange frock and sky high heels in the next. &nbsp;She has a few fashion misses under her belt but my admiration for her is unshakable and I just wanted to highlight the coolness that is Amber here below- enjoy! Pics courtesy of Just Jared! 1) Shrunken Leather Jacket- Jo ie at Piperlime $500 2) Long Dress- Rachel Pally at Sop Bop $251 1) Blazer- Saks Fifth Avenue $171 2) &nbsp;Blouse- Banana Republic $50 3) Platform Pump- M atiko at Bluefly $98 These days, one shoulder dresses are no longer plain and simple. &nbsp;They are a direct reaction to the 80's coming back full force, in every way, shape and form. &nbsp;The latter being emphasized in this case. &nbsp;The bigger the one shoulder, the better! Oh and ps- Stella McCartney for 50% off is not so bad at all- granted I can't afford it but it is still worth mentioning. ;) 1) Arden B $89 2) Stella McCartnet at Farfetch was $1020 NOW $510 3) Couture Candy $120 4) Asos $145 1) Dress- American Apparel $40 2) Pumps- DSW $90 3) Clutch- Endless $33 4) Necklace- Asos $20 1) Short Sleeve Coat-&nbsp; La Garconne $390 SALE (was $550) 2) Long Gloves-&nbsp; Yoji Yamamoto at revolve Clothing $139 3) Clutch-&nbsp; Nordstrom $97 4) Ankle Boots-&nbsp; Endless $80 5) Bangles-&nbsp; Top Shop $32 Whether it was when I was growing up or with my own family, we have always had a dog. A dog  was an integral part of my life, until now. I am dogless. And I miss it.In my growing up family, we had a dog named Spot. Original, yes? Spot was a mutt but she was attractive enough to get a thoroughbred Boston Bull Terrier as her mate and had thirteen little ones that looked just like him. But what I remember most was my mom feeding that dog like you wouldn't believe. I can still see her filling up her dish with everything she could find, piled high and mumbling in Swedish under her breath about the poor thing having to feed all those pups. Didn't buy dog food in those days. At least, we didn't. (Remember this was during or just after the depression.) Just table scraps tho I saw Mom give her lots of her homemade bread to fill her up with leftover gravy over all.I kept one of the pups and called him Pepper. He died of distemper. You see, we didn't have all the shots and stuff like that in those days either. I wrote what I think was my first poem in my grief over his death.In almost 60 years of marriage, we've had numerous dogs. I remember Flicka, a sort of black golden retriever looking dog who was a renegade and always running away from home. I would be teaching school at St. Edward's Catholic School about two blocks from our house and I would see Flicka running by. I was in my midlife years then--famous for running to the window and opening them to pant and the kids would all yell,First Japan , now Paris. IKEA have kitted out four Parisian subway stations with their sofas and lamps for two weeks. The main point of the publicity is to demonstrate the quality and strength of IKEA products through the ¡® bum test ¡¯ of thousands of Parisians. There's more behind the campaign at the PSFK blog If you're going through St. Lazare, Champs-Elys¨¦es Cl¨¦menceau, Concorde, and Op¨¦ra Metro stations, you'll have a comfortable rest on the platforms. Just hope that the Parisian homeless don't catch on to this too quickly, as IKEA may find they'll also be testing whether their sofas are stain resistant. There's a great set of pictures on Flickr by Les Favoris where you can see commuters spending more time looking at the sofas rather than actually sitting on them. Thanks to FreshPlastic for finding the IKEA links. After IKEA in Kobe, Japan put their furniture in train carriages (see above), we just need IKEA in the UK to get in on the act. It would make that wait for your delayed London Underground train, much more bearable. It's only one step on from the current round of Homebase TV ads where a station in Carlisle is decorated! Come on IKEA, London awaits. London Underground's former managing Director has had preliminary discussions with Tube Lines about possibly becoming the contractor's chief exec. This could be interesting as O'Toole strongly criticised Tube Lines while he was in office. Perhaps it needs someone like him to help the current acrimonious disputes between LU & Tube Lines . Tube Lines hasn't had a permanent chief executive since February 12, when Dean Finch resigned & became chief executive of National Express. Tube Lines, which works on the Jubilee, Northern and Piccadilly lines, has been the sole surviving contractor since July 2007 when Metronet went into administration. Tim O'Toole left the London Underground in April last year and returned to Philadelphia to spend more time with his family. David Begg, Tube Lines' chairman, says he had the highest regard for Tim O'Toole's reputation. But added: " I haven't offered Tim O'Toole a contract, so I cannot say whether or not Tim O'Toole is coming ." However according to the Evening Standard a Tube Lines spokeswoman said: " I can confirm that we are in contractual negotiations with Tim O'Toole over the chief executive's job. We are hoping to conclude these discussions soon ." The FT said that Boris Johnson declined to comment, although they believe that Tim O'Toole has also held discussions with him. A number of people were lucky enough to bag tickets to a walking tour of the world's first tunnel under a navigable river. Victorians last walked through the tunnel in 1865 & now, 145 years later it was opened to the public for two days. The tickets sold out incredibly quickly, but luckily for us a number of people have blogged & very kindly shared photography. Matthew Knight aka webponce has an amazing set of pictures from the Thames Tunnel Tour . I love the detail of the original brickwork on the archways below. He said " I've always wanted to walk down a Tube line, and to be able to walk along the Marc Brunel Thames Tunnel was even more special - as the world's first underwater tunnel. Much of the original tunnel is still visible at the Rotherhithe end. It is amazing to think there were stalls and shops down here. Thanks to the guides who showed us around. The Thames Tunnel is an underwater tunnel, built beneath the River Thames in London, United Kingdom connecting Rotherhithe and Wapping. It measures 35 feet (11 m) wide by 20 feet (6 m) high and is 1,300 feet (396 m) long, running at a depth of 75 feet (23 m) below the river's surface (measured at high tide) ." Peter Watts was also on the tour this morning " along with every other transport nerd ". He said: " the tunnel reopened as a foot tunnel for what we were assured will be the very last time in its history, which is just the sort of hyperbole I like to hear on a Friday morning.... The tunnel is now pretty much indistinguishable from any other underground line. The only sense you get that you are heading under the river is that it is rather damp and chilly. Although most of the tunnel¡¯s original brickwork has been concreted over, there are some areas where you can still the original bricks, beautiful but damaged. " Darryl Chamberlain from 853 blog also went along and said " The brickwork had concrete applied to it in the 1990s to protect the tunnel ? said to be the leakiest on the Underground network ? but after a row broke out between London Transport and preservation agencies, a small part close to Rotherhithe station was left alone. Rather than a reminder of how the tunnel was, the existence of the exposed bri just seems to justify the decision to cover it in concrete in the first place ." Peter continued: " Arches bisect the tunnel throughout its length. These were originally used as small shops, as the tunnel became the world¡¯s first underwater shopping arcade. These spaces are tiny, and would have been cramped, dark, cold and damps places to work from. I imagine they are rather like those booth-cum-shops you get along Brixton¡¯s Atlantic Road, where people flog phonecards and reggae from the stairwells of blocks of flats. Here, though, you can get a sense of the detailing that distinguishes so much Victorian architecture . Peter's visited a number of other subterranean parts of London (deep-level Tube shelter at Chancery Lane) & you can learn about what got him initially hooked at the rest of his great blog post . Thanks to both him, Darryl Chamberlain & Matthew for sharing the experience & photos. If you managed to bag a ticket, it would be great to hear what you thought too. Remember the days when you could smile smugly in a pub quiz to answer " What's unique about St John's Wood London Underground station? " It's the only Tube station that doesn't share any letters with the word mackerel. A couple of week's ago, you might remember I asked what was unique about Pimlico Tube . Only one person worked out that it was the only station that didn't share any letters with the word badger! Now some clever person, Ben Green, has built a great time wasting tool " Badgers in Pimlico " so you can type in words and see which stations do not contain its letters. Amazingly there's only one station that doesn't have any letters of the word "Underground" in it (thanks to @qwghlm for that) and that Debden is unique in at least two ways (thanks to Paul Clarke & Richard George for that). Have minutes of fun seeing which other Tube stations are unique . Thanks to Fimb for the initial heads up on this! In a bid to save ¡ê16m each year, LU has announced it will be losing around 700-800 roles on the Tube. In a press release today (where the focus is on " vision for a safe, efficient and transformed Tube " - sad how lots of visionary releases tend to hide bad news for other people), London Underground stated there would be no compulsory redundancies and they would look to re-focus staff to areas of greater customer need. No changes will be introduced without consultation with staff and trade unions. It's unlikely the unions will take news of cuts lightly, so I bet the likelihood of threats of industrial action to be high. Union leaders have already told the BBC of their disappointment with Bob Crow leader of the RMT in bullish mode & dismissive of LU's safety reassurances: " If these cuts to jobs are bulldozed through by Transport for London it will turn London's Tube stations into a muggers' paradise ." London Underground were clear to state that there would be no ticket office closures. It was rumoured earlier this year that 1,000 jobs would go due to ticket office losses . However the value of service provided at ticket stations, particularly in peak hours, was noted. " The LU proposals would also ensure, therefore, that all stations with a ticket office will continue to do so, with opening hours reduced in some areas to reflect the decline in demand but remaining open at the busiest times to serve customers ." However Gerry Doherty, general secretary of the TSSA, said Boris Johnson had betrayed staff: " He was elected promising to keep ticket offices fully open and fully staffed. "He has now broken that promise. We shall fight this all the way if any of our members are threatened with compulsory redundancy ." Tube officials said the cuts would include 100 managers, 450 ticket office posts and up to 200 other jobs. Basically we have the " huge success " of the Oyster card to thank for the job cuts. Since its launch there has been a sharp decline in ticket sales at station offices with just one in 20 journeys paid for at the counter. iPhone users can submit refund claims for London Underground delays pretty quickly with the launch of two apps. Under the Customer Charter, if you're delayed by more than 15 minutes, you're entitled to claim the cost of your single journey on the Tube. TfL's website actually is fine for making a claim , but with an iPhone app, many people might be more likely to remember to do it. You can literally claim while your delay takes place. The company behind Tube Refund , one of the apps, says that there were approximately 1,996 delays across the Tube network last year (38 delays a week). Hopefully you're not going to get that amount personally, but the which only costs 59p, could pay for itself pretty quickly. The other app iRefund is $0.99 has fewer ratings than Tube Refund. If you have an iPhone give one a try, when you're next delayed. They'll make a useful edition to the other London Underground iPhone apps reviewed last year. Thanks to TechCrunch for the heads up on this. In the ongoing funding row with Tube Lines upgrade work, TfL are considering legal action after arbiter, Chris Bolt says London Underground has to raise ¡ê4,465m for PPP costs. In a final determination of the costs, the arbiter believes that Tube Lines' increased estimate by ¡ê65m for the cost of the next seven and half years of work is correct. Boris Johnson & TfL are none too happy about this and with a rebel rousing yell, Boris said " The Arbiter has ruled that the costs should be ¡ê4.46bn, thus demonstrating that Tube Lines' breathtaking original demand for ¡ê6.8bn was simply an attempt at daylight robbery. "Londoners will also be outraged that the Tube upgrades promised to them are now threatened. "Simply put, we are being asked to write a blank cheque in order to prop up an ailing and failing Tube Lines, and to guarantee massive and secretive payments of ¡ê400m to its shareholders, Ferrovial and Bechtel. "In other countries this would be called looting, here it is called the PPP ." The fighting talk continues with " We will fight this to the last and are seeking urgent advice on the Arbiter's idea to pass Tube Lines' obligations to raise finance on to London's fare and taxpayers. "We are therefore examining all our options, including legal remedies. " Tube Lines are quietly saying that co-operation is needed " It will be essential that it (the contract) is underpinned with a strong partnership between Tube Lines and London Underground and that both parties embrace the parameters of the agreement. " Unlikely with talk of a legal fight & Boris's sparring words. Andrew Cleaves, Tube Lines' acting chief executive, said " It is clear that the Arbiter has relied on international benchmarking to help drive down public spending and is expecting both us and London Underground to become more efficient still by adopting some of the delivery methods used by other, more modern Metro systems around the world. This will require a step change in the way that Tube Lines and London Underground work together. We will wholeheartedly welcome working more closely with LU to simplify and modernise working practices on the Underground and give Tube passengers more, for less ." Also earlier in the week TfL's interim managing director Richard Parry wrote to Bolt warning that the missing ¡ê400m would have to be found by taxpayers, in the form of higher fares, or else planned upgrade work to the Piccadilly Line would have be shelved. In today's press release Parry said " The Jubilee and Northern line upgrades are seriously delayed and over budget as a result of Tube Lines' failure to deliver, a fact now confirmed by both the PPP Arbiter and an independent QC earlier this year ." Looks like the war of words could be moving to legal arena and in the meantime, us commuters continue to bear the brunt of the stupid PPP plan, with delays to upgrades & increased fares to fund the mess. Microsoft's search engine Bing kicks off its UK TV advertising tonight with a London Underground setting. Looks like the simple question of where to catch a Tube to Euston is taken to extremes - unless they've been looking at the Human Body as a Tube Map diagram. Hopefully, this won't lead to a round of information overload for people asking for directions on the Tube. And welcome if you've come here, after searching for the London Underground on Bing. You might not find what you're looking for, but hopefully can have fun on the way.  Today is such a beautiful day! It's a day to celebrate friendship, it's a day to celebrate life and it's most definitely a day to celebrate love! I've always believed that love is something that we should show all throughout the year. Why wait for one special day to let the people in your life that matter know just how important they are to you? I try to make it my business to show my affection and appreciation all year long, but it is kinda fun to make that little extra effort on this one day.One of my favourite quotes is "You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." -Dr. SeussWho knew Dr. Seuss was so thoughtful, lol, but I couldn't agree with him more!HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY everyone....it's gonna be a lovely day:-) I came across this song, "Are You Listening?" produced by Kirk Franklin. Along with a many of today's best gospel artists , he recorded this song to help to raise money for the people in Haiti in conjunction with UNICEF. Not only is the song absolutely beautiful, but the proceeds are obviously going to a great cause. Listen, enjoy and do your part to help if you haven't already done so. I remember years ago before I had a blackerry, before I knew anything about having this type of instant access to the worldwide web, to e-mails, to googleIf you'd been wondering if Draft Blogger was worth trying, any doubts should be erased right now. You need Draft Blogger to take advantage of the new template design features currently in beta. Truly, this is not something to wait for it to be released into Blogger proper. The thing is as flexible as can be. Not only are there 4 basic new templates, each with a few versions, but most of them let you change the background to one of a large variety of designs or stock photos.The fun doesn't end there. You can also customize the layout, and by customizing, I mean you can customize the overall layout of the blog's body and then pick a layout for the footer, which allows for a whole lot of variations. You can also vary the widths of the blog and the sidebars. Then you can move around your page elements/gadgets and choose colors if you don't like the defaults, and you have control over background colors for the page as well as for the gadgets, links, text, etc. As before, you can add in any header image you want, using the header element/gadget. I would think you can also use your own background images if you upload them somewhere, ie to Picasa, by going into the html and coding it in place of the images that come with the template. I haven't tried that yet. I love what Brooke had to say about the event, and also the tidbit of advice she shared of how Eunice & Sabrina's father would read them chapter books each night, like Treasure Island. Doesn't the wedding look like it is out of a inviting and captivating storybook?(photos by Gia Canali &amp; Sara Remington) I popped by the Saipua website this morning, and was very inspired. Gorgeous, gorgeous. A beautiful, modern and minimally styled Norwegian Ski get away cottage --- yes, please. It is designed by architects Henriette Salvesen and Christopher Adams.(Images by Vincent Leroux from Maire Claire Maison) Oh, the sandals that are showing up all over the place -- I am loving some of the styles. Here are a few of my favorites, although they are a bit on the pricey side.1: Sam Edelman Dawson Gladiator $129.952: Antelope Maya $1323: Jeffrey Campbell Tier $724: Cynthia Vincent Odeon $250 Cameron Moll has come out with another lovely work of art. The Colosseo Letterpress Poster is now available. Isn't it amazing?! It is cool to watch the video clip on the site to see the process.  my handspun yarn: madder, weld, walnut, camomile In recent years spinning (with a hand spindle) is something I've enjoyed during Winter evenings, but this past Winter I looked at the spindle and the wool and just did not feel motivated. Some Winters are like that for me. I get tired easily because of the lack of sunshine. Then recently I began to think again about all the wool I have stored, some dyed and some undyed, and felt inspired. So, this time around I am spinning for Spring, and so am working toward a Spring project. At the moment I'm dyeing and spinning and then will begin to knit some kind of simple scarf-throw project. I'll begin the knitting on the Spring Equinox, the day I consider to be that all important 'first day of' - so that's this Saturday. I'll knit and continue to dye wool and spin, and will work through April, hoping to complete sometime in early May. But there's no rush. This is a project for myself, something to enjoy in the evenings now the days feel longer. The wool used is a mix of British breeds: Shetland, Shropshire and Falklands, and some merino I have had for a while. Mostly these days if I buy wool tops to dye/spin it will be from a supplier who sells rare British breeds because I find that more interesting to use. I'll hope to share the project as it moves along - in simple stripes of natural colours. I am not a very adept knitter, I like to keep it simple and can't be asked to follow knitting pattern instructions! I'll be knitting the singles rather than plyed wool because I find I can spin quite balanced singles and they knit up quite pleasantly enough. I'm dyeing the wool using mostly my tried and tested solar jar method. For dyes such as weld, I am cooking up the dried dyestuff and then straining the dye solution, pouring it into a jar to use. Some dyes, such as madder, will work well if put into the jar and covered with hot water from the kettle, but weld and alkanet for another example are dyestuffs that from my experience need a little more persuasion. I really like the yellows of weld on wool, and yellows will be the main hue for this Spring project. As a brief follow-on from yesterday's post, examples of handwriting using the same monoprint method. Yes you do need to write in mirror style. So I am constantly telling myself: b is d and d is b...... These will become something more in the near future. Thank you very much for all your comments re: yesterdays monoprint drawing post. I'm pleased you found it interesting. A drawing and its inky shadow.... the various attempts I made, working toward the one drawing I decided to use. I had the idea of a figure seated on a chair, a shape of a figure rather than a detailed human person. But the figure wears shoes. And the chair, because chairs are one of my 'things', had to be just a very simple form. The figures are all rather bizarre because I drew with my eyes closed. Yes, I do like a challenge.... but I knew this was the way for me to get the result I had in mind.... Above are photos I took whilst working on drawings for my latest zine 'dreamers' (still a few copies available in my shop ). Today (no mosaic this Monday, next week) - I thought I would finally write about my own approach to making monoprint drawings. I've written before, but several people have asked me to explain a little about how etc.. and I'm happy to put this post together, as my own technique and approach changes over time. Making these drawings does not require a printers press or any other specialist equipment. I like to make things that require the most basic of things: needle and thread, paper and pencil, and for monoprint drawing: ink/paint, glass, paper, drawing tool. I use a sheet of glass from an old picture frame. I use either printers ink (the type you might use for lino) or water-mixable oil paint. In recent times I have preferred the latter as I like the thickness and texture of the paint, it has a slow drying time and allows a variety of results: from very inky and dark, to cloudy, to light and fine lines. The paint/ink is spread across the glass quite evenly and if you prefer you can use a roller, but I use my fingers because I like the slight uneven and fingerprinty result. When I am making monoprint drawings I am working toward an expressive image, perhaps primitive, minimalist even. There are some drawings that are more elaborate but mostly I'm not aiming toward the fine exactness of an etching, for example. I'm happy to play with chance. My drawings with pencil are very different. When I draw in my sketchbook (see sketchbook sundays posts for examples), I use the eraser as a tool for both editing and blending. And I will make many adjustments sometimes before I get a pencil drawing just so. With monoprint drawing there is no rubbing out and editing a certain area, though you can work with 'mistakes' and go with the flow. A sheet of paper is placed over the inked glass and then you draw. Once you have finished drawing, you flip over the paper and there is your monoprinted image. I draw with a long darning needle. So when I am drawing I am just denting gently into the paper and not making any easily seen impression. I have to work in good light so that I can see the finely dented lines. Or I can take advantage of not seeing my drawing and can work 'blind', which offers interesting results too. Either way, I have to be careful not to lean on the paper too much, although a few inky smudges made my fingers holding the paper in place are quite acceptable and desirable for me. It's all about finding your own style and technique of working, of course. I'm showing many examples here but urge anyone who wishes to try monoprint drawing to draw in their own way and to learn through experience, which does take paper and time. Finding your own way of making marks is that big leap toward feeling like you are making something that is truly your own. I can get inspired by other artists, of course, but return again and again to my own obsessions..... Here's an example of quite a tiny drawing - showing you the inked glass image too. You can see here there is a modest about of paint smeared across the glass. This drawing was made after several previous drawings. Here's the first drawing I made during a brief session this morning. I had prepared the glass and left it a short while to allow the water-based oil paint to dry just a little. I thought I would work on a simple series of drawings to demonstrate - so chose one of my 'things' - long-eared things, rabbits and hares.... I made a series of little quirky rabbit drawings. Because my inked glass was smaller than the paper area, I lifted and shifted the paper, so that's why the glass does not match up with the drawing! I attempted to draw a girl holding a rabbit. Wishing to aim for a quite primitive drawing. You can see my attempts starting left to right. I like the first drawing best - because it features an echo of a previous drawing left in the ink, and because I like the really smudgy drawings. Shadow girl and rabbit Various drawings showing the different quality of line achieved in one drawing session. Here you can see my first drawing in the centre and then as I continued to draw so I switched paper to a smoother cartridge paper that is best for showing fine line. Further tips: experiment with using different inks, paints and colours. Do not limit yourself to one type of paper. I also try and use old envelopes, fabric, tissue paper etc.... If you are wishing to try this with young children or less able folk, and would prefer not to use glass - then try very glossy paper or plastic folders. Just smear the paint/ink across very thinly and experiment. I've made drawings in the past using the cover of an old magazine as my 'glass'. You can also use perspex of course. Instead of drawing with a needle as I do, other drawing tools to use are of course etching tools, pointed tips of ceramics tools, sharpened pencils, cocktail sticks. I hope this post has been both insightful and interesting to you. This week I am very busy working toward many new things for my shop update on the 24th. I'm also dyeing lots of wool for a particular project but I'll write about that tomorrow. Have a happy Monday x This last one is still in progress. It is in my new A3 size moleskine - so much bigger. This book will be a challenge for me. I've still quite a lot of work to do on this one, I feel, but have taken a shot just to record where I am at today. You never know, this one might change quite radically or may wait a while before I work on it some more. I've also been writing notes toward new poems. And spinning dyed wool to knit a Spring throw. I'll share more of this project next week. It has been Mothering Sunday in the UK today. A lovely Spring day. I hope you had a good one. A 'yesterdays' in grey and gold.... I wanted to make a more elaborate doll - with ruffles. Her skirt is edged with vintage velvet ribbon. She is a 'salon couture ruffles' kind of girl. Thank you for your kind comments/feedback re: my zine! I am pleased to know those who have received (UK people mostly of course) are enjoying this one. This helps me to know, cheers me as I continue to think on new ideas for both drawing and poetry. I wish you a very good weekend x A drawing from my sketchbook printed on to cotton and made into a small pillow. The pillow measures 5 inches tall and is filled with a mix of lavender with polyester stuffing. The reverse side is grey cotton (hand dyed with alkanet). I love lavender and lavender pillows. They can come in so many shapes and sizes. I've also sewn, for myself, a very simple linen dyed with alkanet pillow. I just like things very simple, some times. And as much as I love spring colours, I'm also in love with grey all year round. Perhaps this is why I like pencil drawings, pebbles, grey foliage plants, grey dresses and grey rabbits. 1. winter into spring , 2. Untitled , 3. day 64 , 4. mulberry eye , 5. Untitled , 6. tomber amoureux , 7. Untitled , 8. #2 inside ourselves , 9. Togetherness , 10. printingcloth1 , 11. Untitled , 12. ¨¦pilogue or Bravely Drifting Monoprint , 13. Rosiness Pin , 14. Rabbit on a carpet , 15. proceed , 16. March drawing # 1 , 17. Innenbild20100303 , 18. folded , 19. rainy day II | 27-02-10 , 20. Untitled Created with fd's Flickr Toys A bright, frosty start to the week here! Many thanks to the artists and photographers featured here for sharing their work via my Flickr contacts. I've chosen a gentle selection, letting in the light and shade of Spring.... it really does, finally, feel as if we are moving toward the next brighter season here. Just a few flowers can make such a big difference. This week I've plenty to do, as always. I've got packages to send out following my shop update (thank you). There are still a few copies of my zine available. My next update will be in a few weeks time. I'll put the date here on the blog when it is decided. There will be more yesterdays! I only had a few in last Friday's selection - I shall offer a few more next time, as I do get requests and thanks. Also, my natural dyed fabrics are currently 'coming soon' in the shop. This means I am busy dyeing new new new - and by the end of this week I hope to have enough stock to make available again. Thanks for your interest. I'm enjoying my recent drawing and writing notes toward new poems. I've not updated nevering for a while. This is because I am working toward new poems for a collection - this takes time and there is a slow brew of ideas coming..... Spring usually brings a new energy to my writing. As I watch the birds and the sun lengthens the day, so my notebooks might get a little more inspired. It is paying attention to the small details of the day and adding these together, making something a little magical from the mix.... There are a few collaborative projects I am working on and I'll share more about them soon. Looking ahead to April already, I am thinking of doing some kind of month-long project. Perhaps like my November painted book. But I am still thinking on..... I hope you have a very good week and more soon x new sketches in my small moleskine sketchbook This weekend I spent some time in the garden tidying, seeing the bulbs I planted last Autumn making their way through. Lovely.... But it was cold so I worked quickly and took tea breaks, and sketched..... enjoy the rest of your Sunday  Dreaming of traveling to Buenos Aires, Argentina? The makers of Bueno, entonces... , the hot new Spanish language learning software , are trying to build their Facebook cred by reaching 10,000 Fans by March. If they get there, one lucky fan and a friend will win a trip to Buenos Aires, Argentina , for 10 days of intensive Spanish lessons, a chance to meet the cast and crew (and me, too!) and of course, have way too much fun. From now until March 12th, Bueno, entonces... is offering a series of contests on the Facebook Page, which offers free daily Spanish phrases, words and grammar lessons. 100 participants will be chosen as Finalists from the series of contests and will be entered to win the Grand Prize Trip. The complete contest details are posted on the Bueno, entonces...Fan Page . They've to a super-simple photo contest. To enter, just snap a picture of yourself holding a sign saying "I want to win a trip to Argentina" and post it to their Facebook wall. Then get your friends to 'like' and comment on it. But HURRY! The TEN finalists with the most 'likes' will be selected on Friday (February 5). So polish up your tango shoes and hurry and go check it out. About the program: Bueno, entonces... is like Rosetta Stone meets The Simpsons - the program is comprehensive, but at the same time hilarious and really engaging. Just released last year, it has been already featured in the iTunes App Store and on the Daily Candy website. To see more, check out their Learn Spanish website . I have taken my share of Spanish classes, believe me. Some were good, some were...not so good. But none were as funny or as motivating as the Bueno, entonces... program. Witty and wry, with more than a bit of adult humor, it's like watching a favorite TV show--you can't wait for the next episode! Though it's definitely geared to the twentysomething crowd, even old folks like Tom and me laughed out loud during many of the lessons. It's sexy--in a fun way. And since this is the Sexy Spanish Club blog, well, I feel that I must recommend this as it is THE sexiest Spanish-learning program out there. The two characters--the hot Argentine teacher (Jimena) and the kinda goofy student (David) definitely develop a certain...chemistry. It makes it fun. Will they--or won't they? I'm not telling. ;-) For those planning on visiting Argentina, you should know that this is the ONLY Argentine-oriented Spanish program available. It tells you how to pronounce things the Argentine way and includes plenty of cultural references and helpful (and entertaining) slang. Plus, it's portable: it can be instantly downloaded to your iPod, iPhone, Smartphone, or laptop. No need for that sweaty bus or Subte ride to a class, and no books to lug around--just plug in and learn...and laugh! What are you waiting for, gringo? Get started on your own sexy Spanish here . No, not really. Though it's true that my husband and I just bought a small farm in Uruguay , we are keeping our studio apartment in Buenos Aires and plan to visit regularly. After all, it's only two hours away and we have two daughters living in Buenos Aires and many friends--and though we plan to live a quiet life in the country (focusing on farming and writing) we will want a blast of city life every now and then! Why did we buy the farm? It was unexpected. We visited some friends--an expat couple, British and French, who had spent twenty years in New York--who had just purchased a farm. We saw how they were living, and it was just so appealing that we couldn't get the idea out of our heads. Two weeks later, we'd bought our own place (or at least, started the process). The real estate transaction went very well--quick, smooth, very nice owners who worked with us directly without using an agent. What appeals to us about it is the challenge of living even more simply , of connecting to the land, developing (re-developing...I grew up on a farm) our skills in terms of planting, growing and harvesting our own food, and living in a 90-year-old farmhouse without succumbing to our American instincts to redo and rebuild. It's beautifully simple as is, but not perfect--and we are looking forward to being okay with that. Most of all, we love the idea of investing in land, of being in a beautiful place and getting to know our neighbors in a setting that encourages cooperation, bartering, and sharing. And okay, I can't help but think that it will be a really fun place for our eventual grandkids to visit. ;-) But Buenos Aires is in my heart and always will be. I love it, and I really appreciate the creativity of the people (locals and expats). It inspires me, makes me think, makes me laugh, and helps me appreciate life. I know I'll feel the same way about life on the farm in Uruguay--but in different ways. Thought I'd update this blog--I'm posting regularly on my New Globals blog these days. I've even posted some fun little videos about finding my book in Barnes &amp; Noble and meeting my agent for the first time (I wrote the book in Argentina and did everything via email!) and most recently, seeing my book in a bookstore window here in New York . My book , The New Global Student: Skip the SAT, Save Thousands on Tuition, and Get a Truly International Education , was published by Random House on the 19th, and Tom and I are in New York for a month. Generally, authors do a book tour sort of thing, but we're doing things differently ! We've had a great time hanging out with three of our daughters here, celebrated when our oldest earned her master's degree (at 23) and started a new job this week, and just enjoying life in the East Village. We were excited to see the print edition of Smithsonian Magazine on the racks this week! As I'm sure many of you know, their cover story for the June edition is about living in Buenos Aires, and several expats are quoted, including me. Thanks for that, Daniel Politi! ;-) The interview was done well over a year ago, but the timing worked out very well as it was published the same week as my book launched ! There was a glitch in the shipment of books to the many education bloggers, organizations and others who were supposed to receive an early copy in order to build some buzz. We found out just last week that the books are still sitting in the warehouse ! Argh. This seriously hampers marketing efforts, as you can imagine, so we're doing a little damage control and scrambling. In fact, things are likely to pick up in a big way soon: later this week, a short feature on the book will be published in USA Today and a review is scheduled to appear in the Boston Globe either the 7th or the 14th (Sunday editions). I've had some radio interviews and podcasts so far and Tom and I are learning a lot in our lunch sessions with parents (a group of parents buys us lunch, we listen to their concerns about their kids' education and share tips). In fact, we had a fabulous one in Westport, Connecticut last Friday with a dozen people in attendance. Tom was the only guy, but hey, he's used to that. Most of all, we're just enjoying the moment and feeling grateful for the opportunity to have a book published and get a chance to share this message with those who can benefit from it. If you or someone you know is strugging with college costs, disheartened by the college-prep hassle, looking for inexpensive ways to study abroad, or just ready to hear some GOOD news about U.S. education , I hope you'll consider reading or recommending my book! Learn more at http://www.NewGlobalStudent.com It's also full of inspiring stories and helpful advice for anyone-- especially families --considering spending time abroad. And to all you aspiring writers in Buenos Aires and elsewhere---keep at it! Two years ago, I had no idea what I would write about and though I hoped I'd write a book someday, I was like millions of other people with the same vague dream. Keep dreaming, but more importantly, keep writing! You just never know where it can take you. Yep. It's true. Oh, it's not that we don't love it. It's been fantastic. We chose this location (just on the edge of Belgrano) three years ago when we had two daughters living with us, and it couldn't have been more perfect in terms of proximity to their schools--Islands International School and Universidad de Belgrano, and an easy bus or train ride to Lincoln University College. Just a couple of blocks from the Subte D line (Congreso de Tucuman stop, so you almost always get a seat!) and four blocks from the Nu?ez train station, with bus 29 running right in front of our apartment as well. We have great neighbors and our sweet little street is quiet with very friendly people. Our building? Love it. Only three years old, with a lovely pool and parilla area on the roof, a small gym, and a large sauna. There are only two apartments on each floor, and ours is facing the back instead of the street. Despite the fact that we're only a couple of blocks from Cabildo, what wakes us up in the morning is birds in the trees below (we're on the seventh floor). So, why are we selling it? Well, regular readers will know that I just wrote a book and in May, Tom and I will be going to the US for the book launch and promotional tour...and we have no idea how long we will be staying. It could be two months, but it might be six or eight months, depending on speaking engagements and other opportunities. Also, we purchased a studio apartment in Palermo, right on Paraguay (between Armenia and Malabia) that has been under construction and will be completed in the next month or so. PLUS, our four daughters seem reasonably launched and as empty nesters, we just don't need three bedrooms. We really like to change things up, and we've always wanted to try living in a studio apartment, so Tom and I are excited to move into the little one. That means we've decided to sell this one, despite our daughters' concerns (we've assured them that we're likely to buy another place--with at least a spare bedroom--once we get back here after the tour stuff is over). Luckily, the wonderful realtor who sold us this place--Javier--is a friend and is helping us sell this one as well. He works with Cristian Bau realtors here in Buenos Aires and he's such a good man, a pleasure to work with and we trust him completely. By the way, buying property here isn't hard as long as you've got the cash since there aren't really any mortgages--we saw this place, bought it and MOVED INTO IT--all within a month. So, anyway--if you or someone you know might be interested in buying a really nice three-bedroom, two bath apartment in a great location--and we're happy to sell most of the furnishings as well for a VERY reasonable price--let us know. It's been a fantastic place for our family and I know that whoever ends up lucky enough to live here next will enjoy it as much as we have. To see the listing with photos, go to: (SOLD--NEVER MIND!) Maya is hard at work on her other blogs so I (her husband Tom) wanted to use her traffic to recommend a guided kayak tour of the Delta that I took last week. I have been up to Tigre and the Delta several times, it is only about 30 minutes from our apartment in Belgrano via train. Though the town of Tigre itself is worth a trip, I generally skip it to get out to the islands in the Delta. Generally we have taken the Interisla Collectivos (passenger boats that act as buses between the islands) and have gotten off at a restaurant pier or someplace else to go hiking. We have also rented a house for a weekend. But, what I really wanted to do was explore the myriad of small canals and channels that the larger boats cannot get into. Based on fellow expat Jonathan Harada's advice ( http://tutoramigos.blogspot.com ) we contacted Martin at www.eldoradokayak.com . Martin met us at the station and had already purchased tickets for the collectivo (boat) out to their island camp. I have been on the same route before though it was totally different as Martin is very knowledgeable about the Delta and during the entire 1.5 hour boat ride he gave us great information about the route. The last stop of the collectivo is their camp/house. Serenely quiet, the small canal had very few houses. All that we could hear was the winds in the leaves and the chirping of the birds. Martin's partner Chapa had a light lunch ready for us, set nicely around a picnic table in the jungle clearing. Their house is simple but new, clean with full changing and shower facilities. After a brief instruction on paddling techniques we set off in double and singles--very stable kayaks that were almost brand new. Time is different in the Delta and the two-three hours we spent blissfully paddling the small canals and channels flew by. My two daughters were hesitant to go initially (worried they were not strong enough) and completely enjoyed the experience. Our route took us through darker narrow passages as well as past grand houses on one of the larger rivers and then into seemingly untouched portions of jungle. When we got back, a lovely lunch of sausage sandwiches, tomato salad and vino patero awaited. Chapa and Martin are wonderful conversationalists and our hour lunch turned into a three hour (again time in the Delta is different) discussion of Argentine politics, culture and life on the Delta. When you visit Buenos Aires take this tour, you will not be disappointed. I have traveled a fair bit and the Delta is like nowhere I have been before and Eldorado Kayaks let me see it up close and personal. Some people like to do the look-back-over-the-last-year thing on December 31st. I prefer to do the what-a-cool-year-it's-going-to-be thing on New Year's Day. For the Frost family, lots of good things are in store and already in motion. Observe: --My book, The New Global Student , will be in bookstores on May 19th. So the next six months will be devoted to pre-launch publicity as well as sketching out Book Two. Lots of exciting times ahead as we start to get media attention for the book! --Tom and I are working together. We worked together as English teachers in rural Japan when we met back in 1983, and over the years, we've had businesses together and worked side by side. But we've always had our own projects. This year, I am very excited that he will be working directly with me on the business/nonprofit projects related to my book! We've always been far better together than apart, so there's no stopping us now! ;-) --Our oldest daughter (she is 22) will complete her master's in May. She's been working full time in addition to earning her master's so May will bring some relief but also new opportunities. Cool! --Daughter Number Two (just turned 21) graduated from college in December and finished two internships in Manhattan--one at a Latino ad agency, one at MTV international. Now, she is very happily working in an Irish pub (she LOVES it!) while saving money and also working as a freelancer for the ad agency. It's great to learn how to do freelance work (and negotiate for good pay) at the age of 21. This weekend, she is moving into a new apartment (she's been living with her older sister since August) and is thrilled to be living in New York and doing her thing. --Daughter Number Three also graduated from college in December (she is 19) and was offered a job as a multilingual events coordinator for a major cruise line. Unfortunately, the earliest they can place her in a position is March, so she is arriving in Buenos Aires today to spend the next couple of months relaxing, traveling and possibly pursuing other work options if the cruise thing is taking too long. --Daughter Number Four (she is 18) is here in Buenos Aires now on her winter break from college in upstate New York. It's a chance to visit us, visit her boyfriend (okay, we know he gets top billing) and see what it's like to come back to Argentina after being away for a few months. She's going to meet her boyfriend's family out in the campo (country) for a few days, which should be interesting. She'll return to New York in a couple of weeks, continue her studies, and do an internship this summer. It looks like she'll graduate with a BS in Applied Psychology (organizational psych, really) in December. It's a year of growth, opportunities and changes--exactly what we love best. ;-) Happy New Year, everyone! Tom and I had a great time at Normal 0 Mar de Aj¨®--just the two of us, the beach, the sun. Though I expected more wistful moments--this being our first Christmas in 22 years without kids--there were actually just a few, and we thoroughly enjoyed celebrating Christmas in a sleepy beach town. It's not sleepy now, though--the holiday crowds were arriving as we left! There was much painting and sprucing up being done during the time we were there. It was great to be the only foreigners around--everywhere we went, people asked where we were from, were very friendly and interested and we had delightful conversations with the locals we met. Not so nice--I caught Tom's cold (I guess I had time to get sick, so I did!) and thanks to some pretty horrible coughing yesterday, I seem to have a cracked (or at the very least, very sore) rib. So, just as I was during my recovery from gum surgery a few months back, I am VERY QUIET. It hurts to breathe, let alone talk, laugh or (OUCH!) cough. But the good news is that I got my first blurb for my book--from Dan Pink , author of A WHOLE NEW MIND. I loved Dan's book so I am utterly thrilled and humbled and awed that he wrote such a nice blurb for my book cover. Here it is: "With considerable verve and tremendous insight, Maya Frost offers a primer on how to take your education -- and your life -- into your own hands. THE NEW GLOBAL STUDENT is essential reading for any family yearning to step off the treadmill and plunge into the world." -- Daniel H. Pink, author of A WHOLE NEW MIND Nice, huh? I am looking forward to getting more blurbs soon--they are being sent to my editor at Random House/Crown and she is out of the office until January 6th. Dan just sent his along to me as a courtesy since he knew I was on pins and needles. It's especially meaningful coming from Dan as he is a father of three and took his kids on a sabbatical to Japan while doing research for his manga career guide, The Adventures of Johnny Bunko . So...quiet....and thrilled. Not a bad way to spend the next couple of days. ;-)  Is your mouth watering yet? After about eating my weight in strawberries this weekend, I pureed the rest and tested out this Strawberry Lemonade Bar recipe from Baking Bites .&nbsp; It is fabulous! These perfectly pink beauties are going to be one of many treats on a dessert buffet I am putting together for an upcoming church party.&nbsp; I'm no Amy Atlas , but I'm really excited to do a dessert buffet. Do you know of any wonderful pink desserts? Thanks for subscribing! Last night I went out with a bunch of mama's from Oscar's playgroup.&nbsp; And I realized beforehand that I don't have any bags that aren't a diaper bag, tote bag, or something else large enough to accommodate sippy cups and goldfish crackers. So ... I made this little clutch using the Scrappy Clutch tutorial at From an Igloo . It was a quick (like during nap time quick) and easy project - my favorite kind!&nbsp;&nbsp; The only change I made was to pleat the bottom of the bag instead of gathering it, because my lining fabric was too thick and refused to be gathered. It is a wee bag that will only hold the essentials, but it was such a relief to not lug a big bag out the door!&nbsp; I think I like it as a clutch and love it as a make-up bag.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to try again with something of my own design, longer, maybe narrower, and this time I think I'll cut my fabric more thoughtfully so the pattern lines up nicely (duh). In a bit of non-craft business, can I just rave about Santa Barbara for a moment?&nbsp; Oscar and I were at the park today when I spotted a little meadow, chock-full of yellow daisies.&nbsp; It spoke to me.&nbsp; It said, "come over here and frolic and take pictures of your adorable son!"&nbsp; So I did, and it was kind of great. And then on the drive home, I saw the strawberry van that is always parked on the side of the road with a sign that says, "Picked Today!" and couldn't pass it up.&nbsp; I really like living in the center of the strawberry-growing universe. p.s. sorry to those of you living in winter wonderlands.&nbsp; :) Thanks for subscribing! Someone had a magical time at Disneyland ... Oscar proved himself a little daredevil, and went on every ride with me.&nbsp; We had so much fun! We've been spending the last several days trying to feel human again after too much partying and not enough napping.&nbsp; I think we're just about there. Sorry I don't have anything new to share today!&nbsp; Craft time is resuming tonight. Thanks for subscribing! Some of the best people in the world flew into California for the weekend and we are all spending a couple of days at Disneyland.&nbsp; No crafts to be spoken of ... just fun rides, a monte cristo sandwich , lots of board games, and hopefully a good dose of child-like wonder. I made some simple mickey shirts for our little guys to wear, freezer paper stenciled, as usual.&nbsp; I keep getting the same question - where can you buy freezer paper?&nbsp; You should be about to find it at any grocery store.&nbsp; I buy Reynold's brand, and it is usually right next to the aluminum foil and saran wrap. Have a happy weekend! Thanks for subscribing! Time for another maternity refashion.&nbsp; I found this blue t-shirt on clearance at Target for $1.50 (sorry there's no "before" photo).&nbsp; It was about two sizes larger than I would buy pre-pregnancy, which was perfect for the refashion. All I did was add 1/4" elastic to both side seams.&nbsp; I started just below the bust, secured the elastic with a few stitches, and then stretched the elastic as I sewed down the seam using a zig-zag stitch (the more you stretch the elastic, the more gathered the fabric will be).&nbsp; I stopped the elastic about 1/2" above the bottom hem of the shirt. Here's what it looks like from the inside (not my tidiest work, but oh well): Very easy!&nbsp; You still have plenty of room for the growing bump, and don't have to wear a tent.&nbsp; Hurray for that. Thanks for subscribing! We're having a girl!&nbsp; I sure hope my sewing machine is up to the task. Thanks for subscribing! I finally finished my totes and burp cloths for my giveaway winners last night.&nbsp; Sorry they took so long to sew, ladies!&nbsp; I'm putting them all in the mail today. girlfiend and Meghan will be recieiving a spring tote.&nbsp; Do you love this fabric like I do?&nbsp; It is called Flourish Floral Tiles Turquoise by Studio e Fabrics .&nbsp; &nbsp; If you want to make one for yourself, just follow my easy Spring Tote Tutorial (now updated with additional fabric dimensions if you don't want to use tea towels)! &nbsp; &nbsp; Lizzy will receive a set of 4 baby burp cloth s.&nbsp; I really love this flannel - it is bright and cheery. &nbsp; That's all for now.&nbsp; I have a big doctor's appointment today.&nbsp; Any predictions on if I'll get to use the pink baby blanket I've been crocheting all week? Thanks for subscribing! This weekend was my hubby's 30th birthday.&nbsp; I've always thought that 30 is the perfect age.&nbsp; Prime of your life. Anyway, I had plans to continue the geek-cake tradition started last year, but Jared requested a chocolate pie.&nbsp; I needed something special and homemade to add to his birthday, so I made him a freezer paper stenciled space invaders t-shirt using this cross-stitch pattern as my guide. &nbsp; While I was in stencil-mode, I made a birthday t-shirt for me and Oscar.&nbsp; Oscar's said "I love daddy" and mine said "I love Jared." Jared was so embarrassed when I wore my shirt out in public.&nbsp; But if you can't proclaim your love on a t-shirt, what's the point?&nbsp; :) &nbsp; Thanks for subscribing! If you knew me when, you'd know I used to watch many more movies than I do now. When I started with Netflix in 2004, I saw about 300 movies each year. Lately, I've managed one DVD from Netflix each week, and one theatrical title each week. I saw only 171 movies in 2009! Pitiful. The Netflix Rating Granulizer for Greasemonkey does exactly that. Install this extension in your browser, and you'll be able to assign ratings with half a star. I used it to give The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus 3.5 stars. It's better than OK, but I didn't really like it. I have rated over 3000 titles on Netflix.com. I use Netflix as my main repository of movie ratings. I like to know how I rated a movie, in case someone asks me. Sometimes I can't remember if I've seen a movie, or if I liked it enough to see it again, so I refer to my Netflix rating. Having to refer to Netflix is inconvenient sometimes. I don't want to have to start over from scratch with ratings on every movie Web site. What if I quit Netflix? What's going to happen to all those ratings? Now I can keep them. The LikeMinds Web app allows you to take your Netflix ratings with you, or move them from one Web site to another. Right now, you can export ratings from Amazon, Blockbuster, Flixster, Imdb, Movielens, Netflix, RottenTomatoes, and Yahoo, and import to Amazon, Blockbuster, Movielens, Netflix, and RottenTomatoes. They will be adding others. It took about 10 minutes for my 3030 ratings to be imported from Netflix into LikeMinds.com. It took about a minute to download them to a file on my laptop. It's in alpha at the moment, so they are looking for feedback on problems or features and are quick to respond. Let me know if you use it, and what your experience is. Netflix has been around for 12 years. I can hardly believe it was already seven years old when I joined in 2004. However, there are still folks out there who have never joined. I was at the doctor's office a few weeks ago, and was shocked that my nurse didn't know how Netflix worked. I reckon alot of you never considered trying Netflix until someone gave you a gift subscription. So, if you got Netflix for Christmas, and you are a total newbie, please leave a comment. I'd love to meet you. Tell us what you think. The Leonard Maltin iPhone/iPod Touch app I posted about is on sale at the iTunes store for $2.99, down from $4.99. It's based on his paperback movie guide. I reckon the price drop is because of how slow the search feature is. Also, you can't find things by keyword. You have to know the exact title or name, or at least the beginning letters. If you search for movie titles containing the word "Henry", you'll get Henry V, but not The Private Life of Henry VIII. Even with these problems, I still love and recommend the app. Get it while it's on sale, and you'll get free updates when they fix these problems. Netflix recommends I watch Wings of Desire (1987) , and predicts that I will give it 3.9 stars , based on my feelings for Nosferatu the Vampyre (with Bruno Ganz), Downfall (a great movie also starring Bruno Ganz) and Big (!). The problem is I've already seen it. I rented it from Netflix in 2006 and rated it 3 stars . I guess it went out of print and then a new edition was made, but the rating I gave it in 2006 didn't transfer from that edition to this. I don't remember exactly why I gave it a lower rating. Should I re-rate it 3 stars, in total disagreement with what Netflix knows about me? Or trust Netflix? I feel bad for disagreeing with the Netflix prediction of my rating, because they spent a million dollars to improve their recommendations. Two things of note: I love Bruno Ganz, as an actor, and I rate every movie I've seen on Netflix.com. I am thrilled to learn from a comment left here by Ken, that Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide is now available on the iPhone and iPod Touch . I bought mine from the App Store for $4.99, which is a third of what the book costs. The advantages of it over other applications is that you don't have to be connected to the Internet to look up movie details. You get plot summaries, star ratings, cast and director. You can search the database by title, cast, or director to get filmographies. I do this all the time when I'm out with friends. We'll be talking about movies and they ask me what other movies has an actor been in? What other movies has someone directed? They think I'm the movie expert, and I keep them impressed by using Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide. Another advantage is that you can create your own custom lists or add to Favorites or Movies to See which you can backup online. There's also a button to add movies to your Netflix queue (requires an Internet connection). I've been waiting for this ever since I gave up my Palm T|X. A good movie guide was the only thing I missed about that Palm. I left a note on Leonard Maltin's Web site, asking that they make an app for the iPhone. I reckon I wasn't the only one who wanted it. Now my iPod Touch is complete. If you don't have iTunes or an iPhone, check out the developer's Web site for screenshots and more info. P.S. No one paid me or gave me anything to write this review. It's time again for the ONE MONTH FREE TRIAL CARDS from Netflix. Act fast, because these single-use codes are available on a first-come basis. They expire October 31, 2009. Go to Netflix.com/tellafriend and enter one of these codes: M216083727415 M256053727795 M226043727745 M246053727735 You are welcome to post your unused codes in the comments. Fine print says: Cannot be combined with any other offer. Current and previous members and their households are ineligible. Netflix will bill you at the completion of the free trial unless you cancel prior to the end of the free trial. Netflix is a month-to-month subscription that you can cancel at any time. No refunds or credits for partial monthly subscription periods. Please visit Netflix.com/TermsOfUse for complete fine print. Netflix reserves the right to change terms and conditions any time they feel like it, and since I don't work for Netflix, nor do I represent them, I have no right to speak for them, and you're at your own risk. You should check out their site and not take my word for it. The little copper tree and the wood on which it sits were sent to me by Aleph. I added the birthday candle and the little figures (about 1/2 inch tall). This twisting tree reminded me of the Wallace Stevens poem On the Road Home. I tried something pretty simple with this- instead of blending bits of the three photographs I liked, I just stacked them, I think this reflects the mood of mutability in the poem.Alice picks up the red king chesspiece, who does not know what force is lifting him through the air. Feeling at the mercy of forces beyond our control frequently results in reverting to the primitive (did someone say reptilian brain?). 14 x 5" About five years back, when I was just starting to paint, I emailed a well-known artist and asked him to take a look at my work and tell me what I was missing. He offered one comment that stuck with me - to pay as much attention to the edges as the content. I was too tight - too illustrative. And it's not what I wanted to achieve - I wanted to find the balance of details needed and leave the rest to impression. With each and every painting, I have to pay great attention to that fine line - not to say there are days when I desire to tighten up and other times I desire to really lay on the painterly strokes. I don't have a favorite feature in this new piece - I love all of it. That final dab of light blue on the bathing suit mattered, although I don't know what made me do it other than intuition. The edges are just as I want - allowing some to be rough and some soft. Please click here for a larger view and purchase information. 12 x 12" Front and center, on the third floor of the Art Institute, hangs Gustave Caillebotte's enormous painting 'Paris Street, Rainy Day' - certainly the biggest crowd-pleaser in the museum. There's plenty of room to not only get up close, but to back up a good 30 - 40 feet and take it all in. When I was a teenager, I would sit on the floor in front of this masterpiece and draw dozens of versions of parts of this urban scene - not knowing I'd paint it dozens of times thirty years later. My favorite feature of this new piece is the man on the far right, on his way out. I have wanted to add more movement in figures - a slight blur or even a ghost of a shape - just knowing when it's right is the tough part. And knowing how to get the idea across, without looking like my hand smudged the paint unintentionally is even harder. It's something I'm working on more and more, mostly behind the scenes. Please click here for a larger view and purchase information. 16 x 16" This new painting is the largest piece in the show - done on a cradled masonite panel - and like the painting 'Below the Belt' , I added a paprika-like ground color on top of the black and let that vibrant, warm tone show through in many of the edges as well as the floor, which is what I love most about the end result. The two figures were wonderful to paint, especially the woman who has that great S-shaped posture. Included front and center is Georgia O'Keeffe's 'Black Cross, New Mexico', one of my all-time personal favorites in the Art Institute of Chicago. Please click here for a larger view and purchase information. 9 x 12" How about a moment of Zen - forget the cold, wet, dreary weather outside and imagine yourself soaking up the warm sun on the beach all by yourself. And remember, brighter days are ahead. Not soon enough - but it's coming. My first thought about this new painting is it can best be appreciated in person. The vibrancy of the skin tones, the yellow towel and especially the turquoise water and multi-blues sky - the texture and warmth in the sand, which I used a palette knife for most of that - yes, I wish I could hold up the real thing right in front of you. As with most paintings. In the process of painting this, I did the figure first, the water next, the people walking about and in the ocean way in the distance - and then wiped the whole thing off. Those moments are funny - here I just spent hours on what I thought was nearly complete and it's as if my hand just took over and grabbed a rag and, in seconds, trashed it. So I sit there stunned for a minute, hearing that little voice that assures me it wasn't right and get over it. Just as quick as it disappeared, I start it all over again - lessons learned - which usually makes the second attempt much more successful. Now.... mix yourself a margarita and click here for a larger view and purchase information. 12 x 12" I may have said this before - when I'm in a museum, I find myself so focused on looking at people rather than the art. It's been an obsession since I was a kid - watching the human figure and studying how we move, stand, balance, sit ...... all of it. And when I start a painting, there's always something that stands out right away - a feature that is essentially why I'm interested in the photograph in the first place. In this case, I saw this gentleman and his clothes as one united, interesting form - I felt the weight of the fabric, the heavy load of the backpack and especially the zigzags created by the folds of the pants. I just love that feature. I also saw the warmth of the overall tones - the golds, reds, greys - and chose to paint a rich, paprika-like color on top of the black surface I usually start with and hoped it would peek through in parts as long as I didn't go too far and cover it all up. The challenge being to let the edges do what they do, without nit picking. Like here in the legs ..... I was so happy with the some of the red showing through the creamy wall and the looseness of the shadows around the Picasso - again allowing edges to overlap and disappear into each other. That's what I get when I stay away from small brushes - I'm forced to take more control of the strokes but I can't over-paint it. This young man was studying Picasso's 'Mother and Child', which hangs in the Modern Wing in the Art Institute of Chicago. Please click here for a larger view and purchase information. Booster Seat I and II each is 8 x 10" Whew ! All of the new paintings are officially in the Morris &amp; Whiteside Gallery , currently being hung for the three-artists-show opening Friday, the 26th and I feel I can relax a little bit. And I'm very happy to start showing you each and every painting - and if you don't mind - I want to add to that some of my favorite details or 'sweet spots' that make them special. Let me start with the paintings you see above - two women taking a rest on a bench in the Art Institute of Chicago. It's where thousands of visitors take a load off and hopefully get a boost of energy to get back to exploring. Now, you may recognize the woman on the right, I had painted her a few years back - but with this new piece, actually both paintings - I applied the oils with a palette knife, nice and thick, then carved into it with a brush, adding more detail and control. I can attest to this being more difficult and frustrating - but the challenge lies in moving the paint around, almost sculpting it in parts. Some areas have slabs of color on top of color, like in the pants and the back wall and the swirling of thick paint to move with the folds of the clothes. You may also notice, even though I'm one of three artists in this show, I titled my work "The Tute and a Tan". Let me explain how my brain works, with respect to getting the job done. I can move forward, fairly quick, if I have a specific direction. In this case, I chose to paint scenes from two of my favorite people-watching spots - the Art Institute of Chicago aka the 'Tute' - and the beach. Once I can visualize a grouping that marries well with each other, I start working. There isn't an artist that doesn't get stuck not knowing what to paint next - and this way of thinking and preparing helps me motivate. All of my paintings in the show can be viewed here - and thank you for looking. A short video can be viewed here as well. Hope you enjoy. 'Cruise Control' sold This might be a workshop meant for you - my second Field Expedition this year taking place November 1st - 5th at the Arts Center of Coastal Carolina on Hilton Head Island in South Carolina. I've seen the studio space, it's fabulous - and like the New York City workshop, we'll be painting in the early part of the day and photographing in the afternoons. I picked this location because it has provided me with loads of imagery for paintings - the beach, the low-country landscapes and Savannah and Charleston are near enough for a short road trip for more. Also, the fine people at the Morris &amp; Whiteside Gallery will be hosting an evening get-together at their gallery for our group and you may also be interested in scooting over to Charleston after the workshop is over, for their Palette and Palate Stroll during the weekend. Should be great fun. More information can be found here and you can call Vince Fazio at the Sedona Arts Center for further details and registration. 6 x 6" oil on masonite sold I am sure there's many of you out there that aren't embracing the snow right now. But remember, I live in the deep south, and this is not only a rare occurrence, it's an unusual opportunity for me to paint something different, and I love that. It is staggering to see my world blanketed in white - almost no hint of color anywhere - the muted, silver sky - the amazing quiet. If it wasn't for my slipping on the ice and dropping my camera right smack in the snow, I would say that day was a perfect day. I also get to play with thick, blended, warm and cool white paints - laid on thick and as heavy as the snow itself. So much fun. And I promise - the 18 new paintings you'll see in a few weeks will warm you up and remind you that brighter days are ahead.  I plan to stop being a public, personal, storyteller. Let me explain:&nbsp; I went to TED last month, which is a conference in Long Beach, and was asked to perform a 3 minute story in between speakers.&nbsp; I got up and told this story about Mulan learning about sex for the first time.&nbsp; I call it the Mulan-frog story (it begins with frogsÿ)&nbsp;&nbsp; It got big laughs and even a partial standing ovation at the end.&nbsp; People really loved it and I was so high and happy afterwards.&nbsp; I'm proud that I have the skill to tell a good story and make people laugh. I have a million happy memories of being onstage and making people laugh.&nbsp; There is always a dark side however.&nbsp; I am usually telling some story that could embarrass another person or I¡¯m talking about something that irritates me about someone specific.&nbsp;&nbsp; When I got home from the conference I realized that if Mulan saw my story (or a fellow student did) she could be very embarrassed.&nbsp; I was mortified and could not believe that I hadn¡¯t considered this before.&nbsp; Mulan looks good in the story ? a curious, smart nine year old.&nbsp; But the whole topic is embarrassing to a girl her age.&nbsp; I was really struck deeply about what I do onstage and the fact that I have a child.&nbsp; I hated telling stories about my mother because I knew that it could be hurtful but I did it anyway because I loved getting the laugh, I loved getting to vent, and I felt I had the right somehow to talk about her onstage.&nbsp; I guess I thought there was some sort of unwritten code that made parents fair game.&nbsp; I actually feel that¡¯s true and if Mulan grows up and tells stories about me, no matter how unflattering, I will gladly accept that as her right.&nbsp; (I¡¯ll be in the front row, no ? wait!&nbsp; More lovingly, I will not be anywhere near the place!) But the other way around, me telling stories about herÿ That¡¯s different. After much agonizing, little niggling things that I have hated for a long time about performing stories about my own life fulminated to the surface.&nbsp; I no longer wish to be so naked and bare.&nbsp; I am surprised I ever did want to do it.&nbsp; Don¡¯t get me wrong, I¡¯m glad I did.&nbsp; I am proud that I learned to craft my experiences into a story and I am proud that I learned the craft of being on-stage.&nbsp; But now, I need to stop doing it.&nbsp; I am happily married, for one thing, and it¡¯s boring and inappropriate to talk about.&nbsp; My daughter is ten and she reads my blog, (OMG!) she goes to my shows.&nbsp;&nbsp; In fact we have spoken at length about the stories I tell about her.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not that, at ten, she is really capable of understanding the ramifications.&nbsp; Still, she says it¡¯s okay to tell the Mulan-frog story.&nbsp; But ugh.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don¡¯t think she really understands.&nbsp; I feel the need to protect her from myself! In some ways, this is just another example of our Internet age.&nbsp; When I started telling stories about my life, it was in a basement club in L.A. called Luna Park, in 1994, where the maximum capacity was 50 people.&nbsp; We were recording the shows, but it wasn¡¯t for mass consumption.&nbsp; What I mean is that I could speak as if it were ¡°off the record.¡±&nbsp; This lulled me into a sense of secrecy and intimacy and allowed me to say anything no matter how raw.&nbsp; I was uncensored. But, there is no more ¡°off-the-record¡± anymore.&nbsp; Anything can be posted online.&nbsp; Immediately.&nbsp; I think this is, on balance, good ? it makes people accountable in a new and direct way.&nbsp; But for me ? well let¡¯s just say I would probably never have begun telling stories about my personal life if I¡¯d thought they could be available to any interested person, instantly.&nbsp; But once I started, I got used to the open-nature of talking about my life.&nbsp; I learned to live with the downsides, the embarrassment, possibly even when it hurt or embarrassed other people.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then, when blogging came along, it seemed like such a natural thing to do.&nbsp; Jill Sobule and I have been working for a few years now doing a show together.&nbsp; I tell about ten to fourteen stories in our show.&nbsp; (She sings songs, I tell stories)&nbsp; We have worked hard to make the show work dramatically and musically. I think we¡¯ve succeeded.&nbsp; In fact, I think our show is at least as good as any other show I¡¯ve done, maybe better.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I¡¯m glad I tell all those stories in our show.&nbsp; But I don¡¯t want to tell any more.&nbsp;&nbsp; The stories that are out there, well, they¡¯re out there.&nbsp; But thenÿ after thisÿ well, I want to retire from it.&nbsp;&nbsp; At least for a while.&nbsp; Maybe forever, I dunno. We have about 12 scheduled shows for this year (2010).&nbsp; Mostly in the summertime and mostly in the Northeast and the Northwest.&nbsp;&nbsp; After talking this over with Jill, we have agreed to do those shows.&nbsp; We may actually add a show or two.&nbsp; We may also find a way to film our show in the autumn.&nbsp; But by the end of this year, I plan to stop doing this show.&nbsp; And then face 2011 not performing. I haven¡¯t written in my blog because I am always so suspicious of any type of big revelation or big announcement.&nbsp; I almost felt that if I announced that I was going to stop performing, there would inevitably be some reason not to stop it.&nbsp; I have mulled this over for the last month or so.&nbsp; And it feels good.&nbsp; It feels right. Sometimes I feel that my creativity, (and not just mine, but everyone¡¯s creativity) is like the snow on a mountaintop melting a little at a time.&nbsp; All my various outlets ? performing and writing in all its manifestations -- create little rivers through which the snow can melt.&nbsp; I always liked having so many things going at once.&nbsp; I always felt that in show business, you had to have five pots on the stove just to get one of them to boil.&nbsp; I benefited from being so multi-able.&nbsp; I could do voice over and then perform at a club, I could write a monologue and then write a pilot for a TV show.&nbsp; But lately it feels that I have fragmented my focus with this policy.&nbsp; I want the snow to melt into a couple of larger rivers, not into several smaller streams.&nbsp; And so, after the TED experience, I found myself wondering what I¡¯m doing with myself.&nbsp; How am I directing my energies?&nbsp; I began to look at the darker side of telling stories about my personal life.&nbsp; The guilt, the anguish, the desire to emphasize this over that, the slant, the small or large exaggeration, the worry that someone I¡¯m talking about will see or hear me.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then I suppose you could say the tipping point was Mulan. Also, many things have changed.&nbsp; I am now more able to be isolated (having moved to the Midwest from Los Angeles) and conversely, I am now in more regular and intimate interdependence with people.&nbsp; I guess what I mean is that I have a husband and a child.&nbsp;&nbsp; There is already a lot of interaction in my life, and I have begun to crave more and more alone time.&nbsp; I desire privacy.&nbsp; I don¡¯t want my personality to be so known anymore.&nbsp; (My personality has been so slutty!&nbsp; Time to join a convent!) So, in the last few weeks I have beta-tested my new views.&nbsp; And it¡¯s already had such forceful and creative results.&nbsp; I am focusing on a couple of screenplays; with my writing partner Jim Emerson.&nbsp;&nbsp; I may or may not finish writing the memoir of my letting go of God time, ¡°My Beautiful Loss-of-Faith Story.¡±&nbsp; Of course, I¡¯ll do the Jill &amp; Julia shows with Jill Sobule during this year.&nbsp; Then I plan to hang up my mouth.&nbsp; I can see Jill and I doing another show, someday, but not until way into the future.&nbsp; (If she wants to!) (In ten years!)&nbsp; I do honestly have that fantasy.&nbsp; Or I can imagine that I will change in a few yea rs time and want to get back up on stage.&nbsp; Or maybe I will develop the skills to talk about things that aren¡¯t so personal and private, like many other comics do.&nbsp; That could happen.&nbsp; But I doubt it.&nbsp; And at the very least, I doubt it for the foreseeable future. Anyway, here I am making a big pronouncement, just what I didn¡¯t want to do.&nbsp; I¡¯m trying to write this in a way that appears that I¡¯m mindful of the unpredictable events that could occur.&nbsp; But insofar as I can plan ahead, and insofar as I can predict my attitude, and insofar as I have the ability to point myself towards one thing over another, I feel the plan to stop talking about myself publicly is right. So, this means that I won¡¯t be blogging about my family.&nbsp; Or really blogging at all. I am so thankful for all the people who have read my blog and commented.&nbsp; Please, if you can, come to see one of the Jill &amp; Julia Shows this year.&nbsp; For me, this show is so meaningful; it¡¯s an end of an era.&nbsp;&nbsp; For 16 years I have been getting on stage and spilling my guts while simultaneously attempting to make people laugh.&nbsp; That¡¯s a long time.&nbsp; This decision feels like a death.&nbsp; It¡¯s hard to envision myself as myself without the outlet and the drive to get onstage and talk about it.&nbsp;&nbsp; On the other hand, it doesn¡¯t seem right to continue either.&nbsp; This decision feels inevitable and yet surprising and mostly very, very right.&nbsp; I¡¯m so excited about this, to be honest.&nbsp;&nbsp; Imagine me, a private person!&nbsp; (I recently joked with Jim Emerson about how I feel I was a butterfly but I¡¯m morphing into a caterpillar!) I¡¯ll be posting all the places where Jill and I have booked shows very soon.&nbsp; Thanks for reading. Botanic Gardens, Kauai Hawaii I took this pic a few years ago when Mulan and I spent Christmas with friends in Kauai. I've been thinking about Voltaire a bit. &nbsp; In our last writing session, Jim reminded me of the poem that Voltaire wrote after the Lisbon earthquake of 1755 when all the priests were railing against the people themselves for being the culprit. &nbsp;The disaster occurred because of their sinfulness. &nbsp;And now, 255 years later and we still have the like of Pat Robertson and his voodoo/pact-with-the-devil/Christian belief that Haiti brought all this on itself. Here is Voltaire's poem:&nbsp; Poem on the Lisbon Disaster - Wikisource And here is a good excerpt: What crime, what sin, had those young hearts conceived That lie, bleeding and torn, on mother's breast? Did fallen Lisbon deeper drink of vice Than London, Paris, or sunlit Madrid? In these men dance; at Lisbon yawns the abyss. Tranquil spectators of your brothers' wreck, Unmoved by this repellent dance of death, Who calmly seek the reason of such storms, Let them but lash your own security; Your tears will mingle freely with the flood. Pat Robertson is an anomaly now. &nbsp;The public is ridiculing him. &nbsp;This makes me optimistic. &nbsp;In Voltaire's time it the Catholic Church was everywhere and this was the general attitude. I really think things are changing. &nbsp;SLOWLY.&nbsp; What shocks me is that while the mainstream may mock Robertson, they don't seem to take it a step further. &nbsp;If God didn't cause the earthquake then does God cause anything? Is he a sad bystander? &nbsp;Is he able to do anything about it? &nbsp;Of course not. &nbsp;Then why believe in any God at all? &nbsp;But no one takes it that far. &nbsp;It's PC to extoll the belief that God IS there to rely on, you can cry on his shoulder, you can ask for strength. &nbsp; Why is that so acceptable? &nbsp;&nbsp; And why did the font on my blog just change? &nbsp;OH! &nbsp;I cannot stop and noodle with it, I have dinner to prepare. Val, my cat, on my desk Here is an experimental blog post - a straight-up diary of my day. So... This was my day... Got up, nudged Mulan along as she groggily got dressed for school. &nbsp; Got her breakfast and made some coffee. &nbsp;Helped her look through her homework to make sure everything was done. &nbsp;Nudged her to finish a math page and a bonus challenge homework page. &nbsp;Gave her a pre-test for her spelling quiz. &nbsp;Nudged her to get her teeth brushed and especially to floss. After she left I took the dog, Arden on a walk to Lake Michigan. &nbsp;I listened on my iphone to an audio biography about Paul Durac, a British Theoretical Physicist. &nbsp;I am convinced he had asperger syndrome only the biographer doesn't mention that. &nbsp;I get jelous of Dirac's life where everything is arranged so he can work constantly, I wish I had a Mancy (his wife's name) who made sure I was undisturbed, had food, and could take long walks. &nbsp;Today as I walk it's very deceptively icy. The sidewalks look clear but they have the thinnest layer of ice. I almost fall down a hundred times. &nbsp;I don't like the cold today. &nbsp; The lake is sad looking, a lot of dirty looking piled up snow on the edge of the lake. I look closer and see that what I thought was dirt is really sand. &nbsp;I marvel at Lake Michigan and all it's sand. Get home and Michael is completely absorbed in some lighting project at the house. &nbsp;He is a man obsessed with lighting. &nbsp;He wants to program every single light in our house so that we can stand at the door and push one button and every light we don't want on will go off. This requires a lot of work, hooking up this outlet but not that one, etc. &nbsp;He is frustrated with the software for the program and it's the third incarnation of this software he has worked with. He has been up for two nights until at least one or two a.m. working on the lighting project. &nbsp;I kid with him and say, when he gets it done I expect him to say with glee, "Now all you have to do to turn down the lights in the family room is log onto this website on your computer, enter a certain number, and the light will automatically dim!" &nbsp;He does not like my joke because you see, it's not really a joke. I leave and go get a mammogram. I have not had one for a few years. I, having had cervical cancer, should be more vigilant, but I have let things go. &nbsp;I get to the Evanston Medical Center and read the book I am completely absorbed in. "Lacuna" by Barbara Kingsolver. &nbsp;It's such a great book, a fictionalized account of a young Mexican American in the thirties who befriends Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera and Trotsky. &nbsp; I am pulled out of my reverie by a stern woman asking me to put on a gown. &nbsp;The gown is awkwardly configured so even after you tie it in the places it wants to be tied, you have to hold it closed otherwise your whole front shows as you walk down the hallway to the mammogram machine. &nbsp;The woman inside is friendly and I'm thankful for her warm hands as she manipulates my breasts this way and that. &nbsp;I think about what a weird job she has. &nbsp;I wonder if she says to people, "I just sort of fell into it." &nbsp;There is no hidden meaning in that configuration of words, I just wonder if that's the phrase she'd use. As I leave we discuss the gowns. &nbsp;She agrees, they suck. I leave and take a moment to consider that I could get a bad response on my mammogram and have cancer. I fantasize what I would do if I learned I had only one year to live. &nbsp;I decide that I would just go places to look at animals and nature and the sky at night. &nbsp;I would go to the Galapagos, or Hawaii and just sit and watch. I don't need to see any more people, I've seen big cities, but I've done it. &nbsp;I get it. &nbsp;Big vibrant city. &nbsp;I crave quiet and nature without people. &nbsp;I decide that I would have to pull Mulan out of school to go with me to Hawaii or the Galapagos. &nbsp;Of course Michael would have to come, he'd have to shut down his business and come. &nbsp;Jill Sobule would have to come too, as well as Jim Emerson. &nbsp;I guess there'd be some people. &nbsp; Then I think, it would be bad for Mulan to be pulled out of school right now because &nbsp;she is really doing well and loves her school. &nbsp;Then I remember this is all a fantasy. &nbsp;I blink back tears and come back to life. I go to my favorite bread store in Evanston. &nbsp;It's Friday and I get challah. &nbsp; I don't ask for challah bread . &nbsp;I used to do that. &nbsp;Then Michael told me that was like asking for Guinness beer. &nbsp;You just say Guinness, not Guinness beer, just as you just say challah. &nbsp;We like to buy challah for french toast on Sundays. &nbsp; I don't have Mulan with me but I remember while I'm at this store that this was where Mulan made her first decent pun. &nbsp;She said they should put a sign out on Fridays saying, "Celebrate, it's Challah-Day!" &nbsp; While I'm at the bread store I also get a turkey sandwich on their popeye bread. &nbsp;It's so good, it's worth all the points. I come home and eat my sandwich while I watch some TV footage about Haiti. I get really upset. &nbsp;I start to cry. &nbsp;It all seems so hopeless. &nbsp;What if you were stuck and had so much time before you died to know it was going to happen? &nbsp;Or worse, you didn't know if your loved ones were okay or not. &nbsp;Or even what just really happened out there. &nbsp;This is happening to someone right now. &nbsp;This makes my heart heave. I answer a few phone calls. &nbsp;I speak with a woman at Minnesota Public Radio about doing a show at the Fitzgerald theater in St. Paul in March. &nbsp;It seems like it's going to happen. &nbsp;Then I do some business paperwork, for example, I send $1000 to Sony for the rights to sing "Is That All There Is" in "Letting Go of God" for one year. Then I try to write. &nbsp;I decide my book of essays is not as important as "My Beautiful Loss Of Faith Story" the book i've been working on for years. I wonder if I can reach my goal of finishing it this year. I wonder how many years I've had this goal. I feel depressed. &nbsp;I remember we have no food in the house and Mulan is bringing a friend home after school. &nbsp; I go to the grocery store. &nbsp;I buy chicken noodle soup and oyster crackers for Mu and her friend to have after school. &nbsp;This is Mu's big TV day. &nbsp;She cannot watch any TV during the week, but on Friday after school it's a TV free-for-all. &nbsp;I also buy vegetables and after I come home, I quickly make a pasta sauce in the slow cooker. I run to meet Mu after school, but I am a few minutes late and she is nearly home and I end up meeting her half way. She has her friend with her. Mu got 100% on her spelling quiz and I am elated. &nbsp;I heat up the chicken soup for them. &nbsp;Nadia comes over to watch the girls because I have a hair appt. &nbsp;Michael has gone to work. &nbsp;I get my hair cut really short. I really look like a nun now. And I like it. &nbsp;I feel I am in "A Nun's Story" as I leave the hair salon. &nbsp;I tell myself that if my hair is going to be this short I really have to remember to wear lipstick. &nbsp;I love my hair dresser. &nbsp;She gets my hair. I come home from the salon and Michael is already home and working on his lighting project again. Mulan is upstairs in our room watching TV. &nbsp;I make everyone eat the pasta and sauce. &nbsp;It's only okay, not great. &nbsp; &nbsp;I beg everyone to watch the Netflix movie I have, "Winged Migration." &nbsp;I already saw it when it came out (in 2000) but it was so great - all about various birds' migrations across the earth. &nbsp;Michael wants to work on the lighting project, Mulan wants to watch iCarly, they don't want to watch it. &nbsp;I'm too tired to do anything useful. &nbsp;I briefly decide to go read my book in the basement, but then rally and force everyone to stop what they're doing and watch "Winged Migration." &nbsp;I really have to push. &nbsp;I momentarily hate everyone and wonder why I'm doing this. &nbsp; I think that if I'm going to die in a year I really must finish the screenplay that Jim Emerson and I are working on. We are having so much fun. &nbsp;Working with Jim has been one of my life's great joys. &nbsp;Just as I'm giving up on Mu and Michael they agree, yes, let's watch the movie together. &nbsp;I suddenly feel a huge surge of love for them. Before we watch the movie, we make popcorn in the microwave. &nbsp;Michael has experimented and experimented and if you take 1/4 cup of popcorn and a dab of oil and put it in a kid's paper lunch bag and staple the top, zap it for exactly 2 minutes, it turns out great. We watch. &nbsp;Michael loves the film but is skeptical about how much they doctored itto get certain types of shots. &nbsp;Mulan is rapt with the film, and so is Arden - it's the first time my dog watched most of a movie. &nbsp;But when it's over Mulan announces she's thrilled she's now let out of this horrible prison I've put her in, forcing her to watch this movie. &nbsp;Also, she announces that she will never eat a bird. Ohmygod, I love my family so much. Mulan goes to her room, Michael goes back to the lighting project, and I come in here and write about my day. Snow, snow, everywhere... And I love it. Wow. &nbsp;All those posts to the last blog entry have my head in constant conversation. &nbsp; I think the post that I've thought about the most was the one which indicated I was breaking the question down in a poor way. &nbsp;(Well, there were many posts pointing that out...) &nbsp;This one broke down the debate in a different way - between religion with supernatural claims and religion without supernatural claims. &nbsp; That is true. &nbsp;I guess I don't normally think of or remember that there are religions without supernatural claims. Buddhism is the only one I can think of. (Not all sects of Buddhism.) &nbsp; Or the Unitarian Church. To me, religion works best as a ritual keeper and community builder. &nbsp;These things are very important. &nbsp;In my observations - which are mostly about my upbringing in Spokane in the Catholic church and then watching my friends who have stayed in the church - the best thing they get from their religion is the shared rituals and community. &nbsp; These are the things that I really craved, in retrospect. &nbsp;I had mouthed the words and didn't think all that much about the readings, I liked Bach and the candles and the idea that I had stood in this same church year in and year out on one particular day that earmarked the dead of winter or the beginning of spring - saying the same things, hearing the same songs, watching kids grow up, flirting with boys, seeing who was getting married, mourning those who had died. &nbsp;All those things can be a part of a life without the supernatural. On the other hand, the supernatural specifics of what we were all supposed to believe were, in my opinion, &nbsp;a great hindrance to the development of a skeptical outlook and even general critical thinking skills. &nbsp;So, the ideas we were so benignly taught had an insidious price. &nbsp;We paid with our critical minds. &nbsp;SOME of my friends from Spokane, for example, have - in my humble opinion - undeveloped political opinions. &nbsp;Worse, they back off from any debate. &nbsp;They make ad homonym attacks. &nbsp;Tragically, some of them have no understanding of the tenants of other faiths, and even of their own faith. &nbsp;Sometimes it seems that they are even proud of their lack of information. &nbsp;Is the Church to blame? &nbsp;Hmmm... I kinda think so. &nbsp;I hate to say, I do. But the rituals and community continue to give. &nbsp;And I can see that it is a great value. I think the Unitarian Church can offer this, but not at the cost of your critical mind. But for me, I do not feel in need of the community anymore! &nbsp;I like the idea of it, but not the practicality of it. &nbsp;It involves a great deal of socializing and I feel that I am filled up with that. What I crave now, (and I am fifty, so maybe this is a natural thing to happen,) but I want less socializing and social obligation in my life. &nbsp;I crave quiet and contemplation. &nbsp;I want to learn. &nbsp;I feel I am hungry to learn and read and think, &nbsp;well, it's almost as if I had scurvy and were in need of an orange! &nbsp;And true learning and thinking take a lot of time and quiet. &nbsp;With a husband and a child, as well as a few very close friends, &nbsp;I feel I am up to my ears in interaction with people. &nbsp;Adding a church would put me over the edge. &nbsp;Even if Mulan may benefit from it, she would have an even more frazzled mother and I don't think that is good. ( I could just see myself getting caught up in it at first, volunteering for five committees, nodding "yes!" to the bake sale, and then being in the worst possible mood about it all for the next six months... &nbsp;Wait! This is what being at a public school is like already! &nbsp;I've so far been able to back away from most things... &nbsp;But yes, I feel guilty about it. &nbsp;Guilty or Angry? That's always my dilemma... ) I think me and my friends would have been better served by a Church that did not subscribe to supernatural beliefs. &nbsp;We would have gotten the ritual and community but not the inanity. But sometimes I wonder, would we stick to it if it didn't have a whiff of a real God on High? &nbsp; I might not have. &nbsp;It would require inculcating me about the need of community and social obligation and not about someone looking over my shoulder who could see everything. ...I wrote the above jumbled blog entry this morning and was intending all day to get back to it, reread all those wonderful posts from the last entry and rewrite it. But now it's late, and I have to fly to New York in the morning. &nbsp;So I'm just going to throw this out there. It's woefully inadequate in it's musings upon this topic. Jill Sobule and I are doing a show on Sunday night at Joe's Pub in New York and it's sold out. That is really exciting!!!! Bahai Temple, Wilmette, IL &nbsp;early Christmas morning 2009 I took this picture early this morning on my dog walk. Mulan, Michael and I opened presents, had breakfast, and then flew to L.A. &nbsp;Now I am here, and I realize how much I miss it! &nbsp;Yippity yah, five days in L.A. Not much to report, but I wrote this (below) last week and I guess I'll paste it here now... Amongst the non-believers of this world, there appears to be a split in thinking between: 1.) Those that think religion is good - regardless of truth - for some people. &nbsp;Religion is useful for those who are trying to get sober, for those who have no where to turn, for those that might not follow society's rules, for those who might not otherwise respect others, for those in complete despair, and for those that need the idea, the concept - as a new drug - to get off another one. 2.) Those who think religion and the idea of God is never good for anyone. I have always put myself in the #1 category. &nbsp; It suits me because I don't want to proclaim that seeing stark reality, which is very dark and full of potential catastrophe, is good, or possible for everyone. But this thinking is very condescending. &nbsp;It's Plato saying religion is good for the masses. &nbsp;It's Will Durant saying how religion helps to bind people together, and so for society it's good. &nbsp;It's AA using the idea of a higher power to get people to let go of another, actual drug. But #2 is so arrogant too. I mean this is all just for the rumination - religion and the idea of God is not going away and most likely never will - so this is all just blathering about the number of angels who can dance on the head of a pin . &nbsp;I have always stayed away from the #2 thinking because it puts me in a position of dismissing so much in others. I am not comfortable with it. &nbsp;It's very judgey. &nbsp;Of course, that is no way to decide what you think. &nbsp;Being&nbsp; judgey &nbsp;is the point of this whole debate! But in my private thoughts, what do I really think? &nbsp;It's like a little debate between Plato and Voltaire. &nbsp;Plato did think religion was good for the masses. &nbsp;Voltaire believed religion enslaved people. Truthfully, now I'm beginning to lean towards Voltaire. I asked my husband yesterday if he thought religion did any person any good at all. &nbsp; "Think about Anne Lamott, a nice, liberal, happy Christian, " I said, &nbsp;"Or people who get off drugs and alcohol because they find Jesus. &nbsp;I mean, aren't we all better off because of that transfer of the more dangerous drug to the more benign one?" And he said, "Maybe. But now those people are primed to follow. &nbsp;Jesus might be the idea for now, but it really could be anyone. They have made themselves programmable and basically they are sheep and now anyone could lead them - it could be to the top of a mountain or it could be off a cliff." Again, I am paraphrasing and adding imagery for emphasis. &nbsp;And may I remind you that I do not hang on this guy's every word, far from it! But I thought about that all day. &nbsp;I mean, I have always thought #1 was the benevolent point of view, the humble point of view, the less-judgemental and superior point of view, but actually that is wrong!! The #1 thinking is really so cynical and superior and #2 has all this faith &nbsp;in everyone to use rationality and critical thinking to get through. &nbsp; #2 is actually the humble - or no, the optimistic point of view! &nbsp;(Not that being humble or optimistic is some sort of proof for an argument!) &nbsp;But you know, neither of these words is right, it's more like empowering - it's the empowering point of view. I have not really come to any conclusions about this. &nbsp;But I'm just realizing how there is this split in thinking and I'm not sure - I vacillate between those views. Arden, in the backseat of the just-bought mini-van, as we drove from Los Angeles to Chicago, embarking a year ago today, Dec. 17, 2008. A year ago Mulan and I, after watching a moving company depart with all of our possessions, joined Michael as we drove together from California to Illinois. &nbsp;There was a huge storm which prevented us from taking the route we wished to take - through Santa Fe and instead we drove south, through Arizona and then Texas. &nbsp;It took four days. &nbsp;We had a dog in the car who wanted to kill, really truly kill and eat, the cat in the car. &nbsp;We stopped at Motel 6s, we saw billboards in Texas that proclaimed that Obama was not born in the U.S., we watched Arden pee in ice for the first time. &nbsp;It was an adventure. We arrived here just before Christmas, slept in our new house all together on sleeping bags in the master bedroom, and wandered our neighborhood thinking, "What the hell did we just do?" And what have I done this year? &nbsp; Adjust, be a mom who's around a lot, do a few shows, write a pilot, and empty a bunch of boxes. &nbsp;The house is still not totally organized - the basement is on it's way... &nbsp;But I am much happier here and thrilled to be in this new family. &nbsp;It really does feel like a family. &nbsp;Mulan can barely remember life before Michael. &nbsp;Last night we talked about the drive. &nbsp;For Mulan, this was our biggest adventure of all. &nbsp;She often refers to the drive and wants to do it again - with the cat and the dog. (That part was not so much fun for me.) Anyway, as I have not taken a picture the last couple of days, I thought I'd throw up that one of Arden, a year ago, on his way to his own new adventure here. What am I thinking about? &nbsp;Well, I am very sad about the healthcare "overhaul." &nbsp;I am very sad about Obama and I am wondering if he is really who I thought he was. &nbsp;I read Robert Reich's and Glenn Greenwald's articles on Salon and I am just really so sad, and so disappointed, and I wish they would not vote for this deal and I like Howard Dean even more than I ever have and I hate Joe Leiberman, even though this demise is not all his doing. (Last night I overheard Mulan telling Michael, "Mom was in the car driving and yelling, 'That Joe Leiberman!' and her fists were clenched.") Anyway, let's change the subject. &nbsp;What other things am I thinking about? I am thinking about all the letters I have gotten from people and how much they mean to me. I want to write back everyone, and I hope to send at least a thank you. &nbsp;I am trying to just be present and take it all in. I am thinking about some of the questions that people have asked. &nbsp;Some people worry about having meaning in a world without god in it. &nbsp;I don't have the best answer for that yet (I am mulling on that one) but I remember once being at a convention withMale Yellowhammer, hatched last yearMale Goldfinch, also hatched last yearBeen ringing again, this time on our monthly visit to Beeston. It was really too windy to be very productive, but we did catch the first Yellowhammer for quite some time, an array of Greenfinches and Chaffinches, and a Goldfinch.Yesterday, we were very close to catching a Sparrowhawk, but by the time we'd legged it to the net, it had got out and flown off.To make up for the disappointment, we caught three Long-tailed Tits. Two of them had consecutive ring numbers - they were the same two we'd caught together at dusk the previous month! Everyone say 'ahhhhh'...I've been so busy lately that I've barely had any time for photos during the week, and I haven't managed much at weekends either. Hopefully normal service will soon be resumed. Highlights in the garden have been up to 15 Reed Buntings and four Yellowhammers. No sign of newts in the pond yet, though there have been a few Backswimmers and Lesser Diving Beetles pootling around.photos taken with Canon EOS 30D  W elcome to the February 28, 2010 edition of Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art. There was an electronic mountain of submissions this month. Sadly, most of them had little to do with original writing and art. What kept me going were the lovely submissions that did follow the guidelines and here they are. Do stop by their blogs to offer congratulations and encouragement. Creative Nonfiction Sarah Clark presents Sarah...Phenomenally: Divorce and Metamorphosis posted at Sarah...Phenomenally . Yvaine presents Too Much Snow posted at My Vanilla Nook , saying, "Snow is good, but you can only take so much." Fiction MaxwellDB presents Lake Ontario posted at MaxwellDB , saying, "Lake Ontario is a short science fiction story. It's an objectively-written piece about a man alone on Titan, one of Saturn's moon. He is a cog in an automated research machine-- something that causes him great difficulty." Tessa presents my roommate ? kajoemanis posted at kajoemanis . drukdude presents The Fellowship of the Null-pointer | Story Collection posted at Story Collection , saying, "Spontaneous Short Stories by strangers gathered on the train!" Genre Bender Livia Blackburne presents A 100% Absolutely and Completely Realisitic Neuroscience Love Scene (Love At First Sight Blogfest) posted at Livia Blackburne . Poetry Madeleine Begun Kane presents Super Bowl Sunday Blues posted at Mad Kane's Humor Blog . ThoughtsBlogger presents Life's Defiants posted at Random Thoughts , saying, "A poem about the things that keep us going in the fight that is life." Robert Terrell presents galactic dreamers ? haiku posted at the existential poet , saying, "The Existential Poet Blog contains my original haiku poetry. I maintain a strict form, the 5-7-5 syllable structure, which suits my poetic creativity very well. I write about all sorts of subjects, with an existential (human feelings) attitude. Many of my haiku have seasonal references, and many focus on inner states of being. And, I love moon haiku!" That concludes this edition. Submit your blog article to the next edition of Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art using our carnival submission form . Past posts and future hosts can be found on our blog carnival index page . surname . eulogy . overproductive sympathy . coerce . bucktoothed crackerjack . dismiss . designer prejudice . navigate . vaporize . lightheaded . fraction . sanctimonious strategist Be famous. Submit to the Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art. Submission Guidelines Be famous. Submit to the Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art. Submission Guidelines Be famous. Submit to the Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art. Submission Guidelines Be famous. Submit to the Easy Street Carnival of Writing and Art. Submission Guidelines The World Health Organization said the Swine Flu does not appear to be spreading in a significant way. Mexican health officials have lowered its suspected death toll by 75 people, which indicates the disease is not as widespread or dangerous as originally suspected.  So far, cases of the Swine Flu outside of Mexico haven't been as severe. At this point 18 countries have reported outbreaks of the disease and significant measures have been taken in each to prevent further contamination.  Overall, initial concerns and predictions haven't been substantiated .  Originally reported by the BBC .  Scars are a part of life, but not for much longer. Scientists have discovered a drug that reduces the appearance of surgical scars.  Scaring is prevented when the compound, avotemin, is injected into the skin around a surgical incision before and after a surgery. Avotemin works to send signals between cells so the body's collagen knits more effectively, which reduces scars.  With more research the compound may result in an anti-scaring treatment. Even thought the drug is only cosmetic it can help people feel better about themselves - always a good thing. No one wants to be reminded of their injuries and illnesses.  Originally reported by Daily Mail.   A recent study on sperm may result in a win for everyone. Researchers discovered a gene mutation that causes infertility and the discovery may lead to  a cure. The discovery may also lead to the development of a male contraceptive pill. In just one study two issues may be addressed.  The researchers were initially trying to isolate genetic causes of deafness, but instead found two different DNA mutations in the CATSPER 1 gene that effected a man's ability to produce a protein related to sperm "hyperactivity," or sperms ability to move fast enough to penetrate a female egg. It is possible that antibodies could be developed that could bind to the defective protein thus creating healthy, active sperm. Additionally, the mutation would be selectively applied in pill form and create a male birth control pill. Both applications need more research and development. Nevertheless - there's hope for those who and don't want children.  Originally reported by the BBC .  Seeing is believing and a 73-year-old man that lost his eyesight thirty years ago can now believe - his sight is back. With the help of a bionic eye, Ron can now track light and make out basic shapes. He says he can short socks for the first time in thirty years.   Ron's experimental surgery took place at London's Moorfield's eye hospital. A tiny camera mounted on a pair of sunglasses transmits data via a cable to electrodes that sit upon Ron's retinas. When the electrodes are stimulated they transmit messages to the optic nerve in Ron's brain, which in turn allows him to see the light pattern experienced by the camera.  With training, patients will be able to create meaningful images based on the light patterns they can now see. To date, eighteen people have bionic eyes and more will follow.  Originally reported by the BBC.   Half a million people with severe asthma now have an effective treatment.  Two groups of researchers from the UK and Canada found injections of mepolizumab , an antibody, help reduce the frequency of severe attacks in people with asthma exacerbated. Aside from decreasing the number of attacks, the treatment also allows asthma patients to decrease their use of steroids, which have multiple negative side effects like weight gain and bone loss.  This type of asthma is linked to abnormally high levels of white blood cells called eosinophils . The antibody injections bring the white blood cell count down and that prevents the server airway inflammation associated with asthma.  The treatment reduces attacks by up to 50 percent and increases the quality of life for asthma sufferers .  Originally reported by the BBC .  Learning about endangered species is no easy task. The Saharan cheetah falls into this category and is rarely seen - until now. A team from the Zoological Society of London has captured several images of the endangered animal. The images help identify individual animals and provide information about the allusive species, which little is know about.  With fewer than 250 mature individuals in the wild, the Saharan cheetah faces extinction. By gathering images of the animals that roam just six countries (Algeria, Togo, Niger, Mali, Benin, and Burkina Faso), zoologists hope to understand the animals' movement and ecology. This information may help save the species.  If nothing else, the images provide another face to a problem humans love to ignore - endangered species.  Originally reported by the BBC.  Photo by Farid Belbachir of the Zoological Society of London.    An allergy to peanuts is no joke. For some, just smelling peanuts can result in a fatal reaction. Which makes finding a cure all the more important and useful. A team from Cambridge's Addenbrooke's Hospital may have done just that. The team effectively cured four children of their peanut allergy.  Over the course of six mouths, the team gave the children larger and larger exposures to peanuts to build up their bodies' tolerance to the nut. By the end of the six month period the children could eat five peanuts a day and have no reaction. This is the first food allergy to be mitigated by exposure.  Even though more testing needs to be done on the method, it does give people with the debilitating allergy hope. People with peanut allergies agonize over food products and often can't eat in certain restaurants because of the allergy.  If the allergy is curable that means improved quality of life. (It also means airlines might start serving peanuts again. Here's hoping.)  Originally reported by the BBC .  We've all done it - forgotten to charge our phone then appealed to a friend for theirs, but of course they have a different brand of phone so their charger won't work. This annoying scenario will be a thing of the past.  The major phone companies - Nokia, Motorola, Samsung, Sony Ericsson, LG, T-Mobile, Orange, 3, AT&amp;T and Vodafone - have agreed to come together and create a universal phone charger that can be used with any handset model. The majority of phones will support the new charger by 2012.  Additionally, the charger will be environmentally friendly and consume 50 percent less stand-by energy compared to today's chargers.   Let's give props to the major phone companies for thinking about their customers and how they can make our lives easier. It's also impressive that they would make the charger use less energy. Too bad the iPhone isn't included!  Originally reported by the BBC .  Well, I made it to Fairbanks. It's a beautiful first day of spring, sunny and warm - 33 degrees. Downright tropical in this part of the world. I haven't been to this region of Alaska in nearly seven years; I'm actually surprised how much of it feels familiar to me. We had a great trip up, traveling overland - the only way to travel. We took the ferry to Skagway and chugged up White Pass in my friend Bjorn's old Subaru (crossing our fingers the entire way). We visited friends in Whitehorse and continued north on the Alaska Highway to Kluane Lake, where we geared up for an overnight "ski" trip (I was on snowshoes) in the frigid mountains of the Yukon. :: nesting newbies :: :: destined to design :: :: the drifter and the gypsy :: :: sweet fine day :: :: yatzer :: ok so here's the real deal, I am obsessed with my blogroll! ok, not the literal roll but the incredible blogs listed on it! and not because I think they are great but because I think they are great and I enjoy them, I am inspired by them and I happily follow them daily. my blogroll is not just a place to share what I love to read with you lovelies but a place for me to actually sort out what I love to read. i have a little method - I bookmark inspiring blogs and sites and then update my blogroll every few months so I don't lose them in my - what I thought was a streamlined - bookmarking system. I realized a few weeks ago that all of my bookmark folders have, oh, tons and tons of sites marked and I can (sadly) lose track of what I actually bookmarked to enjoy. I just updated my blogroll ( now over 165 sweet blogs and sites ) with a bunch of new fab additions and wanted to share a few with you - they are lovely!! enjoy, support, love and inspire. nesting newbies :: new online lifestyle magazine run by two amazing women with a spread of food, entertaining, home design and more. and the online mag has streaming video in the articles - super creative. destined to design :: an la gal that is inspired everyday and shares it through her lovely blog. the drifter and the gypsy :: the sweet micaela's blog is full of design, photography and cool words. she also happens to be a recent Blog Out Loud panelist . sweet fine day :: an owner of a confectionery's blog?! yes! sweet, pretty and lovely photos to boot. yatzer :: my new fave innovative and eclectic "finger on the pulse" design mag that curates cool stuff. :: all images from their respective blogs :: last week at Blog Out Loud 5 , one of the lovely items in our goodie bags were cookies, generously donated from Sweet Ambs . ok, people, these cookies are -seriously- gorgeous! I felt bad eating it (but I did :) I especially love the cameo cookie and was inspired to pull another banquette seating image, one of my fave small space ideas. Spring is almost here and I am so excited for sunny long days and San Francisco fun! :: cookies by Sweet Ambs and kitchen by decorpad :: it's such a pretty day in San Francisco today and spring is on it's way! I have been thinking about coral and white - clean, romantic colors that feel good all the time. I love this striped pillow from Williams-Sonoma Home. Changing out your throw pillow covers is an easy and affordable way to change the entire vibe of your small space.&nbsp; Many of us have family heirlooms and fond knick knacks in our small spaces. I definitely believe in creating a home with items that make you feel good! Another way to create a vibe is to include furniture and decor that sparks inspiration. I am loving these colorful side tables with vintage cigar vignettes. They remind me of an outdoor cafe in Paris! Oh la la! What do you have in your small space that creates a certain vibe and/or style? :: top image via Flickr/d'alk and the other two by me :: Looking forward to seeing you there!!&nbsp; And if you want to follow us live, you can starting around 7pm PST! Just head over to - twitter.com/blogoutloud or #blogoutloud Check out the BOL blog tomorrow for photos and recaps from tonight's event! i love that line in the Sex and the City episode when Carrie is writing for Vogue and she makes a comment about not "having a {vague} idea". When I was about in my new city, I spotted this neat backdrop featuring vintage Vogue covers and had to share it with you guys. How neat would this be framed, leaning against a wall? Or hung on wall as a backdrop to a desk area? I bet this could be an easy DIY too. Just find some vintage magazine images and make your own collection. Call a sign company and see how much it would be to print the size you need. Hmmm, more to come on this one in my own small space!&nbsp; like many of you, I heart target! i get lost in the aisles of goodies and love their designer series across the board. plus they have the best pomegranate scented candles - yes! I just spotted these exclusive keys on their site , thought they were super cute and wanted to share with you guys. often overlooked, your key ring is your first step into your small space so add a key ring that makes you happy!&nbsp; lately I've been seeing a new crop of x-benches popping up with a more industrial vibe and really am considering this look - love it! there's something classic about this style yet the it's accessible and cool! plus these pieces double, or even triple, in small spaces. i am loving the x-inspired bench that I spotted recently on a blog I recently discovered, Good Bones, Great Spaces. I love the placement under the window and that it's a bench more then an ottoman. actually, one of my first Apartment Therapy posts was about x-inspired furniture . :: image via Good Bones, Great Spaces :: Dear friends of Bubby, Six years ago we started a blog with our grandmother, Bubby, as a way to share her wise advice with the world. We knew that everyone would love her wit, candor and compassion. This little experiment soon turned into something more special than we could have ever imagined. Within months, Bubby was receiving letters from thousands of people around the world, pouring out their hearts, and sharing their most personal stories with our grandmother. She loved offering her help. She loved reading your letters every day. She was so proud to be a Bubby to all of you. Sadly, last night, we lost our Bubby. At 94, she was still beautiful. Thank you for all of your contributions over the years. You helped make her life that much more special. With love, the granddaughters Reader Update! In July of 2006, we received a letter from a 29-year old woman with a broken heart . And this wasn't the first time she had to pick up the pieces. She and her fiance were supposed to be married in 2005, but he called it off and they parted ways. 6 months later he found his way back to her, begged for forgiveness, re-proposed, and she accepted. A few months went by and he called off the wedding again. But of course he kept her dangling and her hopes for a third reunion remained high. When you hear a story like this, you want to yell from the rooftops, "FORGET HIM!" But as we all know, the heart can be hard-of-hearing sometimes. And this girl needed some advice. Leave it to Bubby to set things straight. Bubby wasted no time referring to this man as an " immature fellow ." She wrote, " I recommend you forget him and if he calls, just tell him the party is over... There are many fish in the sea and I am sure there is one who is looking for you... Life with this person will never happen. I wish you all the happiness in the world." Even an anonymous commenter left a note saying: " Bubby's quite right. If he breaks it off once, and comes back, and all's well, fine. We all make mistakes, and we all have doubts. If he breaks it off twice?! Run, and never look back." There is nothing we love more at this website than an update letter with a happy ending. So we are pleased to report that nearly 3 years to the date of this original posting, we heard from this woman again. What do you think happened? Did he finally grow a pair? Did she learn her lesson? Did she take Bubby's advice?" Read on to find out... Dear Bubby, I wanted to write to up-date you and to thank you for the very good advice you gave me some three years ago now. My then fiance had called off our wedding for the second time and I was so distressed. You said I should forget this immature person who had wasted so much of my time. I took your advice and it really really worked out! After deciding to end all contact with my ex-fiance, I worked hard on my career and found a fantastic new job. The very first month I met a colleague in another department and, in time, we fell in love. We married last year and are now expecting our first child. With my ex, everything was difficult. With my now husband, everything is easy - we can really talk and he is so kind, fun and gentle. And, he was, from the beginning, absolutely sure about me. He is also supportive of my career as we work in the same field, something my ex never was. Really, he just cares deeply about my happiness and I couldn't imagine that I could ever love someone as much as I love him. I never would have found this wonderful man if I hadn't taken your advice. Anyway, just to thank you. Writing to you and receiving your sensible response was a great comfort to me then, and I am so grateful I listened to your wisdom. Wishing you and your family every happiness, No longer 'Heart-broken all over again.' Thank you!! xo, the granddaughters and Happy Passover! Searching for the afikomen Can be quite a chore Tipsy from the wine you drank Glasses, 1 to 4. Filling up on matzah brie Children ask, "On this night, why...?" What better way to celebrate Than to have Bubby make your seder plate. April 17, 2005: A Bubby's Passover wish for everyone April 24, 2005: 32 people around the table! April 25, 2005: Noodle Yummy on Passover? June 22, 2005: Why 8 days? Passover cartoons: Here. love, the granddaughters Happy Birthday! No, not to Bubby. One of her granddaughters is turning 31 this week! We'll be visiting Bubby over the weekend to celebrate with her. Plus, rumor is we're going to be baking hamentashins with her too. Now that's what Bubby calls a party. (By the way, if you need the recipe again, here it is . And here's the baking video we made last year.) But, back to the aging process. Here are some great birthday-themed letters that have been sent to Bubby over the years: Is it approrpriate to have a Jewish baby naming ceremony for a boy on his first birthday ? Why did he act so distant at my birthday party even though he drove 2 hours to see me? Bubby thinks you should take a cold shower and wait until your 16th birthday party. My husband forgot my birthday , what should I do? If I pretend you are my Bubby, will you send me a birthday gift? Why don't you buy him a nice broadcloth shirt or a slipover sweater for his birthday ? My boyfriend had fun on his 21st birthday , but I haven't yet. Should I marry him? Best to everyone! What an historic day! Bubby couldn't be more pleased to see Barack Obama become our new president. She was glued to CNN just like the rest of the world. Can you imagine how it must feel to be 93 and see such a pivotal moment in history?? To commemorate the day, we decided to remind you of some great letters Bubby has responded to over the years that were related to politics. Bubby reflects on Bush Bush talks to the CIA How to become President of your company How to become Vice President of your company Reflections on Reagan's funeral ceremony love, the granddaughters With the economy being what it is today, and stock markets holding your dreams at bay, your financial woes may make you shed a tear, and overdose on panic and fear. But Bubby just smiles and to us she'll say, "Don't forget. Money is round... It can roll towards you, or away." Here are some of the best "money questions" Bubby has responded to over the years. How can I retire and still take care of everyone? I'm 13 and I really, really need a job If I stayed in India I would have no money problems! My husband is so stressed about our finances I want to make more money before I propose My best friend just won a million dollars I have 7 kids to support but I hate my job love, the granddaughters Another year has gone by... Another birthday is here to celebrate. HAPPY 93 rd BUBBY! love, everyone Post your birthday wishes to Bubby in the comments below. Happy Rosh Hashana! Bubby and her granddaughters wish all of you a happy and healthy new year. Over the years we have received so many (thousands!) of touching, endearing, tearful, hopeful, soulful letters from people around the world, asking Bubby for life advice. We wish for all of you that your stories turn out happy and everyone sees all their dreams come true. And on that note, how 'bout a happy update letter ! On July 25, 2005 , we received a letter from a 25-year old woman living in Belgium who told Bubby she was planning to marry her boyfriend. She was looking for her first job after graduate school, but the only one available to her was far away in Paris. She wasn't excited about the job and didn't feel like it matched her qualifications. But she was afraid her parents would be mad if she didn't accept it. Bubby wrote her wisely, " It is a terrible feeling to get up in the morning and go to a job that you don't like or are not qualified for. Just give yourself more time to find the job for which you are trained and you are qualified." And then she added, " Don't worry about your boyfriend. If you really love one another distance will not make a difference." Bubby knows what long-distance love is like ! And she knew there was a way to solve this problem if everyone sat down to talk about it. " Put your thinking cap on!" Bubby told her. A few years went by, and on March 8, 2006 , we received a great update letter. They were still happily in love and getting married! She did find another job that she was much happier with, even though it still meant geographical distance for the couple. But they visited each other every weekend, and spoke on the phone every day. She wrote, " This is working, because we made it work, with lots of patience and love. Thanks for your nice advice to me when I asked for it... I'll send you another update for the wedding." Well, we're happy to report that she kept her word. This week we received another great update letter. She wrote: Dear Bubby, I am very happy to tell you that, due to my good job and good fortune, he was able to come join me in Paris to look for a job (which he found easily). We got married in April. We first met in 2003, and it was a difficult 5 years. We got through it, partly thanks to your advice. So thank you very much and take care. From, The Old Continent  Happy New Year everybody! What an incredible year 2009 was. It was such a great journey and I have met so many wonderful and talented people along the way. Thank you to everyone who has participated in my portrait project here. It was such an honor to have spent time with you and to take your portrait. I am so lucky to have had the chance to meet people from all over. I know some of you thought I should make myself the last portrait but I had already shot myself earlier this year. Take a scroll back and find me! But the main reason I chose not to make myself the last portrait was because I wanted to be surprised. I didn't want to plan or think about that too much. I also knew that it would be hard to choose one person so shooting a family seemed to be a great way to end the project. I have been going back and forth with whether or not I should continue the project in 2010 and I have also decided not to continue L'image Quotidienne in this new year. I am sorry if I am disappointing anyone but this project was to be for one year and although it would be great to continue on, indefinitely for that matter, there are some other projects that I would like to work on. I know I won't be able to completely stop shooting portraits of random people I see on the street but please look for those posts on my M Photo blog . Thank you everyone for your kind comments and support. I am so grateful. But before I say goodbye I wanted to leave you all with two last portraits. They are the same ladies I shot at the beginning of this blog. What a difference a year makes! And please don't forget to check out what my December portraits are into. Super cool stuff people! Thanks again and all the best in 2010!! Mercedes Zen Rock Caraid O'Brien Delancy Street Foundation Wooly Hoodwinks Scalabrini Villa Alan Gallo Photographer - Artist- Musician Sean Frechette Take a portrait. Every single day. For one year. December 31, 2009 #365 Chris Geison 36 years old Hometown - Baltimore, MD 2009 was the best year of my life. #365 Innbo Shim 36 years old Hometown - New York 2009 is the year Kyuin came into my life. #365 Sean Frechette 36 years old Hometown - Toledo, OH 2009 is overwhelming #365 Kyuin 5 months old Hometown - Brooklyn, NY 2009 is... Take a portrait. Every single day. For one year. December 30, 2009 #364 Alan Gallo 57 years old Hometown - San Francisco, CA 2009 is a year of promise and a year of fear. Take a portrait. Every single day. For one year. December 29, 2009 #363 Jake Malmberg 33 years old Hometown - Fargo, ND 2009 is just OK. Take a portrait. Every single day. For one year. December 28 2009 #362 Natalia Dugandzic 28 years old Hometown - Redwood City, CA 2009 is a year full of change. Take a portrait. Every single day. For one year. December 27, 2009 #361 Rob Ames 23 years old Hometown - Providence, RI 2009 is almost over. Take a portrait. Every single day. For one year. December 26, 2009 #360 Chuck Moran 27 years old Hometown - Foxboro, MA 2009 is over. #360 Brittany Albert 25 years old Hometown - Lincoln, RI 2009 was fantastic. Take a portrait. Every single day. For one year. December 25, 2009 - Merry Christmas! #359 Lee Ann Potvin 43 years old Hometown - Coventry, RI 2009 had its challenges but 2010 brings new beginnings.  Here are two things I never expected to happen: one, the most amazing, is to find my name on a Forbes list . Not the one headed by Oprah, but deeply exciting all the same; I can now paraphrase all those Oscar winners and say how honoured I am to be named alongside such talent, etc, etc. The second thing is that yesterday?s pressure cooker rice was excellent. Call it risotto or call it arroz caldoso, it was just unbeleivable, as in, hard to beleive: creamy, perfectly cooked rice, full of flavour, in less than fifteen minutes from the minute I turned on the hob to sitting down? I was deeply sceptical, but figured it worth a try, and so it was. Risotto, long banished from my kitchen except as an occasional treat, comes back as a weeknight dinner staple. The rice cooker reigns supreme for white rice and for truly hands off restful cooking, but for quick and incredibly delicious results, this is the one. Here is what I did yesterday with what I had, but of course onions can take the place of leeks, chorizo for bacon if you?re so inclined, any other vetetable for the peas, and aromatics can vary: saffron, herbs, etc. Pressure cooker arroz caldoso, or risotto adapted from Lorna Sass Sautee two chopped leeks and bacon until the bacon releases its fat and the leeks begin to look floppy. Deglaze with some white wine, let it bubble up and add 1 1/2 cups short grain rice. Stir, add 3 1/2 cups of stock and cover the pressure cooker. Let it come uo to high pressure and count five minutes (five!!! seriously, aren?t you in love already?). Now release the pressure and have a look. You might want a bit more broth, or you might want to let some of it evaporate. I thought it was just fine with those meassures. Add butter and parmesan and there you are, risotto for three hungry people or four staid ones. I?m a gadget-driven cook. It?s all very well to extoll the virtues of unplugged cooking, and wax lyrical about pesto lovingly made in a pestle and mortar, but for day to day food-on-the-table purposes, I?d be lost without a Thermomix, a rice cooker, a blender and a radio.  I thought a slow cooker might be a good thing, since my favourite stews are off the radar. The idea of leaving an oven on for hours in the vicinity of a danger-seeking toddler makes me pale. Plus, with two children in the world I?m beginning to feel guilty about our fuel consumption. But slow cookers are hard to come by in Spain, and I have had a pressure cooker sitting in a cupboard since I got married almost six years ago, so yesterday I had my pressure baptism. Chickpeas in minutes convinced me in seconds, and I?ve been playing with it ever since. My first solo flight was based on this rag ¨´ . I did?t lock the pressure valve properly, and scorched the bottom, but all the same, I had a really tasty chunky sauce that?s made a great filling for empanada . So far, so good. The chicken stock is what has me lost in wonder. I was convinced it would come out cloudy, but tried it anyway, thinking P ¨ª a wouldn?t mind. But amazingly, in 45 minutes I had a pot of golden, beautiful, clear broth. I did skim it before locking the lid, mind you, but it didn?t take so long. So now, instead of making a giant 5 litre batch of stock every month or so, I?ll make a amaller 2 litre batch all the time. It?s magic! I have a chunk of pork shoulder marinating even as we speak, waiting to be turned into melt-in-the-mouth shreds of aromatic meat for tomorrow?s lunch. I?ve only been using the pressure cooking for 24 hours, so maybe it?s just a coup de foudre and I?ll drop it in a week. But I don?t think so. I think I?ll be making a lot more beans and curries and stews, and can?t wait for Lorna Sass? book to arrive. In the meantime, it?s risotto tonigth with this morning?s chicken stock. And if that works, well, then I can see myself becoming the official pressure cooker bore, as well as the official rice cooker bore. After months of bot being allowed to eat rare red meat, I?m craving a burger bigtime. But I think burgers are best left to professionals, and are best had in greasy, smoky places, and I?m not about to take my precious new baby there, yet, lest he come back smeared with ketchup. A good home alternative? A Pepito. Ask for a pepito anywhere in Spain and you will be given a steak sandwich. If you?re lucky, it will be a thin, juicy paillard type thing, and the oil and meat juices will soak into good, crunchy bread. If you?re not , which is more often the case, you will receive a slab of grey cardboard hunkering between two slabs of nothing bread. This is sad. This is not the sort of sandwich one wants as the namesake for a son and heir. It is a sad testament to the terrible lack of imagination most of Spain gives it sandwiches. To my mind, a proper pepito should have something sharp, like mustard or horseradish. Something crunchy, like cornichons. Greens, like ruccola. Butter, if J isn?t looking. And some slippery onions, either just made, or in the lovely form of onion jam . As for the meat, I favour a thick steak, salted, then marinated overnight in whatever?s around. This time it was olive oil, two smashed cloves of garlic, a sprinkling of thyme, a splash of sherry and some fish sauce, but anything goes. Sear it so it?s black outside and pink within, let it rest while you assemble the sandwiches on a good fresh baguette, and open a couple of beers. Slice the meat thin, and sneak a few slices as you put it inside the bread. You?ll have to agree that this is a beautiful thing, and I for one would be more than glad to share a name with it. Here?s a very good reason to stop the rather infrequent postings on this blog: Pepe, two weeks old today. He was born three weeks early and so overset all my plans to stock my freezer, get a haircut and write a few posts to have as backup. It?s a pretty blissful life; sure I don?t sleep much at night, but thanks to J and my family I?m allowed to take naps at odd times, eat all sorts of delicious things practically nonstop and enjoy my beautiful babies. My chicken guy at the market is a very sweet fellow who doesn?t mind selling me only half a chicken. Free range chickens are so big that even half is over a kilo, and that?s a lot of chicken for me. Not that I dislike chicken, but I do find it hard to be fascinated by it. However, stomach flu being what it is, and my baby being now in the grip of it, chicken breast must be gently poached . So my half of a big chicken gives me one big breast half, skin off, that the butcher cuts out. The thigh and the drumstick. A wing. A piece of backbone, and the neck. Wing, neck and bone go into the freezer for the making of stock whenever my storage runs low. The other two pieces I roasted today following the method called by la Lawson " one-pan chicken ". It results in roast chicken that is quite ok, but that I am happy to leave for a sandwich or pot pie some other day. The star of the show for me are the vegetables; potatoes, onions and carrots that soak up the chicken juices and the fat, char and burn and turn crispy or melting and are just the best thing ever. This time, I spooned yogurt over them and it was quite a revelation. I?ve been down a couple of days with the stomach flu that?s going around. Whenever I?ve had stomach trouble, always the get-better food has been the same. The first day one is allowed nothing but lemon water, with sugar and maybe a little salt. Then plain white rice, perhaps some dry toast, tea, if you?re looking good, and a little boiled chicken. Next day you might progress to boiled ham, and chicken broth, or yogurt with a little stwed apple. You know that you?re definitely getting better when you?re allowed boiled potatoes, in their skins. These come with a thin trickle of olive oil and some crunchy salt, and they are the most delicious thing in the world. Not just because you know that you will soon be back to normal, but because after some days of eating really dull stuff your palate is clean, your senses are sharp and you are reminded of just how great very simple things can taste. Luckily for me, it?s come just in time to feel pleasantly detoxed and mammothly hungry for my mother?s birthday today. This is going to be a lazy post, by which I mean, I am not going to write up a recipe. The reason? Ethnic. I don?t feel I can speak with any authority or knowledge about Asian soups. I was born and have always lived in a country that used to have no immigrants, where all Chinese restaurants were called "La gran muralla" . They served fried rice and gloopy lemon chicken and if anybody ever asked for a soup there I?ve never met them. Now things have improved, and it?s possible to have pretty good stuff, at least in Madrid. Most importantly, it?s possible to buy lots of ingredients that allow you to replicate many of the lovely things found in books and around the internet. And that?s what the beauty of my lack of Asian food education comes in; my standards are so low that I just looove what I make. The fun bit with all these things is stocking up the pantry. A trip to the Mostenses market and its adjacent shops will have you coming back with bulging bags for very little money. I buy noodles, won ton wrappers, dried shiitakes, fish sauce, chili garlic sauce, Hoisin sauce, big bottles of soy sauce, sesame oil, bean sprouts, good cheap chicken, massive ginger roots, even chinese chives and bok choi and pak choy. It?s a lot of fun. You can even brave the underworld and try to eat at the subterranean restaurant in the Plaza de Espa?a parking lot, which is always packed and so rather difficult. I hear it?s great, and hope some day to put it to the test. Meanwhile, I?ll be trying to make won tons, and making lots and lots of soup. What kind? Well, on lazy days it might be instant miso soup. On more energetic ones good chicken stock with fish sauce, a hint of chili and some mint or chives. And for true soul warming stuff, filling yet light, the full on chicken noodle treatment, or a version thereof with scraps of leftover roast meat. It?s a very accomodating patron, the noodle soup, and one that always hits the spot, so have a go. Here?s Gasparini , a blog I?ve been meaning to link to for ages. It has the most drop dead gourgeous meringues, and shares the recipes, which is lovely of course. Not that I could ever make anything so pretty, ever, at any time, but isn?t it lovely to see it? I have contributed to the all around prettiness, I like to think, in the blog header and the logos, so go have a look. One of the fun things about preparing admission files for review is looking at the names of the recommenders. By this time I am familiar with the applicants' names, but now as I check to see if each student has three letters of recommendation, I am struck by the variety - and funny - names of the numerous recommenders.Once again, our band of "Heroes," and I put that in quotes since the increasingly dislikable James remains part of the tribe, ran up against the dreaded "P-word" at this week's Immunity Challenge - puzzle. It's really no surprise the Villain braintrust is dominating challenges when it comes to using the ole' noggin.  What is alarming is Heroes leader, J.T's decision to oust one of the tribe's most intelligent players, Tom, in favor of James with his bad leg and equally bad mojo. Clearly, our Heroes are in bad shape, both physically and mentally.  But a nasty storm is quickly moving in over at the Villains camp, as Russell prepares to rain down hell on Rob.The first time I saw One Night With The King was on January 1 2008 and I loved it.  The movie is about the story of Esther and how she became queen.  The set, the actors, the actresses... everything was very beautiful and I couldn't wait for the DVD to come out so I could watch it again.  And when the DVD came out, I did watch it.  Over and over and over again.Things have been crazy. I've been of course working on my 365days project but a new distraction has come up. The Sims 3. I'm re-addicted to this game. In fact right after I post this I'm going to play it. But it's fine because my homework is done, room semi-clean, and chores have been complete. Now I'm off! Goodbye for now! I've had a lot on my mind these past few days. And so I haven't spent much time actually blogging about my relationship with Birdie and/or Kelley. To be honest, it's all just a little bit confusing to me at the moment. I like what we've done so far, but for some reason I'm ambivalent about moving forward.The Townehouse was the most packed I'd ever seen. It's been a while since I stood in a crowd in front of a stage, pressed up against strangers, unable to even see the performers on stage.I never knew foosball was such fun and so hilarious. We were shrieking and laughing a LOT. I like how when we get together the snacks are always amazing, and sometimes we inject each other with sterile water (some have obviously been acquiring new skills). We sure know how to have a good time.I borrowed this dress from my roommate. It is typical American Apparel, which means it is pretty comfortable and looks good. It's perfect for those mornings when I have to rush to my 8AM class. I got this shirt about two years ago at a thrift store. It is the perfect shirt for spring. Today was the first warm day since I've been back in Vermont. Spring is certainly on it's way. We've been on 2 Disney Cruises and going on our 3rd next month.  They are just great.  There is always so much to do or you can do nothing.    I like the 'doing nothing' part.  I go and sit at Quiet Cove Pool-the adults only pool-with a drink with an umbrella in my hand and bask in the sun.  There is nothing better than that.   All the cast members are so great and helpful.  Room service is great too!!!!  It's just so nice to sit in your room or on your verandah and eat while watching the ocean sail away.  We always have a catagory 7 state room so we have a verandah.n June my husband and I took a trip through the Grand Tetons National Park and to Yellowstone National Park. My husband had always wanted to go there, and while I was fine with our destination, I wasn't necessarily all that excited about it. What a blessing it was to go there! I was absolutely amazed and awestruck by the beauty and grandeur of these parks. We stayed in West Yellowstone Montana at the Holiday Inn Sunspree Resort while we toured Yellowstone. It was wonderful. jet blue is by far the best airlines i have ever taken i have travel many other but with the rising cost of air-fair i traveled to fl from Boston for only 100 and was hooked they even serve  my favorite coffee dunk-ins while you kick back and watch TV or movies how much better can it get for 100 bucks please tell me if you can beat that lol thanks Jeannie  I love Continental Airlines! They never disappoint me and I am so thrilled with their service. I travel a lot and I just have thumbs up for this outstanding airline. I recommend all travelers to go through Continental Airlines. They have great employees that are so professional and so caring for us travelers. I feel special and great traveling all the time through them. If I would use another airline, it would be because I am forced to if Continental Airlines didn't take me to my destination. There are many different ways to earn mileage in this airlines.Ginger, my daughter-in-law, just sent me this photo of my grandbabies...Ben and Charlie. Ben is a bit over 3 years and Charlie's 7 months old. My cousin saw this photo...wrote me telling me it would be a good advertisement for Cosco! Aren't they so cute and sweet...it's about time for me to go for another visit! First off, Dw went as part of a leadership team from our denomination to assess how exactly to plant an orphanage(s). He was told before he left, that they knew that Dw's appointment was a divine assignment because of all the orphanages he has been part of, volunteered at, and supported. They also loved that we have adopted 7 kids ourselves. {I love that part tooSebryna has learned that when she does something naughty, my response is usually "Noooo!". Now I know when she has been naughty without even looking at her because she says it herself, "Mommy, Nooooooooo!." ....only it's much cuter because she makes her voice very dramatic with a nasally sound. (Imagine someone yelling, "Hellooooooo in therrrrre" like they're calling into a cave). SO CUTE!!"This company is great.  Its a new company but its stock will truly show just how much.  They have reached some high profit numbers.  Soon to be again, and steady!I look for Metro to become more diverse and expect them to take on a nice share of the cellular market from the ""big guys"" and make it more affordable to all.  "I just found a beautiful little book of quotes called "Words of the Spirit, thoughts to live by" they are compiled from discourses from Para Pujya Ma. I am here in Kathmandu and have brought my camera, though unfortunately, I am unable to use my USB port and have no card reader, so I will have to paint the pictures with my words for now.God spoke to my heart today. I have been in a season of change. It is much needed changed but it wasn't change I had control over which made me uncomfortable. So for the last 47 days of my life I have been seeking clarity and direction in my life. I have gone through so many different emotions and have questioned God over and over again. I prayed and prayed but weeks have gone by and nothing. Nothing has changed in my situation. My days are long and unproductive. I have been completely unmotivated to do anything but the absolutely necessary. So this morning I came in early to try to get some work done. But some of my colleagues had the same thoughts and came in as soon as I got my door open. Sigh. Then my internet did not seem to want to work. Sigh. And my email was not responding. Sigh. But now, as you can see, everything is back to normal, including the time.he MAC mini has been a great replacement server for my old Windows 2003 box.  It performs like a champ and with little to no maintenance.  I've had it running for over a year now (on 24/7 hosting several websites) and I have not had any problems.  I Upgraded the Ram to 2 gig and other than that I haven't done a thing to it.  I use a regular "pc" mouse, a mac wireless keyboard and a sony monitor.  It is the only server on my network of 2 laptops and 2 PC's.  I couldn't be happier with it and can't wait to upgrade to Leopard!   Out of all the contact lens solutions available, Clear Care by Ciba Vision does the best job at keeping my contact lenses clean and comfortable.  It's a hydrogen peroxide solution and really helps to remove any debris or deposits on my lenses.  Because my contacts are the kind that are replaced quarterly, it definitely helps keep my lenses feeling fresh even towards the time when I need to replace them.  You do have to be careful though.  It's not for rinsing your contacts and you can't put it in your eyes or you'll burn them.Dr. Mike examined me after I had been to 10 MDs. These 10 others couldn't diagnose my illness and didn't seem to care. Dr. Mike could tell there was something really wrong and didn't want to treat me, but gave me some great advice as far as treatment I should receive. I followed that advice and am now being treated by a tremendous and brilliant MD--one outside the system I had been in. I appreciate his care, concern, and professional advice. I'm doing much better now.  "SO I TOTALLY DID THE PRESCRIBED WEIGHT FOR WOMEN OF 95#s!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am really proud of me. Like really, really really. It was tough. By round 5 I was mentally drained; I couldn't believe that I had 5 more rounds to do. What did I eat today? Not much.I had Scrambled eggs with Parmesan cheese, bacon, and basil.A decaf latte."Our family of 4 really enjoyed our cruise on Disney Cruise Line's Wonder ship.  Even though we went off-season and it rained almost every day, it was a vacation we'll never forget.  The food was amazing and we felt like royalty every time we dined.  The shows were awesome, especially for our kids who had never seen a live theatre production before.  They also have very secure child care facilities that the kids just loved!  They thought we were dropping them off to have some parent-free fun, not the other way around!I have to say that I really did love this bike, I owned one from 2002 to 2005!  Easy to handle and comfortable, with enough power to get me up the grades to Mammoth!People thought I was riding a harley, lol.. I was so grateful that  paid a fraction of what it would have cost me for a harley.Great gas mileage, I rode it everywhere! with the weather in Ca. and this bike. Oh My, I was in heaven!After completing the tie I undertook the task of making 2 toddler ties for my sister-in-law Tiara's wedding. I took apart a Men's Tie and was able to make 2 toddler ties. I think I could even make one bitty baby tie with the left over. Anyway, I took apart one of Davis' ties to use as a pattern. It was really easy. I may make a pattern.Last week my girl's & I found out some very sad news. A cat friend of ours passed away. Lou was my parent's pet & the girl's begged to take him home every time we visited. Lou got very sick & had to be "put to sleep". Last week my girl's & I found out some very sad news. A cat friend of ours passed away. Lou was my parent's pet & the girl's begged to take him home every time we visited. Lou got very sick & had to be "put to sleep".When i got off the plan in aruba i knew it was a different place from the others we had been to in the carribean.  aruba has a constant breeze which makes the warm but not too warm weather even nicer!  the water was beautifully calm and gorgeously blue.  the food was good too!  my husband and i burn easily and yet left after a week in aruba with out a red mark on us!!Wasn't sure whether we'd have a good experience after all the things I'd read in reviews about Enterprise, but we got to the small regional airport late in the day on a Thursday afternoon.  The compact we had reserved was gone and so we were upgraded to a Nissan Murano, a nice SUV (horrible gas mileage, though).The manager (only one person doing all the tasks) didn't write down a large scratch on the left rear bumper, and I made my husband go back in and have her identify it on her copy. I have flown JetBlue many times and I have never had a bad experience.  I am a very frequent flyer, taking 100 or more domestic and international airlines trip a year, and I have flown most of the world's airlines, and I have to give JetBlue my personal award for being number one, the best. At least in coach.  I'm not saying that another airline's First Class or Business Class is not better (although I have flown afew where JetBlue's is superior to their premium service.  But in general I'm only comparing coach to coach, and the general day to day operations of the airline.Kathmandu, has changed very little since my last visit except that things are slightly more expensive and there is even less electricity and more garbage. People seem to have given up on the idea that government will be solving their problems any time soon. As a result, there are more electric generators at shops and restaurants.If you're in the market for a new point-and-shoot digital camera, you don't have to spend an arm and a leg for a product that produces quality photos. According to Wendy Sheehan Donnell, PCMag's managing editor for consumer electronics, if you're looking for a new digital camera, it's a great time to find a deal as vendors make room for newer models.Sheehan Donnell rounded up Eight Great Digital Cameras for Under $200. For example, you can save 40 percent off of the Canon PowerShot SD960 IS. Originally $329.99, the camera is on sale for $199.99 at BestBuy.com. The camera has a 16:9 LCD, which lets you frame your shots to match the format of HDTV and widescreen laptop displays. Read the full review at PCMag.com.  When I travel, I always try to find a Continental flight because I know that most of their flights are on-time and reliable.  I also find their seats to be a little roomier.  I recently flew American Airlines because it was more convenient, but was surprised at how CRAMPED the seats were!  In an airplane, when traveling with a lap child (child under 2 traveling on my lap for free), every inch of space counts -- big time!  We are very nearly always treated courtesly, although some of the flight attendants seem to be getting a little bit of an attitude, like "we're better and we know it". Many people fear the holidays because they are afraid of putting on a few extra pounds. Some even turn down party and dinner invitations in hopes of avoiding any new bulges or rolls. However, holidays are the perfect time to touch base with family members and friends that you don¡¯t see regularly throughout the year, so it is important not to let fears of gaining weight prevent you from having some holiday fun."It is progress! If possible, I would like to visit the school when I go to Nepal in March and make a contribution to their operating expenses. I would also like to arrange a letter exchange with some of our local school students. But, I will have to wait and see how the plan unfolds. Travel restrictions, strikes, and weather can make it difficult to get to rural areas of Nepal, and someone would have to offer to host me in their home. With only a two week travel plan, I may not be able to get there and back. If I do get there, I'll bring you pictures and stories.In February, I will be giving a free lecture on 'Life and work in Nepal during difficult times.' I will discuss the effects of 911 on Nepal, the murder of the entire Nepalese Royal family, endless annual strikes, and the Maoist Revolution. The lecture will be held at the Plymouth UCC in Shaker Heights, OH. Sunday February 14th, 9:30 - 10:20 am in room 102."I want to run. To live. To live, every day. To see the world as full of beauty as it is. I don't want to surround myself with people who wonder why they exist. Who can't see the beauty; who don't see the purpose of it. I want to feel like dancing at my memories, dancing for my future, dancing in the moment. I want to giggle when I have no explanation for why."The Mughals had a dress code and would not wear the pant/shirt cause mostly non-believers would wear them. However, now a days even our so-called Islamically established states have the concept of the western pant/shirt deeply engraved in their societies. So what now? What do our youth do? A solution can be to take these western concepts and ""Islamisize"" them. A good example would be clothing. Take the western pant/shirt and make them longer, and looser.As Muslims we should look decent and healthily smart, not overly dressed to the extreme. And Muslims we should not lose our identity in the process."evlon challenges its customers to ¡°Get Cheeky¡± with their new Pinch Me Sheer Gel Blush. Being the makeup junkie that I am, I rose to the challenge and decided to give this new product a try. I did hesitate for a brief minute since I¡¯d never heard anything positive about blush gels, but ultimately I decided to jump on in. I¡¯m glad that I did!The husband finished his breakfast and refused to take mom to the bank or walk Lucky when asked. Mum won't drive with me and would rather cancel her plans instead, which she did. As I was beginning to log out, What A Girl Wants was playing on TV and it was too tempting to let pass but I had to. I had things to get done. The husband went to sleep and refused to move, no matter how many times I called him. Annoyed and needing a break, I sat down to watch the movie."It's our 20th episode and to help us celebrate, UGO's man about town, Parker Ward, dropped in to discuss the current holy TV trinity of Idol, Lost and the Olympics.  Are Simon and Ellen really mortal enemies or is their ""feud"" just another lame publicity stunt?  Does Survivor really suck?  Is Hoarders the best thing since Intervention?  And when will Claire quite yammering about her ""bay-bay?""  All this and more answered to the best our ability on this week's cast!  Let us know your thoughts on these matter in our Facebook group and keep Toob Tied on constant rotation by subscribing to us on iTunes!"AND. My hair!? Something really weird is happening to my hair! I can't seem to find a shampoo and conditioner that doesn't leave my hair grimy and gross. In the last couple of weeks every shampoo and conditioner I have used makes my hair feel like it has a terrible build up.I love this show! Unfortunately, I didn't watch it when the it was on during it's regular season, because I didn't think it would be any good. I happened upon a rerun of it one day, and fell in love.It is one of the funniest shows on TV! My husband I TiVo every episode and watch them back to back! I cannot understand WHY it was canceled!? It is so entertaining and funny. I love Jason Bateman!!! And Portia De Rossi is so beautiful!"In a medium saucepan combine chicken broth, water, onion, brown rice, red pepper, and garlic.  Bring to boiling; reduce heat.  Simmer, covered, for 20 minutes.  Stir in lentils.  Simmer, covered for 25 minutes more or until rice and lentils are tender.  Remove from heat.2.     Add garbanzo beans to saucepan; use a potato masher to mash mixture.  Stir in oats.  Let stand for 5 minutes3.     Meanwhile, combine egg whites, basil, Worchestshire, and salt; add to lentil-rice mixture in pan, stirring to combine.  Stir in nuts."My last three flights booked on JetBlue were all cancelled. Without notice. Without warning. No phone call. No email. It has been extremely frustrating. While I know flight cancellations happen, I do expect to be notified so I don't get all the way to the airport before I find out!I use all of hylands products! I love the arnica and any time someone is hurt I give it to them. I also love the fact that it is safer than name brand products you see in the store. About four years ago my daughter fell and hit a sprinkler so hard that it snapped in half. My parents were going to give her tylenol and I said NO!! The bruise was about four inches all the way around. I had my mom give her arnica tablets three times a day and then apply arnica cream to the bruise in the morning and then again at night. "Obesity is a rising problem in western societies. In the UK, according to NHS Statistics (published in Feb 2009) for the year 2007, 24% of adults (ie those over 16) were classified as obese, an increase of 15% from 1993, and 37% of adults had a raised waist circumference (over 88cm for women and 102cm for men) compared to 23% in 1993.It is estimated that in America, at any given time, about two-thirds of the population (at a ratio of two women for every man) are on a diet (ref: Centre for Disease Control and Prevention), with only 5% successful at keeping off the weight lost."I had LapBand surgery almost 2 years ago, and I have lost 80 pounds and kept it off with ease! It was the most amazing procedure and I love my band, and I have a totally new life now because of it! I have two young boys and I can run and keep up with them now.ve done a lot of research when it comes to dog food. I am not a dog owner that buys my dog cheap food that has potential to cause a lot of allergies. California Natural is one of the best, top of the line dog food you can buy. My dogs have the softest coats. I am a Doberman owner and I do not cheap out on my 'babies'. That being said, a large bag is close to $45-50 in Michigan. Furthermore, I have to drive about 25 miles to get a bag because the local pet stores (Petsmart, Petco) do not sell this line.  My uncle for one will vouch for banning me from AlMaghrib, yes, this isn't the first time Sammo has decided she HAS HAS HAS to go to an AlMaghrib class and tell him that it would be advisable to come another weekend, that is if him and the family decide to pay us a visit (which they probably will). I love my family and relatives and they have and always will be priority, but AlMaghrib is my life now and sometimes its hard to decide between the two loves of my life.Wow, the US is gorgeous.....and big!  I just got back from a five day trip to Yellowstone National Park and The Grand Tetons with my 13 year old nephew.  What a fantastic trip! It is like bringing your 7th grade science class with you on tour.I generally knew what a Geyser was, but, well not exactly.  And the difference between a Geyser and a Hot Spring or Boiling Mud Pot?  No, not at all.  With land spontaneously spitting out steam and mud bubbles, you can see why a 13 year old boy had a fabulous time.My husband and I love watching "Arrested Development" on DVD.  We need to buy the series already!!  We have rented the entire 3 seasons from Netflix too many times to count.  What I really want to know is who made the decision to take this series off the air?  I mean seriously, are they still employed at Fox or what?  I would love to hear your comments if you know the answer or even want to rant.his straightener is okay, when I first got it I was so excited, it worked great but I was noticing that after awhile it didn't work as good. It's been 5 months now and when I put it on a lower temperature it automatically turns off, and the plate covering is all chipped off. So basically I am going to have to buy another straightener due to I can't use this one anymore or it will chip even more. If you are planning on buying this product, I highly recommend you take extra good care of it or it will definitely break soon enough. I am going give the sedu a shot! Although I should be doing 100 other things, I just want to write and say how happy I am and how blessed I feel. I think I have the greatest kids in the whole wide world. They are really great! They try so hard to be good. Thobe had an assignment the other day to fill out a star that said,, "I am special because..." and Thobe wrote, "I am special because I am good." I hung that next to my phone. Whenever I see it I think, "He is good. All my boys are just so good." I love them so much. Cargo Plantlove eyeshadow ($20, Sephora) is proof that ¡°green¡± beauty is not merely eco-chic. It¡¯s eco-fabulous.Even if I didn¡¯t know that this eyeshadow was organic, I really wouldn¡¯t care. Plantlove eyeshadow is, for the most part, silky, deeply pigmented and highly blendable.My top pick out of the collection is Dove, a sexy and utterly wearable shade of neutral deep blue gray that performs beautifully as both an understated liner by day and a dramatic, lid-to-crease, smoked-out eyeshadow by night.Eating 5 fruit and vegetables a day. Fortunately, the shops are helping us to achieve that goal. But don¡¯t think just 5 fruit and no vegetables is enough; a new study by Rush University Medical center in Chicago has concluded that eating 2+ vegetable a day can help slow down mental decline due to ageing. Those people who ate 2.8 servings of vegetables almost halved their rate of memory decline compared to people who ate less than 1 serving a day. According to the study, it is not too late to start, as older people who started the 2+ veg a day still showed significant delay in mental decline."I often compare Backbreaker, weirdly, not to other football games, because we feel it's so different. The game that comes to mind for me is Burnout. Burnout's a driving game, but you don't need to be an expert driver to have fun with that. Because even if you fail in Burnout, you fail spectacularly and it looks cool and it feels good. Even when you've just smashed your car up, it looks really cool.Last Saturday we went to a so called Gypsy Fair, which was more market for weird stuff then actual fair. But the ¡°house trucks¡± were interesting to look at. If you imagine an old gypsy wagon then transpose it onto an older style truck you kind of can imagine what they were like. But overall it was rather disappointing, as much is becoming here.  Like Greg¡¯s aspirations for work. For weeks he diligently prepped his resume, reviewed immigration information and made profiles on various job search websites. But often when he went back to those websites he couldn¡¯t use his log in information and so emailed the websites for assistance. his is the only food I have purchased for my bully since he was ten months old. It was highly recommended in my online bully groups; so thought I would try it. And I have never been disappointed for a minute! I have noticed how much easier it is for my dog to eat this than the puppy food he was on; as well as the fact that his flatulence is now virtually non-existant. I can't vouch for the flavor as my dog will eat anything; but I do believe in this product! I buy mine at Petco; and a bag at a cost of approximately $35 will last me about a month; and every tenth bag is free!  "I've made my very first Mosaic picture, and it's all thanks to Mary over at Little Red House and the tutorial that she made! I do also want to thank Brenda over Cozy Little House for giving me that info! Thank you both so much! Seeing how much I loveeee pictures I know what I'm going to be doing alot of.Please don't forget to stop in at Mary's blog Little Red House, she's the hostess of Mosaic Monday and there you'll be able to view every ones beautiful mosaic pictures, maybe even enter yourself!So until the next time...Bead Happy!Hugs and happy beading..."My charts are becoming real pieces of art these days.  My most recent work is the Gumball Chart, inspired by Chase's deep desire for a gumball machine in the house.  My kids don't chew gum at this point in their lives unless it's a special treat from Gramma, but I'm liking the idea of having one in the house for the sole purpose of rewarding super excellent behavior.  So, once all three of the gumball charts are filled, we'll head to the store to find a real life gumball machine of our own. I have been flying for over 50 years domesticly and internationally. During that time, I have flown a lot of different airlines.Several years ago, I flew Jet Blue Airways with my daughter and grand-daughter and we absolutely loved it.Jet Blue Airways was clean and looked new.  There was actual enough leg room so you didn't feel like you were sitting in the other passenger's lap.Jet Blue provided me with many choices of delicious snacks.What is my end goal? To change something, somehow. Or, at least, to understand better, mejor, and in a way that can contribute to some change being made. Because if nothing gets done... so what? I don't want to have just gotten paid to write a big extra-curricular research paper that will do nothing for anybody. I write, this summer, to help myself next spring. I write, next spring, to help us understand. I write, now, for the joy of it, because I am in love with the process. Because this is part of how I process, how I think, how I act. I thought the snitching phase had died down, but apparently not. Because recently I've been hearing it all over again. And to be honest, I get sick to my stomach when I hear people say that! Why would someone want to save or protect a criminal who has harmed or killed someone!? Why should a murderer or someone who will harm again be allowed to? I mean someone help me out here! Lets say the victim was your best friend, mother or your child. Would'nt you want someone to come forward?Some years ago before my mother had passed away she loved to bead and boy did she ever bead the most beautiful of pieces! I thought that today I would show you what she had made for me one St. Patrick's Day that I really treasure now.Jaden and I usually have our date night on Fridays, so we just had one a few hours ago. As usually, it was a hit. Jaden got to pick the date night agenda and he picked books and two Pokemon movies. He asked if we could read three books together and he wanted me to watch two Pokemon movies with him. Well, he fell asleep halfway through the first movie. I ended up taking all 65lbs of him upstairs to his bed, but it was still such a success! He had the biggest smile on his face as he was giving me the 411 on Charizard and Pikachu.Baby has officially graduated from embryo to fetus and has grown to about 1 inch in length. About the size of a medium green olive. His or her head is continuing to develop and take on more baby-like proportions. This week, tiny muscles are starting to form. This will allow her to move her arms and legs. It will still be awhile before I can feel it though!This morning, i prayed the "Prayer of Faith" and i heard the Lord's gentle voice said , "Let it be so." and it was so . All day, i felt Jesus touching me and to me i had felt a big difference in me. I felt the Holy Spirit all over me and it was so amazing. I kept on thinking Jesus all morning and into the evening. The definition of faith is in Hebrews 11:1. What made thought of Jesus was this song "I could only imagine"Looking to add to your Classical music collection? Amazon.com is offering a free sampler of five Chopin songs performed by Vitaly Marguilis and Jura Margulis. The sampler comes from the X5 Music Group, and was released on March 1, 2010. "Remember all those ""annoying"" things that women do?Yeah, it occurs to me, as a woman who does precisely none of those things, that guys actually like that.  But check it out, ladies: they're sneaky about it.  They give it different names."i always thought that having a dream is stupidÿ because people always say, instead of keep dreaming, why can't you be practical?? stop dreaming and come back to reality! this is life!! well, what's life without a dream, eh? now i know it's OK to have a dream, no matter how unreachable or ridiculous it is :) even though i know some dreams are hard to reach, i'll still try my best to chase that dreams of mine. sure, maybe i might not be able to reach that dream. but hey, when i look back in my life, at least there won't be any regrets! because i'm a dream-chaser instead of a dream-crusher.UGH! I cannot believe how late I am with this! We had such a busy week last week! We had something going everyday! Needless to say I didn't spend much time on the computer. (That might be a good thing!) Since we have already finished our first week of our 2 week menu I am just going to post this week's menu. I will do better next time! I promise!When searching for a car seat, saftey was our number one priority. Comfort was our second. The Britax line of car seats delivers both.  Yes, they are more expensive than most of the car seats on the market, but once you experience them you will know why. They have the highest saftey rating in the industry, are built crazy strong, and are SO comfy for your little ones. They are easy to clean as all of the covers come off and can be washed as well.  After upgrading from my old manual toothbrush to a Sonicare Electric Toothbrush I would never even consider going back to using my old and outdated toothbrush again. I actually enjoy brushing my teeth now and it does not feel like a chore to do. My teeth feel a completely new level of clean since the switch and I know it is working better when I go to floss and there is barely any food left behind after brushing between my teeth unlike before, although yes flossing is still necessary. What have you been cooking and eating lately? It's been a while since I shared with you what I've been making so I thought it might be fun to share my latest adventure. First of all, I took a pasta making class a couple weeks ago at a place in Waco called Gourmet Gallery. It's a cute little kitchen store and they also hold lots of classes where they teach you how to make things such as pasta, tamales, bread, Mediterranean food, Easter desserts...I mean it's quite the range of classes. It's amazing. The only negative thing is that it costs money to take these classes. (Shocking, I know!) And often more money than I have.Now that the Zune HD is on sale, and the and the latest Zune 4.0 software is live, we can definitively answer the big question: Has Microsoft finally caught up to Apple in the realm of portable digital music players?After a full, hands-on, lab-tested Zune HD review, we can safely say that the iPod touch is still the king of the hill when it comes to high-end touch-screen devices. Even so, the Zune HD is very impressive and goes a long way to redeem the Zune name. Besides the touch, it's easily the next-best MP3 player you can buy. If you want to live outside the iTunes ecosystem, it should be at the top of your list.I have flown with Thai Air several times and each time it has been fabulous. I always choose to fly with them even if they are more expensive than other airlines. They have great food, and a lot of it....be prepared for a minimum of 5 to 6 meals on your trans-pacific flight. Stewardess's uniforms are always colorful and very beautiful.so i've come to the dark side. well not really but i've bought my first dc comic. and anyone who knows me will tell you that i'm a marvel girl all the way. well i have gone and bought power girl. and i must say that i love it! it's really well written. the only thing i don't like is that they draw her with really big boobs. i mean really big boobs. but other then that, i really like the comic. it is on it's 10th issue this month and i would really suggest everyone to go out and read it. for once there's a good female comic. they give her attitude and don't make her this dumb blonde. she can defend herself and she has some spunk to her. she looks good but man she has some punch behind her. so i guess i'm kicked out of the marvel club house (i have borrowed that statement from the nerdy bird) but i'm ok with that. power girl is a good read. Paula Begoun is the creator and innovative force behind Paula's Choice skin care and cosmetics. She is the author of 18 best-selling books including Don't Go to the Cosmetics Counter Without Me, Blue Eyeshadow Should Be Illegal, The Original Beauty Bible, and Don't Go Shopping for Hair-Care Products Without Me. Paula¡¯s books have sold more than 2.5 million copies worldwide.In honor of Fringe's April 1st return, it appears Walter Bishop is celebrating the Day of Fools by donning a ridiculous wig.  Or maybe it's just that Walter's 'do is from 1985.  Yes, we will be having some bad 80's hair flashbacks in the upcoming mythology heavy episode "Peter," as Walter devles into his son's "otherworldly origins" with Olivia.  We'll also finally meet Peter's mother (played by Irish actress Orla Brady).   For those Fringe fans jonesing for a mythos fix, the Spring return sounds like a first class ticket on a Walter Bishop acid trip.   Read on for more head-spinning spoilers.In a medium saucepan, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Stir in the turkey and flour. Add the milk, and heat through. Stir the turkey mixture into the vegetable mixture, and cook until thickened. Cool slightly, then pour mixture into the unbaked pie shell. Roll out the top crust, and place on top of filling. Flute edges, and make 4 slits in the top crust to let out steam. Over the past few years it seems like cosmetic companies come out with some new life-altering mascara every other week. I'm never the girl who's quick to run out and buy a new tube of mascara because I've found that plenty of them don't work at all or that they just don't give me the look I'm going for. Even though I was blessed with a head full of thick hair, my eye lashes, it seems weren't so lucky. They are thin and they're barely noticeable without mascara. They also have a natural curl which is good because I don't have to use an eye lash curler, but it's also bad since the curl causes my eye lashes to look short and stumpy.The Maybelline Define A Lash mascara has been on the market for a year or so and it's gotten great reviews in magazines and Adriana Lima endorses it. "I am swooning over this dresses on the newly discovered Eve Gravel shop. The shop is Canadian based and sells the most wonderful items. The dresses are all I ever wanted for spring (and all year long). And the model photos are gorgeous! Oh pretty dresses, how I pine for you!""Ever wonder how celebrities get such beautiful, glowing healthy skin? if                                     they're not lucky enough to be born with it, like this Hollywood mother-daughter duo,                  they must have some tricks up their sleeves ÿ right? Yup.And though we don't claim to be geniuses or anything, from what we've seen on the red carpet    (and learned from the many skin care experts, celebrity makeup artists and top dermatologists we've chatted with), we know that healthy-looking skin starts before you ever pick up your foundation brush. Before you ever try to cover up those dark circles and red or brown spots (aka sun damage and acne). You must first nip imperfect skin in the bud                                          by first addressing something else: your uneven skin tone."Maybe it's because we've had a few warm days after an extremely hard winter, but I just feel so blessed and so happy. I know that God lives and that he loves me and my family. I'm so grateful that he blessed me with Michael and my boys and also incredible parents, siblings, in-laws and friends. I love this beautiful Earth and am so grateful that I know where all these blessings originate. I truly am grateful for all God does for me.....I'm going on a rant for a few minutes....here's my issue.... I understand that there are a lot of dead beats out there who don't pay child support after their divorce. But when someone is actually trying.........and not just saying that they are.......then should they really get a lot of crap of not BEING ABLE to pay it?  They may be making a truck payment......just barely by the hair of their chinny chin chin.......but if they don't make the truck payment they can't work, and if they can't work there's no possible way of them ever getting caught up on child support. It's not like they're taking the meager amount of money they are getting an blowing it on anything meaningless. They're actually trying to pay bills and do the right thing. Besides being 400 behind isn't nearly as bad as being 1300 or more behind....like other people. The way I see it.....yes, child support is supposed to be paid...of course no one is arguing that....and there is no excuse for those who aren't even putting out the slightest bit of effort...but if someone is having a hard time...like the loss of a job and not getting anything in between but a few crap opportunities that wind up going nowhere....then shouldn't they be cut just A LITTLE SLACK? It's not like they lost their job because they stayed out all night drinking and couldn't wake up for work.....or decided to go to a bar instead of earning money.....maybe the company they worked for shit on them and they've had a hard time finding anything since. I think people should stop being so vindictive and appreciate the fact that their child actually has someone who is really trying to help support them and is busting their ass to try and make sure they will be able to catch up as soon as possible.  And if people are going to throw "I need to buy groceries for your kid," or "I can't pay bills because you don't pay me," please be sure and leave out the part about trying to make it a point to go the movies, or out to eat, or any other outing at least once a week. If you're blowing your money doing those things, you can't be hurting that bad. You most certainly shouldn't threaten the other parent with loss of visitation to their child! Yes the judge may have given you custody......but they're still the parent as well. You're not only hurting them but you will tear your child apart by using them as a weapon against the other parent!! The ONLY reason that sort of threat should come about is if the child is not being taken care of or is in some sort of dangerous situation while under the supervision of the other parent......and never at any other time. I really hate hearing people do these things to other people. And for no other reason besides the fact they think it's a way to keep them under their thumb. Some people think they have to have control of everything..........they need to grow up and realize that nobody ever has full control of anything.  Once they do that, they may be capable of being half way decent people."ok so maybe my once a week isn't turning out the way i had hoped....but it's not like i haven't thought about blogging! i have. in fact! i kept a pink post it note going on what i needed to blog about. it's full. so this will probably be pretty long.first on the list: i don't have enough guy friends. i don't necessarily have a LOT of friends. (real friends anyway). but i definitely think i need more male friends. less drama. more laughs. and they generally don't get upset when you haven't hung out ""in forever"".second: i got netflix!! i loooooove it!! seeing a bunch of movies i've wanted to see but haven't. and it's cheaper. plus i can watch stuff online (too bad i don't have internet....). which brings me to point 3. dexter. best tv show ever!!! omg. it's disturbing and intriguing all at the same time. brilliant. i'm obsessed. finished season 1 and am on episode 6 of season 2. i definitely recommend it to anyone who likes suspenseful dramas. but if you don't like the F word...maybe steer clear. it's shown on showtime and not cable so....but it's great!!fourth: have you ever felt like telling someone to suck it??? cause i have. a lot lately. i truly want to look at someone i can't stand and forcefully say ""suck it."" maybe throw in a bitch at the end too if i'm feeling really vengeful. i'm sick of the hypocrisy and dumb assed-ness. (<-totally made up that awesome word just now). but in all seriousness....i want a lot of people to pull their heads out their asses.fifth: i live next door to Danville. it's a place for old people. it helps them find affordable housing and care and what not. but i think a lot of old/homeless people live in the building as well. anyway....either someone is about to croak, or they did b/c for the past week the fire dept has been there every night. i stand on the balcony and watch them. which brings me to point 6. wouldn't it be great if a firefighter looked up and saw someone watching them and decided to introduce them self and they fell in love and what not??? not saying me of course. it was just a crazy thought i had. then my next thought was, what a great novel! someone should get on writing that. stat.""My heart broke once I made a decision. I knew I could second guess my decision forever, so I promised myself not to dwell on it. We bought Pikachu and brought her home. Just like with the stuffed dogs, I wish I could have brought all the guinea pigs home and spoiled them like I am and will do to Pikachu.It's only been two days since we brought her home, and I already can't imagine what it would have been like if I'd chosen the other guinea pig.Guinea pigs are more like cats than dogs, in the sense that you have to earn their love. They're also prey animals so they're skittish and wary of humans. But Pikachu is adjusting to her new life. She wouldn't eat the first day when we were in the room, but overnight she ate a little. Now she's drinking water and eating lettuce and squeaking happily when we pet her behind her ears.When I was researching guinea pigs online, everyone who owned them and talked about them on forums and websites were really.. I don't know how to put it, but attached I guess? You can tell they think of them like family. Just like people think of dogs like family, but maybe a little more obsessed. Some people give their guinea pigs entire rooms instead of cages. But now I can see where they're coming from because I do love Pikachu like she's family already. I doubt I'd ever have a room for guinea pigs, but I'm totally creepy guinea pig lady over Pikachu ;)Posted by caitlyndelaney at 12:34 AM 0 commentsTuesday, July 28, 2009I'm going to get a guinea pig.One night, I randomly looked into getting some dwarf hamsters because I remember going to Pet Co. last year and thinking they were cute. I just want a small pet because I can't have a dog and I miss having a pet. The more research I did about dwarf hamsters, though, the less appealing they became. They're appartently not very tame and have only been domesticated for about a decade. They also are cannibalistic toward their young. However, I never wanted or looked into a guinea pig because I thought they were too big but I had heard great things about them.Then I went to visit Mike's sister Nicki and she has one named Yoshime. I'd never really paid much attention to her before, but I really fell in love with her. Nicki let her out and let her run around and she was adorable. So then I started researching and Mike even said he'd be interested in getting one now.I got really excited like a little kid and I got my hopes up. Then we started talking about how our apartment building wouldn't allow pets. We thought about hiding it from them, but the landlords and maintenance burst into our apartments all the time unannounced so it would basically be impossible. I lost all hope, but decided to call anyway and check, even though our lease says ""NO PETS AT ALL. ANY PETS FOUND WILL RESULT IN AN IMMEDIATE FINE OF $1,500 AND THE PET MUST BE REMOVED.""I called our apartment the next day, completely prepared. I had my confident voice and I had all my rebuttals ready. Once they said no, I was going to tell them that I could certainly understand, but that I was willing to pay a pet deposit and that I would let them check up on the guinea pig at any time. However, I never had to use any of those rebuttals. The lady answered the phone and I asked if guinea pigs were allowed. She asked, ""Will it be in a cage?"" and I said, ""Of course."" And then she said it would be allowed.So then I decided that I'm definitely going to get a guinea pig. I'm going to wait until we move into our new apartment on the 21st. Hopefully this isn't just a phase for me and a guinea pig will be a wonderful and friendly addition to the new apartment."Today has gone well. I decided I can't just cold turkey quit smoking, so I've cut down a lot. I use to smoke a pack a day, but today I only smoked 3. So I'm hoping cutting down slowly will help me quit. I've had the taste of alcohol in the back of my throat all day but I've been fighting the urge to drink. It also helps that I moved into my mom and her boyfriend's house yesterday. They don't keep alcohol in the house. So that is helping a lot with the situation. I also moved to a new town which will be very helpful with my change. It will allow me to concentrate on it alot more. Also I can make new friends that support my decisions. Apparently there is a really good church here with a good youth group so I'll have to check that out soon. I'm hopefully going to be finding a job soon and getting my own car. This will help a lot with finding new friends."The 4 Stages of Converse ShoesI've been through a lot with my onverse shoes. I've warn them throught my liffe so i know what it is like and I know the features of when you get new ones. I recently got new ones and i just want to tell you the 4 stages from when you first buy the shoes and when you just cant where them anymore. HAHA1. This is the first stage of your new converse shoes. When you first try them one they are like totally cool and new but they havent really FIT in with the size of your feet. They can feel hard and very new.2. The second stage is when the converse FIT in with your feet. BUT they just start to squeak. I was walking bye in the hallways of my school one day and it startd to squeak, and i noticed that all my converse shoes have done that. I didnt like it. Its kinda embarrassing.3. This is probab;y my favorite stage. The squeak just gos away and it fits within my foot.4.The last stage. I'ts wearing out and the the word ALL STAR has just disappeared. Time to get new ones.Those were all the stages. But theres one thing about converse shoes that I hate. EVERY time i put them on i have to stick my finger in the shoe to get my foot in and my finger is like rubbing against the shoes and it hurts like really bad. Well not that bad.hehe thanks 4 reading this.""So today, was long. I woke up early and finished an essay went to class not too lively of a day.But as I was walking home I heard a strange noise and as I walked closer to this man I noticed he was playing bagpipes. It was pretty interesting, I can say I have ever really seen someone play bagpipes in person before.Now back to homework.So I have started classes again and to my amazement the three of my five classes all require course work to be done and turned in online. I am ok with this but the think that really irritates me is that each class uses a different website. One has Motif one Turnitin one D2L whatever that is. (desire to learn). AND it doesn't stop there I need an Iclicker. What the F*%k is an Iclicker. Incase you were wondering like I was an Iclicker is a device used to participate in class. What happen to the good old-fashioned hand-raising, or class discussion. Well thats it for now.I have to go register on my class websites.""Everyone forgets that Icarus also flew.It's the same when love comes to an end,or the marriage fails and people say they knew it was a mistake, that everybody said it would never work. That she wasold enough to know better. But anything worth doing is worth doing badly.Like being there by that summer oceanon the other side of the island while love was fading out of her, the stars burning so extravagantly those nights that anyone could tell you they would never last. Every morning she was asleep in my bedlike a visitation, the gentleness in her like antelope standing in the dawn mist. Each afternoon I watched her coming back through the hot stony field after swimming, the sea light behind her and the huge sky on the other side of that. Listened to her while we ate lunch. How can they say the marriage failed? Like the people who came back from Provence (when it was Provence) and said it was pretty but the food was greasy. I believe Icarus was not failing as he fell, but just coming to the end of his triumph.""And when I speak German, I have to express myself in exactly the same way. I can't convey the dark subtleties of  my inner-being to the person in front of me. I ask. I get. Simple as. So naturally, my personality and view of the world, how others percieve me and how I percieve myself, changes automatically.When I visit a restaurant and my meal isn't quite right, I have to tell the staff, as clear as day, what's wrong with it. Straight off. If I were in England, given the nature of our language, I would be ridiculously apologetic for any inconvenience I may have caused them. If I said roughly the same thing in German, the waiter would look at me quizzically and ask what I'd done to it. In English I ""remember""; in German I ""remind myself"".In English, I am the height of politeness. In German, I am constantly apologising for things I haven't done - and therefore just a bit weird. And in French? I am a German - over-rolling my ""r""s and sticking verbs at the end of sentences. The languages I speak: as much as I may try to contort the words into something understandable to a native, you can guarantee that the words are contorting me twice as much.Foreign languages - the best and quickest way to contract multiple personality disorder, what say you? ""It has been more than one year from when I wrote my last blog. I require a lot of motivation to do this and of course a good reason as well. Today I've got both to do this again. It's my 23th birthday, which is so specially to be cherished for the rest of my life.I had it in Gottingen. Although far away from family, I've got all the friends celebrated with me at the same time. Messages from friends all over the world--- Swiss, America, Belgium, and France and for certain Home. What's so surprising is the email from Michiru who is a friend of mine in Japan. Despite the fact that she's been very busy with becoming a mother, she still remembers to send her best wishes just in time!!""....Nothing much to write about today. Nothing has pissed me off, nothing making me feel like turning cartwheels. Although, if I turned a cartwheel right now, it would probably end up in a trip to the emergency room and that would piss me off. I just felt like typing so random stuff floating around in my head is ending up here. Is that how you spell babbling? for some reason it doesn't look correct, but spell check says it is right. hmmm? Oh well.Why is it the games Dare likes the most are the ones with the most annoying sounds? Why is he soooo good at them?  I kinda miss the simple games I used to play. Especially the one where you shoot at the gopher stealing carrots out of your garden. If you hit him he would say ""ugh, I'm hit. Going down."" If you only came close he would jump up and down saying ""what was that for you idiot?"" and then flip you off. I missed on purpose often. Drove my mom insane.""For example, there was a friend who was committed to some guy. And then we happened to ask this girl whether she was sure that this was the guy she wished to be with even after say, 10 years. The answer was 'no'. Then, why? The question is WHY? Why do people stick with people, get into a relation, have fun, and then break up? I don't say that all people are the same, and many of them are faithful, but there are many who are not. And even if we recognize the true colours of people, why do we keep passing on time in futile? Time pass? Is that the motive of all this? Love is so fuckin' blind? Are we stupid? Yes. Amen.There was another guy who claims that he had a break up with his girl because that girl hated his doggy and hence, she dumped him. Now. Where is co-operation? Adjustment? What is love? 0_oPeople might ask me to ease down a bit, and take things a bit lightly. They might tell me that I am too serious about life. But hell, atleast I think a couple of times before wasting my time on something or someone. Why holler around with something or someone with no purpose what-so-ever?Another example: friend showing all the smses of a drunk lover: ""ohh maan...your hazel eyes...and your lips...blu blu..bli bli bli...bla bla..."" She laughed at him. And I laughed back loud like an immature oaf. And it seems to be a claimed fact that at the peak of teenage, you are supposed to take the opposite sex a bit lightly. Every Romeo, every cribbing lover happens to be a bastard within with verses of Satan running through his blood. Ahan. We girls(I mean, my species of girls) don't like it when a guy just uses the ladies and we love the 'one man for a life time'-and-the-blah-blah philosophy. But there are girls who can bet on their life to claim that we have to be treated the way we are being treated right now. A girl herself told a guy, that this is the age where we are supposed to know how the opposite sex is, and just hang out with her, and do 'time pass', and not to get too serious about her(say, expert guidance in misguiding the people trudging on right paths). Alright, everyone seems to be stuffed up with the same shit. Not cool. This seems so correct to most of the people, surprisingly. But for me, it seems so utter rubbish. Seems like some unwritten law. Not cool. It's crappy and unnerving.""I don't wanna get hung up on details, or this thing could get long and complicated, so I'll start with some highlights.  Christmas morning was lovely and peaceful.  The Boy is sweet and gracious, and he was so good all day that I'm still not sure it wasn't a coma dream.  Or that Ward drugged him...  I know for sure though, that drugged is the way to celebrate, as a started getting hit with a cold on Wednesday night, and dosed myself with Dayquil all day yesterday.  It slowed my mind just enough that it was like I was watching a home movie.  It was marvelous, really.""Sometimes I feel like Willie Lohman, only I'm much happier. I've been on the road since the end of February. I flew to BWI (Baltimore International Airport), spent a night or two with friends in DC, and then began my journey down to South Florida. After an 8 hour drive I spent the night in St. George, SC. After a morning of not taking advantage of the free processed food , but loving the free treadmill, I ventured on down to Daytona, where Bike Week was in full swing. Friends had rented a gorgeous house in an old neighborhood, with huge oaks and pines and imaginary bobcats.The minute I entered Florida on Hwy 95 I was engulfed in nostalgia. I remembered walking hand in hand with Paul on the Mayport beach at the intersection of canal and Atlantic. We later took the same walk when I was pregnant and we conversed about how excited I was to be introducing a soul to our wayfarer lifestyle with all it's beauty and spontaneity.In Daytona, my girlfriend & I visited the legendary Iron Horse Saloon, it is what I refer to as ""Thunder Dome"". Again, I was taken back to another year, another time, Pre- Adrian. It was the year 1999 when I first entered this bar with it's multi level swing bridges and burn out pits and I knew for sure that Tina Turner would come swinging down any minute.My next stop took me to one of the equestrian capitols of the world. It was great seeing old friends and catching up.My greatest fun, was visiting Nicky. I trained Nicky to take over my job as a shore excursion tour director for the cruise ships in St. Thomas in 1999. She was then my boss as the Atlantis Submarine, a real submarine that took 54 people down 90 feet to a fed coral reef. Nicky now works as a director for a privately owned cruise ship for the elite billionaires of the world. We had a blast. She's from Whales and we are comfortable enjoying a good cuppa.I'm staying in Florida longer than expected. Weather and expectations may be better.Traveling for hours at a time with no dial on the radio worthwhile, with lots to ponder and a journal for contemplating. When the day is done it is satisfying and rewarding. Good friends, good memories, lots of self exploration.""What else? Hmmmmm....oh, I had an interesting string of conversations with Alyssa recently. Apparently my aunt snapped a couple weeks ago and sent Aly the longest email ever as an attempt to make amends with her. They haven't gotten along for years and years. Alyssa was so upset by the email that she sent it to me for some advice. It was such a slap in the face. I talked on the phone with her for over an hour, two different days. Actually, both days I ended up sitting out in my car in the driveway. That is my weird solution to preventing myself from pacing when I'm on the phone for a long time. Eventually our conversation got away from the bullshit with her mom and we caught up about everything else. Alyssa is yet another person that I can talk to about anything. I guess I'm really lucky in that way. Why is it that so many great conversations take place while in the car? Maybe it's just me, but I've had some friendship-changing conversations on a late-night drive on a long road.I have a really fun week ahead of me. I'm seeing my very first Broadway show, and I'm taking a roadtrip to a place I've never been before.Hopefully some of the things that I've ordered as Christmas and Birthday (and baby shower) gifts will start showing up in the mail. I want a better idea of the dent I've made in my holiday shopping.Ok, soooooo, yeah. I guess that's all for now. ""Even when I first started, the lunches were much better than your average school lunch. The kitchen exclusively served organic milk and yogurt, and the salad bar always had lettuce, tomatoes, and other fresh vegetables.Even with a few great items in the cafeteria, it still has a long way to go. The majority of students and staff eat food from the main meal line, and the food is just a small step up from an average school lunch. Hot dogs, hamburgers, nuggets, and pizza are monthly mainstays. Yes, the hot dogs might be lower sodium and the buns are made with whole wheat, but healthy and nutritious, they are not.Before taking this job, I worked in a few upscale restaurant kitchens as a cook, pastry chef, and sous chef. I rarely cooked at home, and I ate pretty poorly during those years. It made me wonder why I was cooking in the first place.I would never have guessed I would end up working in a school cafeteria five years ago. New York City was just beginning to revamp its school lunch program when I was finishing up culinary school. They were hiring at my culinary school¡¯s career fair. I was interested, but I didn¡¯t linger at their booth too long. Why would I spend two years of my life learning to cook and then work for a school, where little cooking is done on premises?Several years later and exhausted from twelve hour days feeding a select few restaurant-goers, I began to think about school food. I heard more and more about people like Alice Waters and Ann Cooper. I taught a free cooking class for high school students and their stories reminded me how bad school lunch can be. At some point, tackling a stagnant school food system seemed much more interesting than making truffle risotto day in and day out.""This morning I gave someone a gift which spread a smile across their face. That was the best feeling ever, to know that making a small amount of effort would improve their day dramatically! I am of course talking about Mother's Day. Today I gave my Mum a 2ft card and a small teddy bear (which she's now called Aristotle..!), and the smile that came on her face was brilliant :) I'm really glad she likes it, and today things seem to be a lot more on the up for her, which is a relief considering last week. As for myself, well today is another day of normality. I'm dying for a week Saturday to come, when unbelievably huge deadlines are out of the way. Every night of this week is going to be dedicated to making some form of draft of my dissertation. I know fully well it won't be anywhere near the standard my final draft will be, but heck, why not make the effort and get some useful feedback. I got a 2.2 for the dissertation report that I did, which was 20% of my overall dissertation grade. Granted, it was a low 2.2, but heck, it could've been a 3rd! So that's given me a bit of a boost. I know fully well my stress levels will go through the roof this week because of my work, but i'll manage hopefully :) And the weekend will bring some much needed relaxation and giggles!"Recently, spm resultt released. Those people around me, have a great result. This make me stress. I stress, not because i scared and hate the feeling of lose. I stress as i don't want to disappoint my parents. They have been putting a lots of hope on me, since i get i a great result at kinder garden. It also mean, my childhood is in stress. Though, i appreciate what they have done. Thanks mum, dad. Although stress, I suppose i will go through it by myself. I will try my best to not disappoint u all. Bro, thanks for your support. You are the best brother in the world. SPM,Me, Rainie, never scare of YOU. As what Asson say, angel is always by my side. "I've been running this off and on cold for three days now. It started with IMMENSE fatigue and soreness, so I thought it was the flu, but then it never digressed into upper-respiratory torture? Then on Saturday it was nonexistent, then today I feel sick again (but still no nose slobber). Maybe it's some order of slow burning swine flu that in a week or two will finally come around to making me do my sickness hibernation techniques.So I have my very own apartment now and all of you should be fucking proud of me, because other than that one time in Asheville (some of you may affectionately remember the hemp-hill home) I have never done this all on my own before. And I do mean all on my own, down-posits, rent, contracts. Talking to them. You know, stuff adults do.I'm going to paint the walls purple and put those glow in the dark stars on my ceiling. Christmas lights will be a-plenty. I already have some dank smelling candles from IKEA that stank up the apartment like crisp cinnamon apple (and now it smells like a thousand cinnamon orgasms).I live in NW balls deep in the city and I wouldn't have it any other way.""I am honored that my painting ¡°The Divine Mother¡± (4' x 8', acrylics) has caused such controversy. The theme of the 2007 Artery Exhibit in Eureka Springs, AR was Icons, and I chose to paint what I believe to be one of the most beautiful and inspirational iconographic themes that transcends the world of art to include the history of mankind¡ª the simple and beautiful image of a woman breastfeeding her child. The judges at the Portfolios.com Creative Awards, an international competition, also found this to be beautiful and gave me an award for this painting (Illustration '08).Since ancient times, people have been so inspired by the beauty of this image that incredible myths and religious stories and artwork have been created, even worshipped. This includes depictions of the Egyptian Goddess Isis breastfeeding baby Horus, an ancient myth which bears striking similarity to and which many scholars say inspired the Madonna del Latte or Maria Lactans imagery of Europe, which reached the height of its popularity in the middle ages.I title my painting ¡°The Divine Mother,¡± though it is not a depiction of the Virgin Mary, as many people erroneously believe. The Virgin Mary is just one divine mother icon of many; my divine mother is one of unity, love, gentleness, compassion¡ªand so she combines world traditions and religions, transcending time and space, melding pre-Christian religions with Christianity to be an icon we can all identify with and find peace and beauty with. Look closely at her face¡ªit is half-blue (many Egyptian statues of Isis are blue) , and she is wearing Egyptian makeup.As many people have noticed, I put a new twist on this subject by adding the text ¡°Does this halo make my face look fat?¡± to the painting. The Madonna Lactans and Isis imagery began as a way to show the compassion of the divine mother and therefore to make her more real, human, and accessible to us. Adding the text was my attempt to refresh and modernize this theme¡ªto make her accessible, relevant, and real to a modern audience. The divine mother, in all her forms, is undeniably the greatest supermodel of the art world since the beginning of mankind¡ªso I believe that like you, she worries about how she looks in a painting, photograph, or sculpture!""A question for God looms in my mind like water rolling and spinning; chortling into an abyss of time. When I was nineteen I was dying so that I could live. I survived this challenge to come through this lifetime with the knowledge that God is within.I was a college student, home for the summer and had gone to a party. At that party there was drinking and pot smoking. A good friend¡¯s boy friend had come on to me and I was tempted to flirt back. In fact, I did flirt back. I was young. I was beautiful and I was an atheist. A year earlier my longest childhood friend had a swimming pool accident which left her a paraplegic. My friend, the athlete was changed forever and I felt guilty. It was the unreasonable kind of guilt that summons over the young just because it can and it did. My friend was changed and I too changed. I grew angry, and in a way I became uncaring about life itself.I learned years later that often when we have profound thoughts they can manifest into reality. My thoughts at that time were, ¡°Why didn¡¯t it happen to me?¡±That night of drunken partying with a cute boy who was supposedly attached to a good friend I got into my car to drive home and through no fault of my own was hit. Suddenly my car flew out of control spinning around and around in the darkened summer night. I sat in the driver¡¯s seat with voices going through my mind of my father and my brother, ¡°Don¡¯t do this....Do that!¡± Paralyzed I began to pray, ¡°Dear God! I don¡¯t know what to do! Help me!¡± In that moment I gave up my arrogance and went into complete surrender and when I did that an extreme and blinding white shield of light came directly out of my chest surrounding me like an egg shell.The car continued to spin and finally slammed into an apartment building narrowly missing a telephone pole. I jumped out of the car mainly to see if I could still walk. My car was totaled, but I was okay. The man who had hit me had been ¡°joy racing¡± with another driver going over 90 miles per hour and I had inadvertently gotten into his way.""Being that my school is on a year round schedule, there is always one ""track"" of kids not at the school for a few weeks at a time. Though I like the sporadic breaks here and there, a small void is always felt for those fellow teachers you work with that are gone for a few weeks. So a few times this school year, a group of my work friends have met up at the Cheesecake Factory for random visits with friends that we have been missing at work. Last week, a Cheesecake Factory trip was planned for this week to play catch up with some of our dear track 4 (off track) teachers. . . or so I thought. . . I should have been a little suspicious when one teacher wished me a happy birthday today at work. . .."" uhhh thanks. . . but a few weeks late! Where are you getting this information?"" Well. . . my brain got a thinking, and sure enough. . . I found myself at Cheesecake Factory dinner not in honor of missing our friends (though I think that is still a big part of it), but rather for a Happy Birthday Shawna dinner!The food was good, the dessert was even better, but the company was by far the best! These ladies have truly become some of my favorite people that I can go to for a laugh or a cry during a time in my life where I have no super close friends in proximity. Today was by far a rather crappy day at work, but who can understand what Im going through better than this group of people? They really know how to make a person feel much better about themselves. Who would've guessed that a two week late birthday dinner could be such perfect timing?? By the end of the night I even got one of them to agree to become a garbage man with me as long as I drive and let her ride the back! Awww. . . now that's what friends are for!""Having mono during school has been really difficult for me. I am constantly tired. Not only is it hard for me to wake up in the morning, it's hard for me to find the motivation to go to class, study and get work done. The doctor said the fatigue could go away in 2 weeks and it could last for 3 months. It's been almost 3 weeks and I feel just as tired as before.I can already tell that this is not going to be a dean's list semester. I'm disappointed with myself, but I feel so helpless. I can't even ask my teachers for a break because UHS won't give me permission to miss any classes.Not only is my academic life suffering, but so is my social life and my emotional well-being. I don't have the energy to straighten my hair any more and my self-esteem takes a hit every time I look in the mirror. I think the huge bags underneath my eyes are permanent. The apartment is a mess too, which I can't live with. Cluttered house, cluttered mind. You're supposed to lose weight with mono, but all I can do is sit on the couch and I'm not allowed to exercise, so I fear I'm gaining weight.I need to turn this around. This is a challenge. If I got dean's list this semester, I would be incredibly proud of myself. I know I shouldn't be straining myself, but I need to push myself because right now, I'm not really pushing myself at all. ""As I've been gleefully exclaiming to all and sundry on my Youtube channel, yesterday I went for some Afternoon Tea (the very phrase conjures pomposity unlimited and therefore regally requires capital letters) at a very posh hotel in London with an intimidating dress code and a price list even more so. So finally, after a lot of to-ing and fro-ing and wandering about the flat in semi-constructed and poorly-considered outfit choices, we finally managed to mobilise our troops and begin our expedition to somewhere a little different.I held Kiwi's hand as we nervously shuffled past the doormen of the Connaught Hotel and crossed the threshold, half expecting to be rebuffed by a cross-looking moustache in a top hat and tails, or for the unsmiling host blocking our entry to our desired destination to tell us that we were unsuitably attired, or our reservation could not be located.Feeling none of the bravado of Red Riding Hood, I felt a little lost in the woods as we were ushered to a seat and sat down before my seat was pushed in. Luckily there was no slapstick tumble to the floor, rather an awkward pause as I calculated the distance between myself and the table, and the danger of dropping one of those so-carefully prepared pastries into that unavoidable gap. I stood up awkwardly and let the nice lady with the grey suit push my chair in a little further.""There's so much to say.Every little nuance of life becomes exaggerated when you're in the hospital.Every interaction becomes multiplied in meaning.Every small exchange between me and the saviors-in-scrubs became a desperate reliance on their expertise and kindness.I feel like the hospital is the gateway from death into brith and life into death.I was  born in one and I've been near death in many.My hospital visits for my various illnesses and surgeries are like the punctuations in my rambling life.Yesterday's surgery went well and by well I mean my knee should be improving and I didn't die.My surgeon explained the ""mess"" my knee was in. There was the ""fracture"" in the cartilage, fairly new (happened 11 months ago) that needed to be cleaned up. Then there was the bone-on-bone arthritis that had to be dealt with. Meniscus shavings were all over the place causing pain and inflammation. He cleaned up what best he could. We'll be doing protein injections in about a month to ease the arthritis.I'm optimistic.The pain is pretty bad but I have plenty of pain killers.I was urged to take them and to get rest.No need to be the tough-guy by not taking the meds.See, pain is a signal to the body that something is wrong. Pain puts the body in crisis mode.Fight or flight crisis responses do not facilitate healing.Taking the pain killers and resting tells the body that it's time to heal.Now if only I would stop fussing around the house and get some rest!!""The second man fumbled with his hands as he stood behind his friend. I realized the second man was mentally challenged and the blue-eyed gentleman was his salvation.I held my tears as I stood there with them. The young lady at the counter asked him what they wanted.He said, 'Coffee is all Miss' because that was all they could afford. (If they wanted to sit in the restaurant and warm up, they had to buy something. He just wanted to be warm).Then I really felt it - the compulsion was so great I almost reached out and embraced the little man with the blue eyes. That is when I noticed all eyes in the restaurant were set on me, judging my every action.I smiled and asked the young lady behind the counter to give me two more breakfast meals on a separate tray.I then walked around the corner to the table that the men had chosen as a resting spot. I put the tray on the table and laid my hand on the blue-eyed gentleman's cold hand.He looked up at me, with tears in his eyes, and said, 'Thank you.'I leaned over, began to pat his hand and said, 'I did not do this for you. God is here working through me to give you hope.I started to cry as I walked away to join my husband and son. When I sat down my husband smiled at me and said, 'That is why God gave you to me, Honey, to give me hope..'We held hands for a moment and at that time, we knew that only because of the Grace that we had been given were we able to give. In my own way I had touched the people at McDonald's, my son,the instructor, and every soul that shared the classroom on the last night I spent as a college student.  "Well I was just sitting here wondering what the next step is. Anybody that knows me will tell you that I'm a person who likes things planned out. But at this time in my life I am not the one in charge of making the plans. I have met a wonderful guy who treats me like gold. But when will he ask me to be his wife? I have gotten my diabetes under control. But when will God make me a mother? I have worked so hard on getting to this point in my life I just wonder what's the next step?"I want this on my body, I want a tattoo, I want a lot of tattoos. First of them has to be a simple heart on my right foot to carry on a simple tradition. Ya see my best friend from the age of about three is going to carry on the tradition of the ""foot heart tattoo"" or whatever it is and I have agreed to embark on this with her. So I cant start my ink filled journey without her.. the journey should start soon... Hopefully.So with no direction and the never ending search for a career path growing more and more difficult I have decided to vent.. to blog. A bit about myself I am a student, studying who knows what at this moment. Transcript says in store for my next semester is French, Sign Language, English 300 and 302 Magic, Witchcraft and Religion, and fitness. We'll see how that goes. I have a strong passion for languages, and culture. I would love to be a reporter, or a medic, a translator, a psychiatrist, I'd love to do it all. First I have to settle on a major, at the moment I am thinking a double major in Communications and International Relations. Or Linguistics. This is going to be harder than I thought..Well I that's it for now I have to call it a day I have a job interview tomorrow. Wish me luck. ""Last night I was overjoyed to see that the snowpeas that I¡¯ve been cultivating for about 4 months now are finally bearing fruit. Like me, they¡¯ve had to show a lot of determination in a place with so little arable land! Boxed in next to my window in a little window-size container they are now happily producing. I can¡¯t wait to taste them. To celebrate the occasion, I¡¯ve asked two friends for dinner next week. I¡¯ve already tried the lettuce I¡¯ve been growing, and to be honest, it didn¡¯t seem like anything special, but my friends pronounced it very ¡°fresh!¡±It seems like things might be turning a corner for me as well. For most of this month I¡¯ve been able to come home before the sky turned black, my email inbox has never gone over 101 unopened messages, I¡¯ve finally gotten most of my address changes done and my Christmas decorations are finally down! I¡¯m hopeful that my growing understanding of school life and the reduction of my weekly hours will enable me to have something left to give or do after the day¡¯s work is over.Thank you, Lord! "I'm not exactly sure what to feel at this point. As a little girl you grow up believing your father is like superman and nothing can hurt him except for kryptonite. As you get older of course, that belief fades and you realize that he is human just like everyone else. But a part of you still wants to hold on to it. Watching my father in that hospital bed made me truly understand how fragile life truly is..........I'm going to miss my daddy.........I hope he found a happier place to be."Sometimes we  wonder, 'What did I do to deserve this?' or 'Why did God have to do this  to me?' Here is a wonderful explanation! A daughter is telling her Mother  how everything is  going wrong, she's failing algebra, her boyfriend broke up with her and  her best friend is moving away. Meanwhile, her Mother is baking a  cake and asks her daughter if she would like a snack, and the daughter  says, 'Absolutely Mom, I love your cake.' 'Here, have some  cooking oil,' her Mother offers. 'Yuck' says her  daughter. 'How about a couple raw eggs?' 'Gross,  Mom!' 'Would you like some flour then? Or maybe baking  soda?' 'Mom, those are all yucky!' To which the mother  replies: 'Yes , all those things seem bad all by themselves.. But when  they are put together in the right way, they make a wonderfully delicious  cake! ' God works the same way. Many times we wonder why He would  let us go through such bad and difficult times. But God knows that when He  puts these things all in His order, they always work for good! We just  have to trust Him and, eventually, they will all make something  wonderful! God is crazy about you. He sends you flowers every  spring and a sunrise every morning. Whenever you want to talk, He'll  listen. He can live anywhere in the universe, and He chose your  heart. I don't know who wrote this, it was sent to me and I wanted to share .. cute! I just wanted to remind you all that if you need prayer or just someone to talk to just send me a message! I'm here for YOU! Alrighty tell me what you thought of this! Tell me about your ingredients!!""I recently received an email regarding being Catholic and boycotting the latest instalment of the series that sent many a devout Catholic seething into pits of Rage (one of the 7 deadly sins, ironically). Funny though, in a related link, the Vatican doesn't seem to care too much. Is this a case of a different kind of crucifixion in today's age of finding an identity?""The person that shares my life and space on occasion, just happens to be named on deed and possession, as I am on theirs. A protection thing for both of us, assuring that the other will oversee all, if one of us cannot.We share the space of the abode, bedroom each (though somehow I got the small one without the walkin closet.) and we share the computer/office room and the other open spaces of the house. But, it seems I type too loud, and so the other must move office and their computer to another space, and I can keep the old. But, though the big bedroom is twice the size of mine, there seems not enough room for ALL the office equipment. So, additional space is claimed for that purpose, Half the sunporch/entertainment room. The rational being, ""it's half my house and you have your room, the computer room, the living room, the kitchen, and I need more space for meetings and connsultations, etc . ."" . . .but . . .seems to me some of that ""my"" space is joint, enjoyed by both.I do not want the sunroom halved, for the purpose of providing more office space, when there was already room enough in the computer room. And, I do not type too loud . .not always. The sunroom is a many-windowed and sunny room with views in three directions, also giving access to the yard and pool. The best room in the house (not counting the other bedroom with walkin closet)I am impossible.I am selfish.It is NOT about me.I fear I shall soon be part owner of a duplex.""Friends? I'm the chewing gum stuck to your sole. I'm the rain that soaks your trousers. I'm the crumbs in your bed. I'm the shoelace that breaks when you're in a hurry. I'm the rubbish you forgot to put in the bin. I'm the person who forgets to listen when you talk. I'm the glob of toothpaste on your newly-washed sweater. I'm the song you can't get out of your head. I'm the monotonous sound that wakes you up when you've taken the morning off. I'm the clothes you've become tired of. I'm the shoe that chafes your foot. I'm the food with too many calories. I'm the wind that wrecks your hairdo. I'm all the people who stare when you're feeling sad. I'm the headache the day after. I'm the telephone that rings when you've just fallen asleep. Will you still be my friend?""Eugh. The past two days, ive seen you twice. You know what, it still kills me. I attempt to talk to you now, and its like nothing. It's like we've never met. I can't believe it all stilled happened. I can't believe i fell for YOU. What an idiot ay ? We used to be so close. You'd lend me your jacket, walk me home, make sure i gave YOU a hug and you ran after me when i was upset and we sat and talked for hours. You made me feel so amazing. A feeling ive never felt before. You knew my family, maaaaan didn't they fucking love you. You made sure i was always safe, you took care of me when we out that night in that club, even after what happened at that party. Don't tell me you never felt anything for me, cus we both know that's a lie. I just can't believe after everything, our friendship means nothing to you anymore. I miss you. I NEED to get over you. In my own way i have. I've HAD to. I just can't believe you were to fucking scared to get it a chance. Just remember, if you're ever reading this, you told me once, you couldnt lose anymore people in your life, i understood you, you used to try so hard to make sure we never lost contact. You'd even make the time in your ""busy"" life to see me after school, and we'd sit in subway chatting about your hard times :/I can't believe it came to this, we were so close, still could've been, probably would have made my life so much fucking easier. But no, you took the coward's way out, becus you were ""too scared"" well from now on. I'm never letting you in my life again. You had your chance. I love you. End of. ""OK, How many of you like to receive a nice letter in the mail from a friend?  I know I do.  Even though most of the time I get the mail from the mailbox it is junk mail, I still enjoy the wonder of ""will there be a letter?""  On small occasions there is a letter that you open and savor.  A nice card from a friend far away with actual hand written words, possibly in a colorful pen.  You read it once, you read it twice, you may read it everyday for a week or longer.  It inspires you to write one back and maybe even write a letter to a different friend.  In this technological world we all email, face book, blog, etc..... and don't get me wrong I love them all, but what has happening to letter writing.  We say we have no time, but really how many hours do we spend on the computer blogging or facebooking. So why has this art form lost its value?  It has lost its value so much that post offices are closing.  Mail delivery may be shortened by a day.I had the wonderful opportunity to live on Martha's Vineyard for a period of my life . During that time I was an avid letter writer.  Nothing like living on a New England Island in winter to motivate letter writing.  There was this wonderful little store in Vineyard Haven, called Paper Tiger.  It was filled with uniques cards, papers,pens, stamps and stationary sets.  I would walk into town and peruse the store for hours picking out just the right cards for people and write letters.  I think I will make someone happy this week and write them a letter and in the mean time support the postal service.  Just think what would happen if it closed.  Many books and history have been written and recorded through letters.  Let's keep our history going!   Happy writing.""I had all these ideas for blog posts about decorating my new house... err, I mean the house we want and are currently in escrow for. You see, this house is thirty years old and absolutely begging for cosmetic work, all in time of course ($$$!). However admist my day dreaming I realized that this house could very well not go through for lord knows what reason. And here I am, planning my life away like I always do. Let's focus on the present, April.So ladies and gents, I present you with my new blog layout. I made about five other collages for the header that I may take a vote on, or ask the hubs since my friends on here are quite lacking. Yes yes, I know I just renovated this place not too long ago, but I needed something to take my mind off of possibility. I am in control of this layout, you see, and it just feels right.Thoughts? I am feeling irritated. Perturbed. Surrounded by crazy folks (family, patients) and people who want my money (tax time and despicable landlords).  So this morning as a means to debrief I turned to a picture of my own version of Walden Pond, which led me to Thoreau; Walden and Civil Disobedience:""Now I think about the lives and trials of these women, and then my own. Will there be a reward for me, here on this earth? I don't know. There may not be. But I can't live my sick life waiting for it. It's difficult, more difficult than many can imagine. Having epilepsy, Crohn's, depression, anxiety attacks [which are the worst things on the face of the earth], nightmares, and now back pain and some kind of cold virus. I'm literally *never* healthy. But I take comfort in the fact, the knowledge I am certain of, that one day, I will be completely healed of all my ailments. And I will see Regina, and Betsy, and little Layla Grace, and they will all be healthy too, celebrating God's greatness. I look forward to that day. Until then, I wait. Something I don't like doing, but maybe I'll do some good while I'm at it.It helps, to write my thoughts as I'm going through them. Instead of thinking about it all beforehand, just starting and writing, continuing as I realize new things. So, really, this is more for me than anyone else...""Shopping that is environmentally friendly and easy on the pocket?? Why that would be a clothes swap party my friend! Yes as the Fashion society at Uni we decided to host one this week. Basically you brings some of your clothes that you no longer wear along and then swap them for somebodys else's castaways et voila you have new gear that didn't cost you a penny! You know what they say one man's rubbish is another's riches...(that is what they say, right?). Well anyway it was very successful, I got myself a lovely new bag and jumper out of the deal. I would highly recommend you all try it.I also booked my flights to London with my girls yesterday! We are heading for a short break in the easter hols to treat ourselves to plenty of shopping, sight seeing and show stopping adventures. Camden market is on my list of top 5 places in the entire world, so I am very excited to be going back! It's such a mesmerising place, so diverse and exciting. And they have the best doughnut stand I have ever seen. I'm tres excited!"OK, so I know that the blog is supposed to be about Psychology, but I have another passion, Photography. And sometimes the tog in me has to come out and play. Like one night last week, when Cas came home from school demanding to go out, and Gaz suggested we go for a walk. There's a resovoir not too far from us called Entwhistle, which is really pretty. So we decided to go there. I grabbed my camera bag with a "I'll only kick myself if I see a shot and haven't got my camera" and off we went. I was soooooo glad I'd grabbed my camera when we got there! The sun was setting and the lake was partly frozen. The light was amazing, the colours were incredible. It was a VERY slow walk, with my boys sighing every time I lifted the camera again. But I think it was worth it! Judge for yourself......"How was everyone's weekend? Well last week I did promise I would 'do' a post (is that proper blog-inology?) about my Television work in Australia and the US over the past 6 years, so here goes!At the ripe age of 20, fresh out of Griffith University where I studied Film and Media (there you go Simon Cowell, I am well educated :), I landed my first major gig hosting a daily kids show on the Nine Network Aust. called 'Hot Source'. This was my training ground for hosting, editing, segment producing, and script writing.My next major move was hosting the daily show 'Studio Disney' on the Disney Channel. I LOVED loved loved this job so much! I was lucky enough to travel around the world and Australia, and work with the most amazing team. Disney really taught me a lot about the international TV industry, and the work ethics and brand values they hold are second to none."Hippocrates is known for the Hippocratic oath that medical doctors are sworn by. Hippocrates was the first known physician. His name is also where the word hypocrite originates from. I¡¯m not sure how it correlates with medicine but I¡¯ve come to know plenty of hypocrites. Some believe being hypocritical is sometimes in others best interest. Me? I disagree. If people ask questions they can¡¯t handle the answer to..Why ask? I¡¯m a rather sensitive soul yet I can appreciate brute honesty any day...over simple hypocritical bullshit! Don¡¯t keep it Real. Keep it Sincere...Your reality may be askew from mine......"When I was younger, I loved stuffed animals. I had so many stuffed animals in my room and even more beanie babies. Whenever I did get a new stuffed animal, I would always pick one out and then second guess my choice. I would worry about not ""saving"" the other animals from the store.I vividly remember being in a gift shop of a hotel and picking out a new stuffed animal. There were essentially two different choices. I could get the dog with the brown spots or the dog with the black spots. But it was so much more complicated than that with me. I chose the dog with the brown spots and then I wondered which of the brown-spotted dogs to choose. I closed my eyes quickly picked one up. When I opened my eyes, I looked at all the dogs still on display that I hadn't chosen. I promised myself that when I came back to the hotel, I'd ""save"" the rest of them.So you can only imagine my struggle in picking out a guinea pig to save at the pet store. The poor little furballs had probably never been touched since they'd arrived at Pet Co. and they're all in the clear plexi-glass boxes, which are horrible for them to begin with, with crappy bedding (litterally) and such little space to move. Thank god we had to get a girl (since Mike's sister has a girl guinea pig and we want them to play together without having to worry about little baby guinea pigs), or else the decision would have taken hours.There were four female guinea pigs available at Pet Co. the day we went in to get our guinea pig. There were two white ones which I quickly eliminated, sadly, completely based on the color of their skin. They had the red eyes and just didn't look like guinea pigs really. I felt so bad for them because they would probably not be adopted for a while.. maybe not ever. Just thinking about them now is making me sad. I should have been less appearance-focused and maybe got one of them, but I didn't.It was incredibly hard to decide between the other two. I had liked the one's that fur looked like a calico cat's. Mike liked the brown one with the white stripe. The guinea pig would be mine, but I wanted Mike to love her too. It was all my decision and I was bringing her into our apartment and he promised he would help financially and with feeding and cleaning her cage. I knew I would love which ever guinea pig we chose.The calico one was especially cute because her nose was even spotted-- half was white and half was black. But the one with the white stripe was a lot more active. We had actually came to Pet Co. three times in the week and she was always awake and jumping around the cage. The calico one was always asleep. Also, Mike and I had decided on a name beforehand, Pikachu, and the brown one looked more like a ""Pikachu"" to me. So based on her personality, the name we chose and Mike's previous opinion that he liked the brown one more, I chose the brown one.""ow do you deal with grief? i found myself crying last night as i watched a tv show and one of the main characters painfully re-entered the same location where her daughter was suddenly taken from her. it reminded me of the night my puppy chucky was taken. now i know an animal can't really be compared to a human loss but my little puppy was my angel, my shadow and my baby. i still grieve over the loss and i still see the accident in my head on a regular basis. So this wont get me any fans but i am a self proclaimed high school bully, i am not ashamed of it because it is how i survived high school. i didn't bully every one i just picked on certain people and most of the time it was retaliation for shit they had already done to me.but since school has finished i left my bullying days behind me, i left every one alone. So my question tonight is how do you deal with people who you cant really get rid of? The current pain in my ass happens to be my boyfriends best friends partner so i cant really stomp on her and then scrape her off the bottom of my shoe.i want to know how you would deal with a person you cant quite get rid of... ""Well for those that don't know I am taking 10 freshman kids from school to the Grand Canyon over spring break! Yes I have lost my mind....No I really am excited... I think! We leave early Monday morning for the airport to fly to Las Vegas. Then we fly out the red eye friday night!  So yes I am spending my Spring Break with KIDS what am I thinking? I am sure it will be a vacation I will never forget!"I dont know why its taken me so long to realize most people don¡¯t live with principles in their lives? I guess since I was raised to carry myself with some integrity...I figured others did the same. No good deed goes unpunished. This I learned the hard way. Humans do not realize they are the very cause of their own demise. In this myriad of complexities we call the matrix or cyber world. People become lost. Hiding behind their pc or phone screen. Playing dress-up for their webcam or camphone. No real friends or relationships. Nothing tangible. Me? I like to be able to reach out n touch someone. Whether it be to show love or put tips on em. Old skool stilo. Just know in my life..Integrity exists. Dignity is honored. Principles matter. When I leave Gods green Earth I can take those with me. The matrix is all an illusion so doesn¡¯t be mislead."It started raining Friday morning. And it rained. And then it rained. And then it really rained.In the wee early hours of Saturday morning the wind became frenzied. An endless whistle punctuated by roaring gusts. The kind of wind that either mutes all other sounds or distorts them into something ominous.Is that the trees moving? Or is there an army of ninjas crawling on the roof? Our backyard and the suburban crap sprawl beyond it inclines toward the house. Not the smartest groundbreaking move but it¡¯s really fine as long as you have a French drain around the foundation.We do not have a French drain.We do however have a lovely lakeside view.""I'm sitting at my computer on this chilly autumn morning with a gentle breeze floating through my very open window. I can see tall trees and a families backyard and i hear men's voices as they walk around preparing to demolish the house located just behind mine. I hear trucks, cars and buses on the road, the occasional horn and birds singing their cares away and chattering among themselves.Today I'm more expressing a thought then a questions, will the world really change so severely in the next couple of years that if i were doing this in ten years i wouldn't hear the noises or see the trees? well i know that by next week i wont see the trees, the block of land they are located on is being flattened so that contractors can build housing commission flats on it.The whether has gotten a lot chillier since autumn began a few weeks ago, i wrap a blanket around myself every time i leave my bed in the morning. I like the mornings that i look back at my bed after leaving it and i see my partner still laying there sleeping peacefully with his head now laying on the very same pillow mine just left. Its lonely mornings like this one that i dislike.On days like this i wonder about my future, will i achieve all the goals i want to achieve, will i help, will i still be with him? then i casually shake my head and forget about them, its no use worrying over what is going to happen in a few years when you don't even know what might be happening that very day.... "I am getting increasingly irritated by the minute. I wish people around me could get over their own inconsequential lives and stop bringing their negativity into the lives of others. I am beyond the point where I can offer empty consolation and sugar-coated words just to seem 'nice'. I am tired of people who sulk around all day thinking about their own humongous huge issues and 'problems' and spoil life for EVERY body. Just suck it in and continue to do what you have to do; THAT is where the strength lies, not in pretending defiance at the mere hint of another trying to make light the situation, which they probably are doing to make YOU feel better and realize how infinitesimal and pointless your gargantuan 'issues' are."The weather's turned, and the old neighbors creep out from their crammed rooms to blink in the sun, as if surprised to find they've lived through another winter.Though steam heat's left them pale and shrunken like old root vegetables,Mr. and Mrs. Tozzi are already hard at work on their front-yard mini-Sicily:a Virgin Mary birdbath, a thicket of roses, and the only outdoor aloes in Manhattan.It's the old immigrant story, the beautiful babies grown up into foreigners. Nothing's turned out the way they planned as sweethearts in the sinks of Palermo. Still, each waves a dirt-caked hand in geriatric fellowship with Stanley, the former tattoo king of the Merchant Marine, turning the corner with his shaggy collie, who's hardly three but trots arthritically in sympathy. It's only the young who ask if life's worth living, notMrs. Sansanowitz, who for the last hour has been inching her way down the sidewalk, lifting and placing her new aluminum walker as carefully as a spider testing its web. On days like these, I stand for a long time under the wild gnarled root of the ancient wisteria, dry twigs that in a week will manage a feeble shower of purple blossom, and I believe it: this is all there is, all history's brought us here to our only life to find, if anywhere, our hanging gardens and our street of gold:cracked stoops, geraniums, fire escapes, these old stragglers basking in their bit of sun.""Wow...has three years already passed??  Neither of us can believe it.  It seems like yesterday that we just met.  It's unimaginable the love we share.  Regardless of our past and present we look on to the future as a family.  I admit, we didn't know each other for too long until we just clicked.  We saw each other's pain and mended it.  We are each other's missing piece in the most uncomprehensible  jigsaw puzzle fitting right into place.  We've had our fights, but we learn from them and grow stronger.  We have our special moments and grow stronger.  We discuss everything and hide nothing and grow stronger.Everyone tells him how lucky he is to have me at his side, but yet they don't understand that I am incredibly lucky to have him at my side.  Alex is the type of guy that every guy wishes they could be and that every girl would want.  Sure he has his downfalls, but if you don't accept them and help your love up, that is your downfall.  We have shared our past to each other and our ex's, but together we laugh and say how far we've come to finally meet the right person to wake up to and enjoy life with.  There is no better way to grow but through experience and communication with no restraints.  No lies, no hidden messages.  Just straight forward truth and compassion.We are always supportive of each other through whatever endeavor.  If we disagree, we discuss; and from that we understand each others points and come to conclusion.I'm not materialistic like his past relations and that's what he loves.  I keep him happy as any woman should to his man.  We are our own person and there is no better way to be expressed.  I'm quite a goofy one so it always makes him smile.  Seeing him smile is such a joy it makes me smile.  Now we have Sasha as well and she just helps us grow even more closer.  His mother and I adore each other and confide in each other so dearly.  We are the best of friends.  Our small family may be small, but in our hearts we are as big and robust as the night time sky if not more.  Three years have just gone by so fast.....We all await for what the future holds for us as our love grows stronger."After college and getting settled in a new job I decided that it was time for a new chapter in life. So I moved into my very own place. Yes 23 and just moving out. I knew this would be a very difficult move because I had never even stayed overnight away from home but maybe 3 times. Boy was I right! So I called in for reinforcements. Jodi and Kristy to save the day. We all needed to get away for our own reasons so this was the perfect time. We would watch Tom Cruise movies and eat popcorn until we got sick. Painting the house was a damn good time considering that none of us was 100% sure of what was going on. Thank God  for family. Who knows what that place would have looked like. After the newest wore off and everybody got into something else, there I was all alone again. I still had family but I needed someone. So I had lost some weight and was feeling pretty good about myself so I called up Jodi and told her we needed to get together. She had been through a divorce recently so she was ready."I do not seem to be able to stay current with anything lately and blogging has been the worst. I am trying to keep up with assignments in my Web Design class, keep my lia sophia business afloat, which means calls and organization and keeping up with paper work, trying to keep my house clean and attempting to get some long overdue redecorating done. Which brings me to this picture? Remember when my son moved home for 6 months and we repainted his room in the color of his choice? Well this room is now my office (with another cardboard creation homework assignment from Sadie's art teacher stored here). It is BRIGHT! Not in a good way.""I don't want to admit how long it took me to figure out what these are called. As soon as I figured it out I said, ""duh, I knew that."" Sea Urchins, or Echinoids (dead), in case you were wondering. I'm glad I saved some poor soul the time searching on Google for ""round, hollow sea creature"", or ""spherical sea creature"" or ""circular coral reef animal"", because I certainly did not spend a lot of time doing the same thing, nope, not me.And now that I am done wasting time on the internet looking up round sea animals I will now go waste more time on the internet stalking people on Facebook.This has been a public service announcement brought to you by a procrastinating graduate student that just wants to go home right now. Have a nice day :)""Then there was my life, which had fallen apart. All I was left with was the thought that I has tried, really tried and nothing in my life worked and my psychic pain was worse. God, I thought was either ignoring me or he just did not think I had prayed the right prayers, thought the right thoughts, gone to church enough, repented enough, suffered enough, believed enough, done enough, or was just not good enough. And I was very, very angry at Him.After awhile I gave up and recently decided that I would try to fix me, to save me myself. Then I gave up on God again. And it has been wonderful. My therapist is helping me find hope in, to accept, to connect with, to believe in, myself. I have reached points where I just want to crawl out of my hole and join a wonderful world. When I have those moments where I can't take 'it,' where my childhood demons overwhelm me and I want to get away, I retreat into my room, but I don't want to crawl in a hole anymore. I am open to the ideal that there is indeed something 'else.' Something nurturing, kind, loving, in this universe but I am looking for that within myself.""She loves to wear dresses while she plays trains and cars. She tromps through the mud in her pink tights. Rarely leaves the house without a necklace or bracelet, but runs faster than the boys and hasn't met a jungle gym she can't conquer, even at 2 3/4.The day I snapped this shot with my phone, we spent quite a bit of time shoe shopping, just for fun. She loves red heels, just like I do. (I would have bought these, but they were too big for both of us.) We giggled and pranced in the isles of Ross, trying on silly shoes we didn't need just because it was fun and they were really inexpensive, anyway.I am so proud of my little girl. She is her Grandma Judeen's granddaughter. I have no doubt that she, too, will be bailing hay in a miniskirt or stomping across the cow pasture without looking down, perfectly accessorized.""I get so emotional and then I laugh, we humans are really something.I can enjoy reading debates on subjects that I have no opinion about but when it comes to subjects where I have choosen a point of view that is very deep in my heart I shun away and I can't continue reading. I do not want to comment.Right now people are fighting for the right to home school in Sweden, as some religious family made some bad choices based on their beliefs. There is an article about how children learn(link below) that I agree with. I wish I had the chance to live like this when I was young. I sometimes do not understand my own children?s choices to attend school and all the things (restrictions) that goes with that.Freedom for me is so important but I will respect my children?s choices now as well as when they grow up. Although every now and then (too often, Elena says) I ask if she wants to quit school and I reminded her how nice it was before school. FYI Elena started school when she was 9, and I am happy she waited that long at least.Anyway I am getting lots of emails from the Swedish homeschooling group about articles and ofcourse there is lots of comments on the subject. Some are so uphauling that it is just amazing to me how we as humans can have such extreme opposite beliefs. But that is really okay. What turns my stomach is how people can judge and condemn others for their beliefs.Well, I was just in the middle of it today and did not feel so good.I know it can be lonely to be a warrior (my favorite definition, from Stuart Wild, I mean different from mass consciousness) but it sure is worth it."The world is full of some beautiful souls, and it surely seems that Olivier Dupon from Dossier37 is one of them. He is known to many Sydneysiders for his gorgeous shop Lola Et Moi, which he ran for about three years, and now the rest of the world is getting to know his quirky, colourful and inspired ways through his blog Dossier37. Olivier kindly shared these pics with Daily Imprint of his home in Pyrmont. As he describes it, "Great views, great light... We use the flat as a white blank canvas for our collections of antique and modern artworks and designer pieces."Born in Brooklyn and now living in the not so wide open spaces of NJ. I have a 35 year old son - yes I was a knocked up teen - he and his wife share a Mother/Daughter type home with me. I run my own business - used to have an office but now work out of home. I often work a second job to pay for Internet service. I have 2 rescued cats."I have become just a little bit wrapped up in this weight loss process and all the new things I am discovering about me, my habits around food, alternative forms of exercise, and life in general.  I have shared all of my thoughts with you on this blog but I really don¡¯t want this blog to be a weight loss blog.  I started Living The Life Of Tere to be about my life, my family, my thoughts.  Me, Me, Me.  Weight loss is a part of my life but it is not the only part of me.  But I had things I wanted to share with others about weight loss, things that have helped friends and others.  I started to put off writing here about some funny things my kids did and other stories so I could post some weight loss stories.  That¡¯s not really where I wanted things to go.I decided I needed to compartmentalize my life a bit when it comes to sharing my life with others.  So I did something that makes no sense with the small amount of time I have . . . I started a separate weight loss blog.  One where I can share my thoughts on weight loss, food diary, successes and failures, low calorie recipes, tips and tricks from others, reviews of products, other people¡¯s success stories . . . for those that are interested in that type of thing.""We were friends along the way, sharing postcards, phone calls, fudge, pasta developed for diabetics, and videos of Bill the dog. We figured out ways to get along regardless of our differences. You were part of my life for over two years and now you are gone. No more ""yer"" this and ""yer"" that. No more emails outside of MySpace, that most others knew nothing about. I always appreciated your consideration for my feelings.When we first met, sometime in 2007 or 2008, you didn't think you would live until Christmas of that year. But you did. Count that as extra gravy. But I know it hasn't been easy extra time. With all my heart, I hope you just went to sleep the other night and never woke up. Sleep well with peaceful dreams, Sweetpea. We won't forget you.""Where I come from it¡¯sÿ.A small island of the coast of North Carolina called ¡°Cape Hatteras Island,¡± known for the tallest Lighthouse in our nation. It¡¯s also known for its beaches, white sands, surfing waves, and it¡¯s treacherous Diamond Shoals. It has a very rich, full history in many areas of our past; wars, pirates, and tourism. Many stories fill my head and my heart over flows with the memories I myself have on that little sandy beach I called home for most of my life. My family moved to Cape Hatteras when I was a very young girl, I believe I began the 3rd grade there on the island. We moved across the states from Bremerton Washington with my father¡¯s job in the US Navy. Of course moving to the island at that time brought great change in my life and back then it truly was just a little island, full of mom and pop shops and restaurants, little tourism, and 1 full military base.As a child our days were spent; playing with the neighboring children, playing in the park, or making a trip over the dunes to play at the beach. In many ways it was ideal yet in today¡¯s society by many standards it would be considered lacking on so many levels. ""The other day I was so lucky as to be able to spend time at one of my favorite places. It's a place I hope to spend the vast majority of my summer. (Second to work, I suppose, but let's not think about that now) Shortly after arriving, I ran into a friend and inquired as to his well being.He replied, ""Oh, perfect! If I won the lottery, it'd be a step down!"" I love it. I feel the same way, surrounded by such awesome people in my life.""Hospital waiting rooms have wi-fi now. Isn't that great? And it's noisy in here. I didn't expect that. We are swapping stories about my MIL who has not been married to my FIL for years. MIL travels with food. Half-eaten food. Want some coffee cake? I couldn't leave it behind, it was so good. That kind of thing.My SIL is here in Dayton from Madison, WI. Other SIL, from Chicago, will come in later this week, tag team hospital visits. The plan, medico-wise, is to remove a goodly portion of FILs left lung, and follow up with chemotherapy. Because he actually has a chance to survive this thing, FIL has quit smoking. So far, anyway. His wife is working on it. SIL from Madison will be taking regular smoke-breaks during the day. We are working on our explorations of the kitchen-infested, extended-stay hotels in the south Dayton area. Last night's was not as nice as the last one we stayed in, but it was fifty bucks cheaper for the night. So there's that. And I am never one to pass up a free breakfast.The back pain is subsiding, which is good. I am being very careful with it, to maintain. Thanks to everyone for all your good wishes, both for me and for Husband's dad. If the waiting gets long or boring, I'll hop on and write some more, and I'll post any updates we hear. For now I'll post because I am a total comment whore. Shut up. No wait. Don't shut up. I mean shut up about me being a comment whore.I think I've had too much coffee this morning.""How do you deal with grief? i found myself crying last night as i watched a tv show and one of the main characters painfully re-entered the same location where her daughter was suddenly taken from her. it reminded me of the night my puppy chucky was taken. now i know an animal can't really be compared to a human loss but my little puppy was my angel, my shadow and my baby. i still grieve over the loss and i still see the accident in my head on a regular basis. So this wont get me any fans but i am a self proclaimed high school bully, i am not ashamed of it because it is how i survived high school. i didn't bully every one i just picked on certain people and most of the time it was retaliation for shit they had already done to me.but since school has finished i left my bullying days behind me, i left every one alone. So my question tonight is how do you deal with people who you cant really get rid of? The current pain in my ass happens to be my boyfriends best friends partner so i cant really stomp on her and then scrape her off the bottom of my shoe.""There are many things in life that make me happy. Little things, things that just make me smile. One of my favorites is Post Secret Sundays. Post Secret is a project started a few years ago by a man named Frank. Frank left a few postcards in a few public places with simple instructions. Write a secret on it, decorate it if you like, and send it in, anonymously, to the address already written on the card. It grew into quite a phenomena. Now, Frank gets postcards from all over the world. He's compiled them and published more than one book. And every Sunday, Frank posts a new set of secrets on postsecret.com. Even with the books and the website, only a fraction of the secrets are viewed.Every Sunday, I log on to my computer, excited to see the new secrets. It's a simple pleasure that I truly enjoy. The secrets are often sad, sometimes disturbing, occasionally funny, but always insightful.Everyone has secrets. Little secrets, like you really don't like your friend's new haircut. Unimportant secrets, like it was you who ate all the blueberries(an actual secret that made me laugh out loud). And big, important secrets, ones you don't even dare think about for fear of inexplicably blurting out loud simply from the weight of it.""Woke up around 11 am and realised that I most likely was DYING. The horror...! THE HORROR...! It should be said that I deal with illness like a man, an over-dramatic man. So I phoned my doctor, seeing as I'm Stockholm-bound for Friday and didn't feel like suffering from intense ear-ache on my flight. Managed to eat an apple. One apple a day does NOT keep the doctor away.Walking to the doctors it was hard not to feel giddy though (in spite of my case of the DEATH). It was so sunny and warm, flowers everywhere and I could really feel how this was it. Winter is well and truly over! Bumped in to my friend Nat, out for some fresh air with a friend. Nat was equally ill, and her friend had tonsillitis. Poor us.Walking back home from the doctors I spotted this book in the Childrens Bookshop in Bruntsfield. I had to stop and buy it for my own (not so) hugless Douglas. You can see part of his hairy leg in the picture above. The likeness with a fussy bear is striking.My new bedding was delivered! Ooooh, all white, crisp and new! Sat on it with Doris the ukulele for a while, feeling all summery and happy."That one day, the world will change, and people will start realizing how beautiful life really is. I pray that one day the world will be rid of liars, cheaters, and thieves. &if not rid of, than those people will see that their actions actually do affect others. I pray that their eyes will be opened, and they will start to feel the way that God feels toward His children. I pray for the rid of ignorance and foolishness. I pray for the rid of selfishness. I pray that God's hands will protect the hearts of the ones who live for Him, and pity those who never believed. I pray that God will bless those in need of strength and courage. I pray no punishment. But I do pray for the people who need to get what they deserve. I pray that people who don't care, will start to. And people who do care get what they need out of everything. Life isn't about wanting things for yourself. It's about loving those who you easily provide for. Materials are nothing without the feeling of loving what you have. The thankful feeling you receive when blessed by things that you love. I pray that anger will be lifted off of my shoulders. I pray that God will give me the strength to lift my head up and walk with positive energy. I pray that God will give me the strength to forgive those who I feel I cannot forgive, and help those to forgive me for the wrongs I've caused upon them. &I pray, that one day God will help me believe that this is all worth it, and happiness is really obtainable.  "Today was one of those I should really get up and do something, but I don't wanna kind of days! So I didn't! I Hung out with my wonderful husband and sweet kids. Poor Hunter came home from his sleepover really sick. As soon as he walked in our front door I knew he was sick! Then I felt him and I he said ""Mom, I feel terrible."" He broke my heart. He is running a fever and has a bad cough. If I don't see an improvement in him by tomorrow, I'm going to take him to the ER. Hunter is so thin and frail as it is because he isn't the best eater, so we kind of panic when he gets sick at all.Anyway, other then Hunter being sick, our weekend is lazy and good! I like it when Mark is off work and the kids are home from school and we can all just be together. Our weekdays are so crazy and busy, so the weekends are a time to be together.Everyone is gathered around the t.v. right now watching America's Most Wanted. Okay, I know not the best family show, but we all love COPS and America's Most Wanted and we never miss it on Saturday night."Alex is now 3.5 months old and doing great. He has found his hands and they are normally in his mouth. He is great at assisted standing and sitting. He has all kinds of sounds. Goo, hoo, oooh and ahhh. Bouncing in the bath is his favorite activity. His friends Elliott (Zoe's brother) and Maude (Max's sister) were born at the end of November. So they are only a couple of months be hind him. Max had his second birthday right after Christmas. We got to see him open on present. Nathan helped with the rest. Alex loves to be held when awake. As soon as he is sleeping he wants to be put down in a quiet place. As far as sleep he does ok. Currently he is sleeping from 9pm-1am and then up again at 4 and 6 or 7. This would be fine with me but Nathan has been getting up at 3. Make for a long morning."Ok so you know how when you to anywhere they want to know what you're allergic to? Well my answer was always nothing. But now I have an answer. Anything in the Factive family. It took two trips to the hospital and alot of itching to figure it out. I have a few pictures in the ""people you know abulm"" for you to see but man it's a you had to of been there kind of thing. But with the great nurse I have helping me with my oatmeal baths and slathering down of the old sticky lotion I'll make it through just fine. Man you got to love a good nurse!2-9-08 You know I'm still not sure that I was having a reaction. I have had sooo many kids with the same rash at school. Poor kids!""I love The Biggest Loser and believe it can truly motivate people to get help when they can¡¯t figure out how to help themselves but the contestants get bigger and their stories sadder each season. All fat people are not sad. Some of us have dated and been loved and really like ourselves but want to live healthy, active lives so we change our bad habits and work hard to get rid of the weight we so blindly allowed to take over. But people need to realize that being skinny is a lot like winning the lottery. It¡¯s great and some things are easier but all your emotional issues are still there until you DO something about them. Maybe self-confidence really WAS my problem. I was ok, my life was ok. I was happy. So I never did anything about the weight that kept creeping on. I have done something about it several times over the last few years but really only half-heartedly, because I felt like I SHOULD. But I am doing it this time and I am very serious about it. ""I just love and cherish the place where I was born because I am a friend, cousin, niece and granddaughter of people who reside in Israel. I also happen to LOVE the scenery, food, and environment of my homeland.Fine, so I lied a bit. I would hate to see Israel non-existent or unrecognized. Which definitely means I am NOT anti-Israel. I'm also pro-peace. Glad we got that out of the way...A little history on how I got into this whole pro-Israel mess:I was born in Rishon Le-Tzion, Israel. I lived there until I was eight, except for a brief year when my parents decided to venture off to Hong Kong and get all these stamps on my passport from all of Eastern Asia. Too bad all I have is the passport...I moved to the Silicon Valley where I only started to value and recognize my Israeli identity in high school.I got really involved in a youth group called Tzofim, and dreamed of joining the Israel Defense Forces after high school as early as freshman year.I spent every summer vacation in Israel during my high school years. Summers were all I looked forward to.Did I mention the Silicon Valley has a huge Israeli community? Well this was a huge factor for my ability to stay connected to my culture instead of diving into the big melting pot of american society.Well as it turns out, there aren't many Israelis in San Diego, where I go to school. Thus, when looking to get involved with the Israeli community at UCSD, I was right away pointed to the direction of Israel advocacy. This is where this whole pro/anti thing comes in. Israel advocacy is basically feeding everyone and their mom the greatness of Israel through it's diversity, innovations, and did I mention- it is the only democracy in the middle east? It's making sure Jews are pro-Israel and non-Jews are simply not anti. Sometimes, I feel as if it one big brainwash. But I live for it.So.I'm going to Israel this summer simply to enjoy every beautiful (and humid) moment. ""I am at the beach on Spring Break.  Not my Spring Break but my daughter's.  Several months ago, Daughter and her friends decided they were going to the beach for Spring Break.  They planned, they analyzed, they researched then realized that they needed someone older to rent a place and it was going to take a lot more money than they thought.  So they invited the Moms.  Don't get me wrong . . . I don't feel used.  How many 20 year olds would even consider taking their moms along with them on Spring Break?  We are actually quite honored.  And we are having fun.""What if you could have forty million dollars completely tax free... but you could never spend more than two days in the same city. This means that you'd have to move all your stuff every two days.  You could rotate cities, but you'd have to put three cities in between every rotation.  So if you wanted to go back to whatever city you're from you would have to make sure you stayed six days at three other cities before going back.Would you take the money and resign yourself to the life of a nomad or would you stay put and live where you wanted for however long you wanted?I don't know what I¡¯d do.  If I took the money I¡¯d definitely invest in an rv.  i don't know if I could do that forever though.  Not having to work ever would be nice, but I may want to stay somewhere sometimes.  What would you do?"I am a sucker for a Liberty print. I still have several items, including a paisley bag, which I bought from the store when I used to live in London. So it's no surprise that I like these pretty - in a old-fashioned yet contemporary way - baby clothes from Elki. It was started by sisters Emma and Georgina who grew up in a creative home. Emma went on to study visual communication and become a graphic designer while Georgina studied fashion. Emma lives in central west NSW while Georgie is based in Bowral. The sisters import the fabric from Liberty of London and design and make the products themselves."I love the atmosphere the olympics are stirring up in my city. I love how I can get downtown after a 20 minute bus ride and experience granville street at its best. The colours, smells, sounds and feelings of patriotism breathes Vancouver new life. Nightlife is more expensive, but hey, it's a great time to be barely legal. With the exception of day one (and today), our city has been enjoying some of the best weather it's seen in February. Things haven't been perfect though. With the tragic death of the Georgian luger on day 1, the untimely death of Canadian figure skater Joannie Rochette's mother, unseasonal, warm weather, the disappointment of some Canadian medal hopefuls...and not to mention the failure to bring the fourth pillar up for the opening ceremonies (lol, FAIL) we've been good sports. We're handling it well. The enthusiasm for the games is contagious.""""weird""let's discuss what this word means to us. to me it's one of the most positive words i know. i think i generally use it to replace ""interesting"" but after trying to convince a guy the other night that me calling him ""weird"" was a massive compliment, i realized i might be alone in this. i am completely attracted to things and people that are curiously bizarre. things i don't quite understand but that none the less, peak my interest. i think most people i know feel the same way but whenever i use the word with a big smile on my face, i get the oddest looks. i also tend to take it as a compliment when i'm called ""weird"", even though i'm sure it's often not meant that way :)google image ""weird"" and this is the first thing that comes up. see how great it is?"I like...flipping my blankets over to the cold side when I sleep, the smell of sun-dried laundry, back scratches, food, the winter's first snowfall, beach days, wallowing in music on a gloomy, wet vancouver day, crazy moments with people that I am crazy for, nail polish, avocados, big warm hugs, large meadows that are frolick-a-ble, the summertime, qoola, french, leggings, tea, metal water bottles, school supply shopping, salmon cream cheese, and some days more than others - stepping out of my comfort zone."It's been more than a month since I posted anything here. There is so much to do, plus my mood has been off. But I am finding myself really missing the journaling aspect of blogging, especially therapeutic journaling. Blogger, heal thyself!I have a week's (unpaid) vacation from my job, and today I am cleaning house as I work on my to-do list. Sewing, decorating, and gardening are how I would most like to spend this time. More moving-in and organizing have to be on the plan as well. Some priorities are (bleh!) taxes and fencing (*sigh*) to keep the boy dogs from fighting. Dunno why, but I DID NOT EXPECT THIS!! Harley is not the simple laid-back, big squishy teddy bear he appears to be, and has now decided to make his move for dominance. Or is it his intention to completely eliminate the competition? I can't tell. As he grew much larger than Frankie, he began to show a little more aggression in regard to being close to his people and being first for treats. Less than a week after his neutering, we had an incident over a collar and leash they both wanted (to them, these evidently mean being singled out for special treatment) and ended up with a badly wounded Frankie, and also a wounded Mama (me). Poking your finger into a fighting St. Bernard's mouth is not the best idea for breaking his hold. Four days later my fingers on the other hand were also injured and Frankie's wounds were opened, and I learned that this was not something we were going to be able to put behind us for a long time, if ever.One of the happiest parts of my daily life has been sharing it with my three dogs, so you can imagine how bummed I am feeling. At all times, one of them must be either outside, in the laundry room, or in the crate. Coordinating their quality time inside and out is very unsatisfying for all and very time-consuming for me. We did find a really good article on this type of aggression, which has given us some hope, and our next plan is to install a good gate in the middle of the house and to create a separation of yards outside. Otherwise, we will have to find Harley a new home where he can be the only dog, without competition for affection and attention.Damn.""Finally! I got a full day's work done. Almost 4k, and if my hand hadn't started hurting I would have gotten even more done.There's nothing I hate more than wanting to go go go and my body won't let me. Grr. But I'm finally past the three-quarter mark on Hecate's Own and I'm about to write the big showdown, save-the-day scene, after which there will be food, sex, and more food, knowing Zach. Once that's done, it's time for the Meat Grinder and the Beta Readers while I switch gears and begin serious work on Norwegian Wood.I keep thinking I'm missing something, though. Something important. Hopefully it will come out in the Meat Grinder and I'll slap myself silly, fix it and move on. If not, my Betas will find it, slap me silly, and I'll fix it and move on.I haven't gotten the artwork yet on Mating Games, and I'm still waiting for word on Noble Blood, but I knew I would be. Laurie was swamped with Red Hot Fairy Tale submissions, so for everyone who's waiting to hear the fate of Duncan, Jaden and Moira hopefully I'll have word no later than the end of April.Oh! And if you've emailed me and I haven't responded, please email me again! I've been so caught up I may have missed it. Our oldest graduates grade school this year, we're planning a trip to Disney and I've got RT coming up, so when I'm able to sit at the computer I've been concentrating a lot on that stuff since writing wasn't much of an option the last few weeks.I know. Bad author. No cookie for me.P.S. Samhain Publishing is hosting the second annual Sammie Awards at the Samhain Cafe this Sunday! I'll be there if I have to sit Dusty down and make HIM type for me! Hope to see you there!""Oh friends, it's finally here! I thought the month between Christmas break and midwinter break wouldn't be too slow and awful. I told myself I wouldn't take any days off, and I succeeded in that. There was a pretty rough stretch for a bit, though, with that bunch of teachers leaving.Loud Leo left our class a few weeks ago. A new boy came to the class, but has apparently left again. Buster, whom I have not yet mentioned, has remained a serious detriment to the class's focus and my patience (or lack thereof). Buster refuses to control himself most of the time. It's 'just' his mouth, but that means that when the rest of the class is quiet, he makes noise and distracts them and then never shuts up. And then other boys follow his lead and make more noise. GAH. He's really started to haunt me.We had a party on Friday, that I'm not totally certain they deserved, but lord knows it had to be better than trying to force them to learn on the Friday afternoon before a week off. Our last lesson of the day was writing Valentine acrostics. About half of kids basically did nothing, but the rest did a poem, and a few of them turned out pretty well actually.Anyway....we're here! Vacation! A whole week off! My favorite part is always the not waking up before dawn. Also the not being at school for so many hours. I didn't bring anything home with me, but I will go in for a few hours next week to work on unit planning. I've been behind for so long but too exhausted to do anything about it. I hope to remedy that, at least a little for now.Also, happy Valentine's Day today! The boy and I had a wonderful day together, out and about."