" Long time no see. Like always I was rewriting it from scratch a couple of times. But nevertheless it's still java and now it uses metropolis sampling to help that poor path tracing converge.

Btw. I did MLT on yesterday evening after 2 beers (it had to be Ballmer peak).

Altough the implementation is still very fresh it easily outperforms standard path tracing, what is to be seen especially when difficult caustics are involved.

I've implemented spectral rendering too, it was very easy actually, cause all computations on wavelengths are linear just like rgb. But then I realised that even if it does feel more physically correct to do so, whats the point? 3d applications are operating in rgb color space, and because I cant represent a rgb color as spectrum interchangeably I have to approximate it, so as long as I'm not running a physical simulation or something I don't see the benefits (please correct me if I'm wrong), thus I abandoned that."
" Guest Demo: Eric Iverson’s Itty Bitty Search
February 16th, 2010 by Daniel Tunkelang
Respond

I’m back from vacation, and still digging my way out of everything that’s piled up while I’ve been offline.

While I catch up, I thought I’d share with you a demo that Eric Iverson was gracious enough to share with me. It uses Yahoo! BOSS to support an exploratory search experience on top of a general web search engine.

When you perform a query, the application retrieves a set of related term candidates using Yahoo’s key terms API. It then scores each term by dividing its occurrence count within the result set by its global occurrence count–a relevance measure similar to one my former colleagues and I used at Endeca in enterprise contexts.

You can try out the demo yourself at http://www.ittybittysearch.com/. While it has rough edges, it produces nice results–especially considering the simplicity of the approach.

Here’s an example of how I used the application to explore and learn something new. I started with [""information retrieval""]. I noticed “interactive information retrieval” as a top term, so I used it to refine. Most of the refinement suggestions looked familiar to me–but an unfamiliar name caught my attention: “Anton Leuski”. Following my curiosity, I refined again. Looking at the results, I immediately saw that Leuski had done work on evaluating document clustering for interactive information retrieval. Further exploration made it clear this is someone whose work I should get to know–check out his home page!

I can’t promise that you’ll have as productive an experience as I did, but I encourage you to try Eric’s demo. It’s simple examples like these that remind me of the value of pursuing HCIR for the open web.

Speaking of which, HCIR 2010 is in the works. We’ll flesh out the details over the next weeks, and of course I’ll share them here."
"Who moved my Cheese???   The world has been developing in and out in all the areas and to create a difference in this competitive world... we need to change...
change the way we take our things...
but we rather change or atleast try to change..... we try the same routine work evryday and expect to get more
and when things fail such as losing a job, loss in business we would upset, discouraged, frustrated and keep on hanging to the same thing again and start complaining.
CHANGE IS GOOD.... LETS WELCOME IT..!!!
wondering wat is all about Cheese?? and what actually is all about "" Who Moved My Cheese??? ""


Well...!!!! Who moved my cheese?? is a simple parable that reveals profound thoughts. It is an enlightening story of four characters who live in a maze and look for cheese to nourish them and make them happy. The story is about two mice called ""SNIFF"" and ""SCURRY"" and two little men ... smaller in size and who were similar to us people. Their names were ""HEM"" and ""HAW""

Cheese is a metaphor for what you want to have in life - whether it is a good job, loving relationship, money or a possession, health or spiritual peace of mind.

And the maze is where you look for what you want - the organisation you work in, or the family or community you live in.

Everyday both the mice and men spent time in the maze looking for their own special cheese. The mice had only Rodent brains while the men used their brains, filled with many beliefs. The common thing between the rodents and these men is tat every morning they went in search for the cheese.

The maze had confusing network of paths corridors and some of the chambers had delicious cheese. But there were also dark corners and blind alleys leading nowhere. It was an easy place to get lost. Those who found the way to secret chambers had to enjoy a better life.

After much of searching they found a chamber C which had an enormous amount of richest quality of Cheese.Rodents used the trial and error method by racing through the corridors. While the men used their brains and beliefs and experience.

HAVING CHEESE MADE THEM HAPPY.
Both these men and rodents enjoyed the cheese everyday almost many many days and finally one day was such tat the cheese had to run out and there isnt left anymore.
Rodents observed the minute details of cheese getting decreased day by day and they were ready for the situation and were ready for the hunt of new Cheese.
On the otherhand these men based on their beliefs wondered ""Who moved their Cheese?"". Both HEM and HAW kept waiting for the cheese at the old place. Fearing that they might get lost in the maze they didnt start to find their way to new cheese and started starving and waiting in the old place. Both of them kept Hemming and Hawing for their old Cheese. But couldnt find any and increased frustration in them. It also created FEAR in them about what might happend if they get lost in finding new cheese..!!!
They started evaluating the situation at Chamber C and waited there everyday and returned homes hungry.
THEY WERE AFRAID OF CHANGE.

Meanwhile,Rodents found out their new way and found a chamber N having more cheese than the older one.

Everytime HAW wanted to go in search for the new Cheese. HEM would stop him. But one day in utter despair to find the new Cheese HAW started for his search leaving behind his friend HEM in the old chamber. He wrote on a wall so tat his friend had something to think about...
IF YOU DONOT CHANGE, YOU CAN BECOME EXTINCT.
and HAW in order to overcome his fear of getting lost in the maze ... he reminded himself as..
WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOU WEREN'T AFRAID?
he continued his search and found a dark alley where he could smell some nice cheese
he was afraid of what might be on the other end... and started walking towards it.
AND when he moved he felt free and rather more young than he is.

WHEN YOU MOVE BEYOND YOUR FEAR, YOU FEEL FREE.!!!
but he didnt find any cheese it had some little pieces left over near the chamber, someone had already visited the chamber and completed it. He gulped some cheese leftover and kept some for his friend in his pocket and wondered if HEM was still in chamber C

All the while throughtout his search he kept on noticing the changes in him.. and everytime he is feeling happy and on the way back to his friend HEM , HAW had been thinking of himself as..
why he hadnt moved out before to find the new cheese...??
THE QUICKER YOU LET GO , OF OLD CHEESE THE SOONER YOU FIND NEW CHEESE.
IT IS SAFER TO SEARCH IN THE MAZE THAN REMAIN IN A CHEESELESS SITUATION.
OLD BELIEFS DONOT LEAD YOU TO NEW CHEESE.
HAW came back to his friend HEW and told his experience expecting him to turn out for searching. but HEW didnt.
so he left him there and returned for his new treasure. before coming he told him about the way he felt and shared the cheese wid him.
HAW started his journey back to the maze.

WHEN YOU SEE THAT YOU CAN FIND AND ENJOY NEW CHEESE, YOU CHANGE COURSE.
NOTICING SMALL CHANGES EARLY HELPS YOU ADAPT TO BIGGER CHANGES THAT ARE TO COME.
finally haw saw a bigger chamber wid all the variety of cheese wid enormous quantity and was happy to find the rodents der enjoying the cheese. but this time haw was ready for the change observing the minute changes so tat he could act fast.

As days passed one fine day he heard the footsteps and guessed it was HEW and was happy finally he started searching for the new cheese..!!!

(HAW could have gone to HEW and say about the new cheese at the chamber N. but he didnt since one cannot infuse the seeds to overcome the fear and accept the change . it should be from inself)

so evryone out der.... let us
ANTICIPATE CHANGE
ADAPT TO CHANGE QUICKLY
ENJOY THE CHANGE
BE READY TO CHANGE QUICKLY,AGAIN AND AGAIN

So who you are ??? SCURRY SNIFFY HEM OR HAW ??
Accepting changes like Scurry and Sniffy
or else learning about the advantages of accepting changes
or else hanging with the question... "" who moved my cheese??""

ALL THE BEST.... :)"
" Yesterday I attended a biweekly meeting of an informal a UC Berkeley group devoted to Python in science (Py4Science), organized by Fernando Perez. The format (in honor of my visit) was a series of 4-minute lightning talks about various projects using Python in the scientific world (at Berkeley and elsewhere) followed by an hourlong Q&A session. This meant I didn't have to do a presentation and still got to interact with the audience for an hour -- my ideal format.

I was blown away by the wide variety of Python use for scientific work. It looks like Python (with extensions like numpy) is becoming a standard tool for many sciences that need to process large amounts of data, from neuroimaging to astronomy.

Here is a list of the topics presented (though not in the order presented). All these describing Python software; I've added names and affiliations insofar I managed to get them. (Thanks to Jarrod Millman for providing me with a complete list.) Most projects are easily found by Googling for them, so I have not included hyperlinks except in some cases where the slides emphasized them. (See also the blog comments.)"
In the EU we have browser choice, but few know about it  The EU has been tougher on monopolies than the American antitrust authorities. This has been good for Europe and bad for America. In Europe we have an amazing choice of fixed line internet providers for example. In the USA, there is generally one DSL provider and one Cable provider per territory. As a result, we have more bandwidth for less money. This is surprising because, in general, there is more choice at a better price for a lot of goods and services in the USA, including cars, banking and financial services, gadgets, etc. But the problem with the USA is that sometimes lobbying is more influential than the common good. In Europe, our career public servants seem to be less immune to lobbying (although not always, and banking, for example, seems to be an exception and most countries protect their local banks).  But recently, the EU has given us more choice in Europe. This time is the freedom to choose our browser. But as this survey shows most Europeans, around three quarters of them, are not aware of this choice. It turns out that Spain is the country with the lowest browser choice awareness in Europe.
"happy teachers day..!! who is celebrating..??


I had already heard dis when i was still too young,
"" good friends and good teachers are rare fortunes""

....teaching is of course the most noble profession.. and future of any nation lies in hands of it's teachers..!!

today.. morning of 5th sept.. i m angry..!! don't know exactly why.. dere may be several reasons, like..
.........in few hours i have to give my second monthly test,
..........m totally stuck at 10th level of segreta!!
............i have not slept the whole night,
...............today is 5th sept..!!
happy teachers day.. !! am sorry to all my dear teachers who have taught me.. but i m not being able to show any excitement about this..

may be because i am angry.. or may be i am angry because of that only..!!!
still.. before i say anything else..
thank you all my so good and so great teachers.. for what i am today is only a reflection of your thoughts, labour and love.. i miss u all..!!

....now, i dont want to spoil my mood early morning by thinking about issues regarding this.. but i really feel very disappointed with the education system.. n teachers in our country..!!
n i really dont need to say anything.. we already know.. how pathetic
situations are..
i just want to draw our attention once again towards the ""architects of our county's future.. "" and call for a thought and contribution on your part.. coz if not we.. then no one!!
""seems.. today we want to do noble work only if we are not left with anything else.. ""

aah.. thinking about this really irritates me..!! cudn't stop to express dat..!! dere4 dis post..!!

p.s. segreta : iitb's treasure hunt"
"Rush of imagination !  Raman Varman tried to cross a check-post that he crossed daily while going to his office. But he was stopped by a security personnel who said, “Sir, Indians are not supposed to enter through this way. You may take the next turn instead.”
“What do you mean Indians can’t enter. This is India. And it’s a silly check-post and not an international border !”
“You are wrong sir. Do you see that statue there ?”, he said pointing to a far white statue that was crowned and had a torch in its right raised hand.
“You are trying to enter America sir. And you know that the law...”
“Whhhhaaattt...oooo...wow...aaahhaaa...” Raman’s involuntary expressions rose from wonderment to more wonderment before the security-man knocked at the window glass of his car, “You are obstructing the traffic sir!”

Raman woke up in the midnight. He smiled, switched on the light, took his note book and drew a rough sketch of what he saw in the dream, closed the note book, switched off the light, smiled again, and slept.

Raman was a medical representative (MR) and had quit 3 firms earlier all on the same unique ground that MRs should be respected by the company coz they are most crucial in making a deal with docs n hospitals. Al Toro Pharma was his current place of work.

He saw weird things in his dreams and painted the same ASAP before the prints of the imagination became too dull to be transferred to the canvas. One day he dreamt the Qatub Minar just adjacent to Taj Mahal. He was happy to bring entirely 2 rules separated by 300 years too close. He had dreamt the water of Ganga going up the hills. He had rented a hall every inch of which was full of deep non-sense that had originated in his mind in the past. The paintings sell for handsome amount, and Raman soon became a known image in the locality, and quite unlike the SENSEX, the radius of his popularity was on an increase.

He was uni-directionally paranoid the direction being that of his wife from where apart from the routine curses one day came a rotating a screwdriver that just missed Raman’s eyes! Yet he loved her very much coz except few hours in the day she too loved him.
His position in Al Toro became odd when he bought a Volkswagen- a machine that only earned envy for Raman. They say that you can’t but fall prey to the arrows of envy. And Raman was no exception. He decided to quit Al Toro, and establish himself as a full-time painter – a decision not in conformity with his wife’s opinion.

Being a full time painter of weirdness he would force himself to imagine insanities. He begins to avert truth and the general perception of the things. He would rotate his head and try to see the inverted objects only to confuse his mind as to what the reality is. He would try to imagine ordinary objects (like his Parker pen) as an exotic piece of excellence. He would find flaws in everything he saw, and wish if they could be as per his imagination. Surprises, he began to believe, is the most important thing that can keep you away from this general monotony of life. “Surprises”, he said, “is more powerful than happiness ... it keeps you alive !”. His public behaviour has come (declined) a long way - from humour to unwanted humour to objectionable humour to darkness and pity - a behaviour that created a mix of irritation and sympathy in those who confronted him.

One day he dreamt God speaking to him. He painted it being careless about the result. “Is God weird ?”, was a question to be answered. “What Mr Raman want to say through his popular non-sense is that God is weird !”. What Raman painted was a never-before imagination. This made many sectarians ask, “Is this a Hindu God or Allah or Jesus or Buddha or... ”. The point was if it was Allah then it was the sole responsibility of that community to object, and likewise for others.
The defence from Raman was, “God is not weird! It’s his talking to me that is weird. As in many of my paintings, it’s not the absolute objects that are weird, rather it’s their actions are weird...”
But the property of the mob is – it doesn’t listen to arguments if it has once made its mind (if at all that exists anywhere)! The carnival of absurdities (his Hall) was reduced to carnival of ashes (by fundamentalists) as the last amber grew cold. The outcome – it was proved that God is not weird! He protects himself through these agents who would commit all sins, but not hear anything against something in front of which they rotate incense stick in the morning.

Raman did not go out for many days. He kept imagining and drawing on his note-book and oscillating brushes on the canvasses. His deliberate jumping into imagination became his habit, and soon his very character. It became hard for him to distinguish between a real event and a non-real. He would meet many distant people without going out at all! This was different from schizophrenia where you have a finite number of illusions playing around you. It appeared some strange case of hyper-reality, where the brain could deliberately detach itself from even the most known things.

Today he decided to go out of his house and meet his friends at Al Toro and see the Raman Hall. Luckily he found the door of his house open for the first time since many days. He rushed out. Many men asked him to stop. They chased him. But he managed to escape. “God ! The world is getting madder day by day !”, he thought.

He changed his plan, and went to see his hall first. He asked a man nearby, “Sir, there used to be a Raman Hall here. Where is that?”. “Raman Hall? There was no such tower here. This had been a community centre since I saw it for the first time in 1981.” He had misunderstood the building he thought. He came out and inquired about the Hall, but all in vain. It getting dark, he returned to his house.

He entered his house, and surprisingly found that a thick layer of dust had taken the responsibility of protecting everything. He took something from the floor, and removed the dust from some parts. Newspaper. And it showed an edifice. Wait. “I have seen this place...Oh this is where I came out from in the morning. This is my house! ” . He removed dust further and saw himself going into the edifice with some policemen. He could not make out. He cleared all dust. The news read “Raman gets relief. Acquitted on ground of strange disorder. Taken to Protege Asylum.” The body of the news was hardly legible. He was tired. He cleaned a part of the sofa and lay there before he found a dust laden portrait, the garland of which were cocooned by spider webs, on the wall. He cleaned the portrait. It was of Lalitha’s, his wife’s.
====================================================================
oh ! no ! kya bakwas hai ye yaar ! :( ... will write better nxt time. (mayank)"
"Emotionally Spastic??  Vivek was walking to go to office when he saw a spastic person walking to catch bus for his work. Everyday he had been going same road to his job. On his way there was a small uneven area and that spastic person would fumble and Vivek if there would help him through the patch. That used to happen quite often, you know it was the same spot but the spastic person would fumble anyway, Vivek used to offer help but that person used to refuse.   Maya's husband is little hot-headed. He get angry over small things and there is a fight… Fighting over small issues is common for Maya now and she is quite frustrated about her
husband's behavior..
 
what's the difference, we all have our weaknesses, some physical some emotional…
 
In fact people feel so much pity or bad about handicap people that they are more than willing to help but I don't know why same people are screaming about person who are emotionally handicap.  Maya's husband has a genetic tendency and I don't know how much we can really change our basic nature.  
 
Is there a co-relation between these 2 stories ? Emotional weakness and physical one  are they on the same level ?

Maya can't change her husband's nature but can she give him a helping hand?
 
 
There is one famous guy, who said ""Accept people as they are"". I kind of liked it…. I would stop complaining why he is failing whether in a physical or mental quality, you will feel like helping and that will solve lot of problems    
 
That spastic person or angry husband,  both are not ABLE to change but can we make other choice .. one that makes us happier …."
"Kunti's Ghanti
Before I start writing on this I would just like to tell everyone that am not making fun or abusing history its just seeing today's IT/Corporate world this idea struck to me.
Whatever I write in this blog its all imaginary :)

We all know how Karan was born?? OMG!! not Kyunki's but Mahabharata's Karan.Ill just give a brief recap courtesy: ""Wikipedia""

Karna was born to his mother Kunti by his father the solar deity Surya. Karna was born, before his mother's marriage to prince Pandu. When Kunti was young, the sage Durvasa visited her father's palace. She served the sage with utmost care for an entire year. Pleased by her service and hospitality, the sage foresaw her future difficulty after marriage of not having a child through Pandu, and hence granted her a boon to overcome this difficulty. By this boon she could call upon any god of her choice, and beget a child. Out of curiosity, Kunti still being unmarried, decided to test the power of the boon. She invoked the mantra and called Surya. Bounded by the power of the mantra, Surya appeared before her and granted her a son, who was as radiant and robust as Surya himself. This baby was born with an armour ('Kavacha') and a pair of earrings ('Kundala') attached to him. Though Kunti retained her virginity, she was unwilling to face the world as an unwed mother. She placed the baby Karna in a basket and set him afloat on the holy river Ganga in the hope that he would be taken in by another family.


Now lets move to my View

Imagine people working in IT industry getting such boon or power.Oh life would become so easy or i should say mantr(a)i :) i.e if IT people have mantra called Kunti's Ghanti then it would be so cool...

Guy working in IT industry is so happy to say my office timings are 8 to 5 so I get evenings.Is it true??Yes very much for few months atleast.Then he has to be isolated ""Main aur mera Manager types"".His friends start shouting at him on not coming to any trips,function,get together etc.
His gf/wife is like tell me if you are going to come for dinner then only ill think of making something; but think of it is it possible to inform at 6:30 in the evening that ill be home by 8:00??? No its not.Server might crash at 7:45 usually when cab is ready to pick you or at 7:40 your manager might ping you ""Hey did u get time to look into this""??? If this continues how would people have family life?? Forget about life family atleast ?? :P
The other day I saw a kid in my society may be 5-6 year old kid his grandpa like came and took him for a ride I was surprised seeing grandpa taking a kid on a drive n all usually we see kid holding grandpa's hand and going to nana-nani park or a walk,but then I came to know that he was his dad and not grandpa.Result of starting late family or loss of (grey) hair due to work n tension.

Let's see the following story

A 30 year guy get married and tells his wife see we will plan our honeymoon a month later so that I can impress my boss saying seeing the work I have postponed my honeymoon and will get 1 month leave.What a plan??? Cool !
After 3 days of marriage he goes to office and mails his manager for leave for a month.Week passes no reply,then he sends a meeting request to the manager for the same.Before manager could accept the meeting request manager calls this guy for some discussion.He tells seeing your dedication we are offering you onsite opportunity to london for 3 months initially I understand you have just got married but this also leads to your promotion so thought of having a word with you.Poor guy with a smile on his face and tears too goes back to his desk.
Then he goes home and tells this to his wife;wife under impression that she would also go to london becomes happy (which is not really going to happen).Husband with all guts tells his wife see we can plan our honeymoon soemtime later as this is a good opportunity and I am thinking of taking it .
Next day wife comes up with this Kunti's Ghanti and tells I have got this Kunti's Ghanti mantra which would help me till the time you are back :) It works the same way it worked for Kunti but this is more advanced with protection :)If i skip the protection part of that mantra there are high chances that I get pregnant; but am thinking of why not take Hrithik Roshan or Brad Pitt's name in this Mantra instead of you.
Listening to this husband faints!

Story 3:

Once a husband returns home after 3 days of work and hugs his wife and say's I think we should start a family.Wife say's oh u had time to discuss this I already applied Kunti's Ghanti a month back thinking you might not have time to even discuss this..dont worry have taken your name and waiting for the result :)

Saw how Kunti's Ghanti useful for early family planning?? :P"
"Gay rights pros and cons   we all have been listening about gay rights these days. Recently Delhi high court also agreed to make homosexual relationship as a legal act. Prior to this historic and a bit controversial decision homosexual activities were considered as criminal under section 377. But now a man can marry a man and a woman can marry a woman.
Some people consider it right saying that we should not discriminate people based on their sexual habits. If some one is homosexual that is his or her choice and we should respect it. If we give their relationship a recognition in society then it will decrease the chances of unsafe sex. That will help in reducing the cases of HIV positive. Adding to that homosexual culture has gained a lot of popularity and it is not possible to keep suppressing them.
At the same time some people consider it is wrong. They say it is not our culture. It belongs to western countries and it suits them only. Some feel that it violates their religion and they are ready to do anything to stop it from spreading. Some politicians also have jumped into that thinking it may be another hot issue for vote bank. But still i feel that though many people in our country have their opinion about this issue not too many really bother about it. Specially those who are straight. So I just hope it wouldn't entertain politicians much.As far as religious feelings are concerned i will say that all the rules of all the religions were made by human beings only.So we can change them according to the need of hour.
Now we have seen some people favour homosexuality while some oppose it. I kind a have mix opinion about it. Well if someone is not straight then I don't think he or she should be left out of the society it will only make things worse and yes at the end of the day its their life and they have right to decide which way they gonna live it. Straight or Gay (lesbian). I guess most of the youngster like me will be thinking the same way and they really don't mind homosexuality being legal.
But but but.............
There is something that can be really bothering. I guess first time I heard about this gay thing from some of my friend i was in 10th or 11th standard and my first reaction was how can it be possible. How can a boy love a boy or how can a girl fall with another girl. I thought he was kidding. Only after some time i figured out he was right. Well for most of us we heard about the homosexuality things a bit too late and by that time it was very difficult to think about loving same sex person. Because most of us never thought that other way round also could have been possible and by the time we came to know we were already fond of other sex. But the way it has gone and grown in India in last few years it is getting a bit dangerous. Still thinking why? well because next generation will be knowing these things from their childhood. We will find the cases of homosexuality increasing and its legalisation will make it even worse. Most of the people who are standing today for gay rights will not find it the same if their kids follow the unconventional sex(homosexuality) habits. Most of the celebrities and young people stood in favour of gays. But they will definitely not support some one of their family following the Idea.Well currently we see in some of the colleges management is very strict with boys and girls hanging around together.But what they gonna do about this whole gay(lesbian) thing?? forget about hanging around they will be in same hostel and may be sharing room as well.I guess parents too will be having nightmares.Stop the kid(boy) from going out with girls or boys. So we have tough time ahead with this gay stuff.Hope it goes fine..............."
"Is uncle ""SAM""behind ""TERRORISM""????  -  It is my debut in blogs and i was thinking to do it long time ago but cannot.Now I have started it ,then I thought on what thing should I start. To tell u when I was thinking about this,in front of me the times of india home page was open and some clip of respected Manmohan Singhji and Mr. Ahmad Raja Gilani was open in which they were talking to each other in NAM summit.straightaway I thought that I will write on most important and dreadful and horrifying problem we are facing (I guess more than Global Warming) and that is TERRORISM.

It has been blamed that Pakistan or other countries in central Asia have initiated Terrorism but is that true ???I do not think so...These countries are all the scapegoats..then who is the master???yes absolutely correct ..it is uncle SAM.I am just not not crapping here ,I am telling u the truth.Pakistani author Ahmad Rashid in his book states that in 1986 when Soviet Union was in war with western countries especially U.S. then the inititation of organised militancy was done.

In this book it has been stated that in 1986 U.S.'s Central Intelligence Agency(CIA), Britain's M16 and Pakistan's InterServices Agency(ISI) planned to launch mujahideen attacks in Soviet Union and most of the funding was sponsored by uncle SAM.Now the question is that why are they afraid of aftermaths of the things they have done ???you have to be brave enough to face the things you have done .Now the twin tower attacks triggered their adrenaline and they started attacking here and there creating more terrorists then stopping them.There had been excessive killing in these in 8 years andits not acceptable and its just not only about stopping terrorism.its also about playing the oil game and winning it too.really hats off to uncle SAM and I am also still suspicious that was twin tower attack really act of Terrorism or it was game played by the clever mind of uncle SAM.You never know because when they create moon on earth then it can also be done.

These things have to be thought about and or the solutions have to be sorted out otherwise towers were in their own country then it can happen to any other.I am not blaming only one country but we should be ready for stopping it...."
"the pune visit It has been really killing me. 6 months long semester is like marathon race and if you were taking mid sem exams on Saturdays and were kept on your toes on Sundays as well then you can understand what I went through. It wouldn’t be wrong if you say I was workaholic in last 7 months. So I decided to take 8 to 10 days break. And I decided to go for pune as I have always liked this place. So let’s see what happened there.
I got ticket for a direct train from trichy to pune and I decided to board in that train in spite of the fact that I would reach there sharp 2 a.m. because that was the only train that has seats available. When it reached some place called Sholapur in Karnataka or Maharashtra people started closing and bolting the doors and windows. I asked what the matter was. Someone told me that some people may come to rob the train with swords and guns. He also told that last time he traveled through this train and robbers came and robbed the train. (What the hell. That is why I got the tickets for this train. There were 4 or 5 constables also in the train with guns to protect us). But I think it was my luck so nothing happened. I spent most of my journey reading my novel or watching out of the window. (No hot chicks to check out :().
I was praying my train to be late as I was going to my sister’s home in pune and she and my jiju were to come after 12 in the noon. But they left keys for me with their neighbors. But I couldn’t have gone someone’s home at 3 a.m. in the morning to ask for the key. My train reached on time. So I thought I should rather wait on station. There is one nice restaurant on station (I don’t remember the name as usual). It is 24*7 restaurant and its kind a place where you would love to go and have something. I have never seen such restaurant on any other station. I went there to have something and pass my time. Suddenly when I was on counter I got a call from my friend. He is studying in Lonavala. Dude 2 a.m. in the morning and he is calling he must be here somewhere I thought. I picked and he was seating behind me. We had a long chat, some food and coffee. I was meeting him after 3.5 years. I guess the World is really small. He had his train at 4:30. So we chatted for 2.5 hrs. I left at 6 a.m. and reached home around 7 after struggling with auto walas.
One day I spent sleeping and rest 3 were spend in seeing the beauty of pune. Now you must be wondering what is so beautiful in pune. Yup there are no tourist spots like in some other places. But city is full of youths and things that attract youths :). I played a lot with piyush (my nephew). Last time I saw him he was not even 1 year old. This summer he will turn 3. Kids and food are hard to resist. My taste buds were happy after long time. So I played a lot with him and also ate a lot. We sindhi are known for our passion for food and clothes. I haven’t seen anyone else spending as much money on food and clothes as we do. And our food can’t be finished without dessert. So I was loaded with a lot of stuff. I also went to my cousin. He is currently working in CRL (part of tata group)in pune. That is a lab where World’s 4th and Asia’s no. 1 supercomputer is kept. He told me a lot about his work and supercomputer. Though I couldn’t go to his lab as visitors were allowed on Saturdays only and I was heading for kalyan(1 hr form Bombay) before that. We went for movie (avatar) one evening. We thought as it is a week day we will get tickets. But we couldn’t get for evening as well as night show. We went for next day morning show (8:30 a.m.). Well pune girls were quite fashionable and I didn’t miss any opportunity to check them out. 2 years back when I went to pune their shorts used to be below knees but in these 2 years they have come above knees. I don’t know where they will be in next few years (lol :D :) ). Pune was chilly in morning and nights. But still when we went for the morning 8:30 show girls came wearing shorts and sleeveless. I realized that its quite tough to be a girl in a city like pune :D. These girls were no less than fire in a chilly morning. Anyways we went for the movie. I read a review of the movie somewhere before watching it and it said “you have never seen anything like this before” and yup these words were quite true. I saw it in 3D and found it to be really awesome.
After spending 4 or 5 days I left for kalyan and spent couple of days there. I booked the window seat in the train so i could enjoy the beauty of Lonavala and Khandala. Both the places are beautiful but if you want to see its true colors you should go in rainy season. I also had plan for Bombay but couldn’t go. In kalyan again most of my time went in talking to my cousin and wandering in shops and streets. I and my cousin discussed a lot about our college lives and all the funny stuff. Couple of years ago we two were youngest in our family until some offspring came and snatched our title :(. Anyways we are still the rock star of our family I guess :). So we had good time.
All good things come to an end. So was this trip. :(. But I had good time there and put on some wait too. :(. I hope mess food will bring me back to normal size."
" Haven't posted here for months. All sorts of reasons and, simultaneously, no reason at all. It happens or it doesn't. Many's the time I've started writing a post and it's never come to fruition. That's just the way it goes.

There've been all sorts of lovely and important cultural events since I last posted. Maybe I'll get round to talking about them, maybe I won't.

I'm not long back, this evening, from a standard (I'm thinking of it as equivalent to Classic Coke) Duckie in terms of both Readers Wifes being present and correct. Amazing music, played in just the right order, some of it having gradually accreted danceable fabulousness over time (MGMT's Kids) and a good dollop of old favourite loveliness.

Amy commented on there being a ""Back To School"" vibe and, although my own work is constant through spring, summer, autumn and winter, I can see where she's coming from. "
"Buddha, one day, was on deep thought about the worldly activities and theways of instilling goodness in human.The following is the text of conversation between him and his disciple  One of his disciples approached him and said humbly "" Oh my teacher ! While you are so much concerned about the world and others, why don't you look into the welfare and needs of your own disciples also.""
Buddha : ""OK.. Tell me how I can help you?""
Disciple : ""Master! My attire is worn out and is beyond the decency to wearthe same. Can I get a new one, please.""
Buddha found the robe indeed was in a bad condition which needed replacement. He asked the store keeper to give the disciple a new robe towear on. The disciple thanked Buddha and retired to his room.
Though he met his disciple's requirement, Buddha was not all that contended on hisdecision. He realized he missed out some point. A while after, he realized what he should have asked the disciple.

He went to his disciple's place and asked him ""Is your new attirecomfortable? Do you need anything more ?""
Disciple : ""Thank you my Master. The attire is indeed very comfortable. I need nothing more""
Buddha : ""Having got the new one, what did you do with your old attire?""
Disciple : ""I am using it as my bed spread""
Buddha ""Then.. hope you have disposed off your old bed spread""
Disciple "" No.. no.. master. I am using my old bedspread as my window curtain""
Buddha "" What about your old Curtain?""
Disciple ""Being used to handle hot utensils in the kitchen""
Buddha : ""Oh.. I see.. Can you tell me what did they do with the old cloth they used in Kitchen""
Disciple : ""They are being used to wash the floor.""
Buddha ""Then, what about the old rug being used to wash the floor...???""
Disciple ""Master, since they were torn off so much, we could not find any better use, but to use as a twig in the oil lamp, which is right now lit inyour study room....""

BUDDHA SMILED IN CONTENTMENT AND LEFT FOR HIS ROOM.

We all are blessed to have a living example in our life in physical form.

Jaigurudev !!!"
" Seems my sRGB conversion was causing that fireflies from previous images.

Btw. I was wondering why the farthest I've ever get in ray tracing (excluding fixed path MLT in C++) was when I was using OCaml. Say what You want, but that functional language thing fitted ray tracing very well. Also, but that's maybe caused by my nature - now when I have dozens of ways to implement something I start to wonder what way to choose, what would lead to better design. Too many options confuse me, and slow me down big time."
"Big things around me! FB... it has more online users than google!
read again.. -GOOGLE- !!

Islam.. 235% growth rate ..and they it says 99% of hell is occupied by women.
People love all what they say?

Job switches and Job offers.. both requires experience.. deadlock?
Growth should have a separate path?

Friends.. defined most precious.. shouldn't every1 be satisfied.
precious is ..what? satisfaction is ..what?

SRK-vs-Aamir.. biggest topic for bollywood, and wht about nasrunddin shah, om Puri, Pankaj kapoor etc?
Being scholar doesn't pay you?

Smoke.. menz passion!.. and they switch brands to 'choti goldflake', when they find their brand costly. 
Addiction is reality?

Tigers.. Aircel Tress.. Idea what a promotion sirjees.
anything in return they want to save tigers and trees? 

Deepika padukone.. More famous than her father and shez in 'Phir Mile Sur' and spends more time (almost naked) than many great Indians like aa ..amm.... oops
Idol for youngsters?

Karan Johar.. stupid director.. still he is getting hit world wide accross languages.
Good director?

Chrome OS.. access your desktop from internet.. great feature provided good netSpeed!
do we read the disclaimer/terms&Conditions?
PS: anything saved at gmail is a copyright to google.
and, Google desktop will provide 'save all your documents/songs/movies etc. on server'"
In both of the shows, the main character is portrayed as an ordinary person who is so much passionate about playing football.They at the beginning do not have that much skill in playing football but the unending passion which they have in their hearts make them play with so much talent that people think it its an inborn talent in them. I too am a normal person. Well, a little big for my age, not having that much stamina or any sorta skill in football. So its no great thing that I was but a defender when we played for fun at school. Seeing those 2 shows, for some reason, made me grow really passionate about that gr8 game. It made me think that I too want to be a player, have fun on the field, hit goals and what not! How I want to play in the International Field with the players like Ballack,Ronaldo,Ronaldinho,Robben and so many others.Well If not with them at least against them :) How I wish I could score against great goalies like lehmann and Buffon.
"EU Commissioner alive on video  Do you, like me, sometimes feel that the EU is a faceless colossus with innumerable bureaucrats that you have no idea what they are up to?  Well, some commissioners have now understood the power of online video. Just check out this weekly video from the EU Commissioner Viviane Reding.  “I want all Europeans to be able to switch their phone operator â€“ whether mobile or fixed â€“ within one single day” A worthy cause indeed!

Here you see a very human EU Commissioner and you feel her enthusiasm and drive for the issue she is presenting. The video is simple, but professionally done, she is reading well from a teleprompter.

What a difference compared to just reading her press release!
Why are not more leaders using online video like this?

So I think this way of communication is exemplary, but there are someÂ  things that can be improved:

The video player should have an indication on how long the video is. This is essential, I want to know if I have the time or not available.
The video player should have an embed-button, so that it is easy to embed the video in blogs and other web sites. This creates viral spreading.
The text of her speech is downloadable as a PDF with a link next to the video. It would have been better to be able to read the text beside the video. Ideally the text should be navigable so that you can click on it to make the video jump to that part, like New York Times is doing.
There should be an RSS feed so that I can subscribe to these videos in my RSS reader.
It would have been nice to enable some form of viewer interaction. For example, have a poll about the issue mentioned, or allow comments to the video.
What do you think? Please comment!

Update April 3: I just received an email from an assistant to Ms Reding, thanking me for my email where I praised her for using video like this. I had not expected any reply, except maybe a short standard email response. So I was surprised to see that the email contained this image of a scanned letter: "
" DELIVERABLES VS. DELIVERY 
Wireframes, flow diagrams, personas, card sorts, content strategy documents, etc. All of these things are important to design, and designers need some combination of them to synthesize their user research and communicate what they’re doing with the other members of the team.

But too often these deliverables are the last line of contact for designers. Too often these deliverables are what designers prepare and then hand off to implementors. Then they shuffle off to create more deliverables and the cycle is repeated.

In the end deliverables are merely artifacts of the design process. They are not the final design, they are not the artifact of experience. The end user never interacts with them…they interact with the product or service that is actually delivered.

That’s the difference: deliverables are divorced from delivery.

Thus, the task of a UX designer, in order to stay true to our calling, doesn’t stop at any deliverable. Even if our “job” is to create wireframes, we cannot be satisfied with passing off wireframes to other team members. If we are truly concerned with the experience of the people who use our product/service, we will infiltrate their world…we will demand to know the quality of their experience.

Many UX designers are judged on the quality of their deliverables. This is necessary to a point, we must make sure each step is faithfully executed. But to truly be a user experience designer, we must have a longer scope. We can’t stop at deliverables. We must extend through delivery.

Deliverables are diminishing in importance. Sketches, super important to early design synthesis, have fleeting value. They are valuable for a very short period of time. Design, implement, iterate, move on. Record the learning, but don’t judge the sketch, judge the resulting experience.

So, if you’re not involved in the day to day feedback loop of your user’s experience, make sure you get involved. Ask about your feedback channels: support emails, call-center requests, twitter mentions, all of it. Do regular surveys and user testing. Investigate. Demand data. If you don’t, you’re just creating deliverables and missing the forest for the trees.

Experience, in the end, cannot be captured in a deliverable."
My youngest brother does not have much of a memory for directions and maps. While this leads to some friendly jibes about his lack of that so-called "manly" trait of the compass in the head, so to speak, it led to me to think about this whole notion of "necessary skills". So when I can look up directions on Google maps from my mobile phone, or have an in-car GPS system give me directions turn by turn and even notify me of traffic conditions, is a sense of physical direction an important skill any more?  I look back and realize that technology trends tend to define what skills are "in" or "out". I have forgotten the art of memorizing phone numbers, because we know share contacts through bluetooth, text messages and missed calls. Come to think of it, I have also lost the unique Indian skill of being able to buy a black ticket at a crowded cinema when the box office tells you that the tickets are sold out. That's because I buy my tickets and choose my seats online now. A few years back, I was part of a technical interview panel for my company, grilling some poor people on the basics of C++ and Java. And since I do not enjoy making people squirm, I left with a very bad taste. I decided then that it made no sense to ask somebody the "difference between overloading and overriding". If I was asked a question like that at a job interview, I would pull out a laptop, connect to the internet and show the interviewer the answer that I pulled up from Google. I fail to see why Indian IT services firms still continue to test people for their ability to memorize Kernighan and Ritchie's memorable tome. Memorization is a skill that's most definitely "out". Information is freely available and searchable. So let's stop testing for information and start testing for knowledge.
"A Billion IDIOTS!! - Before I went to see 3 Idiots , I had heard a thousand people chant about the brilliance of the movie. So , amidst all the hosannahs and eulogies that i heard chanted about the film , all the frenzied applause by everyone whenever the name of the movie was mentioned , I went to see the film at last. And did 3 Idiots live up to my expectations...??

As a movie... YES. A perfectly made , celluloid entertainer. Every performance was exceptional for its sheer energy and versatality. So , As a cinematic adventure , Hirani and Amir hold the story together perfectly.

But , 3 IDIOTS , for all its fine comic moments , is a very dangerous film. The movie legitamizes a scorn and hatred of education. It ridicules the best education institutions set in INDIA , sanctions wilful dumbing of our own. It shows our higher education system as an arena of bad teachers determined to ruin the student's lives , suicidally pressurizing students.

Amazingly , a film whose central message is ""the education system sucks"", "" we earn nothing at our centers of excellence"" , ""dont study hard jusst do what pleases you"" is being hailed as the best film ever made in INDAIN CINEMA. This huge popularity of the movie shows how eager we are to embrace mindlessness and how keen we are to see education and hard work as obstacles to enjoying a good life.

We keep chanting the mantra ""the-system-sucks , who-cares-about-grades , the-rat-race-is-foolish."". Yes our education system needs reforms , things need to improve but in the pusuit of educational reforms , we cannot allow standards of excellence be lowered. The IIT's must be applauded for the world-class minds they've thrown up , they are institutions that are respected all over the world.

There was a scene in the film in which Rancho mocks the Laplace Transforms (the equation written on the blackcoard) as an example of rote learning. Yet, without Laplace Transforms , Hirani's computer would not boot up!! As an Engineering student, I have never come across a teacher like VIRUS nor have i ever felt the manic stress during the 3 years of my college life.

Let's get real about higher education , and not engage in an escapist fantasy and convince ourselves that education doesnot matter. For each of us, geniuses or not ... there are no short cuts.

So , THREE IDIOTS IS A GREAT MOVIE!! BUT THAT'S JUST IT ... IT'S NO MORE THAN A STORY."
"A to Z layoff.. ""WARNING"" A: please do 'this' for me
Z: yes sure, my pleasure

A: Hi, can u do 'this' for me....
Z: yes sure...

A: Hi, do 'this' for me...
Z: OK

A: Do 'this' for me.
Z: OK 5 minutes

A: need 'this' ASAP
Z: will be done ASAP

A: need 'this' ASAP, inform when done.
Z: OK {after sometime} needful has been done

A: please tell me the procedure to do 'this', so that the communication gap is not involved in the process.
Z: Here is the 'procedure'. In case of issues contact me

A: 'Issue'
Z: 'Resolution'

A: Hi Z, what do you do here...
Z: 'this'
A: 'this'? I know 'this', what do you do?
Z: nothing!"
There is a general belief that religion and spirituality are outside the scope of examination using scientific methods. I beg to disagree. Science comprises observation, theory and verification. All human experience is based on observation. In ordinary life, the result of observations, over a long period of time, is called experience. However science requires the observations to be objective, systematic, accurate making conscious effort to reduce errors by repeating the experiments and having it reviewed by peers. Similarly the difference scientific theory and others is that it constructs a theoretical model based on logic and mathematics. This model has to be consistent with the observed facts. The last stage is verification during which a prediction is made and a new experiment is done to verify whether this is correct. For instance theory of relativity predicted that light rays would bend when they pass very near the Sun. This was verified and found to be correct.
"OM Shanti Shanti Shanti   You must have gone through some unpleasant, uncomfortable moments in life when you are not FEELING GOOD about things, about situation or about people. Whether its just about salt in food or somebody around you whom you don't want in the moment or you stuck in thick traffic or somebody behaving in a way which is disturbing you or sometime for no reason we don't feel good. The most often what we do we blame others and complain about things or people about the way we feel. And this happen to most of us and most of time without being even aware about it. So what is the way out?   Here is what you can observe. Whenever you are going through some unpleasant feeling. Just give a pause to yourself and obsever what is happening inside? How is the state of your mind? Is it cluttered, agitated, heated up or heavy. In principle this is what is reflecting out (if you not ready to accept this truth say it most of the time ). So when you become aware of this disturbed state mind, just remind your mind to be peaceful and calm right now. If its too difficult give a bigger pause and just tell yourself that you are commited to inner peace, you are peace :) and first become peaceful inside. You will see immediately things will be more clearer.

This I observe after reading Guruji's one knowledge sheet where He says, ""Forget about knowledge, God, service any good thing in life, first comes the PEACE. If there is no peace nothing can happen."" And to my experience this is so true and striking peace at first place make a tremendous difference. Its so amazing.

So next time you feel any unpleasant moods or moments: give yourself a pause and remind yourself about inner peace and chant inside Om Shanti Shanti Shanti! (Om Peace Peace Peace)

And Share your experiences.
All Glory to Gurudev"
" Greetings and Huzzah, pitiful earth dwellers!

Behold the beauty and awe put forth by this, my greatest triumph to date! This is the blog of the evil Grand Master Flash of the underworld! The one and only mechanical deity, TOBY, Robot Satan! Fall to your knees and promise your ever-loving soul to me!

Have you had ample time units to reach the human kneeling position?

Excellent! Fear my wrath, for from my forth floor walk-up one-bedroom perch in the doomed city of New York, I see and know all human wants, needs and eateries! Do not attempt to ignore my presence or resist my power of soul persuasion! You will surely lose, with your punishment for such insolence being the loss of all things smooth and cold!

You have now been oppressed! Through a blog!

Stop back often for evil updates and mighty pie recipes!

Yours in uncomfortably humid hellfire,

Mighty TOBY, Robot Satan"
Now at this point we need to clarify the fact that three bowls containing the porridge were all made of difference materials, each with different thermal properties. This explains why when tasting Daddy bear's big bowl ofporridge discovered it was much too hot; mummy bear's medium sized bowl was freezing cold, and baby bear's small bowl was at an acceptable temperature. One can only assume that mummy bear's taste in cold porridge is not completely bonkers. Anyway, chavpig that she was, goldilocks ate up all of baby bear's porridge. This is described as a somewhat gluttenous act, even though we are initially told that baby bear's bowl is incredibly small. He's probably still being weaned off salmon. Like any good greedyguts, Goldilocks decided that she might as well sit down, and spotting the bear's three chairs decided to try them one by one. Now, Goldilocks is obviously a right fussy bitch, and daddy bear's chair was considered to be too hard, and mummy bear's chair was too soft and lumpy, like a bean bag or something. Can you imagine taking her to DFS for a new three piece suite? She'd be a bloody nightmare.
But these are not very comprehensive and have to be supplemented by rules each society consider necessary. These are the rules of morality and rules of law. Whereas the internal rules need no implementing agency, the external ones need agency to implement them. Early on the group leader was the authority for this purpose. During the course of time the village elders, village panchayts, the chieftain of a county, the king, the Emperor and the Government became the implementing authorities. Any one familiar with law enforcement will know that 99% of people have to be obedient to law under internal compulsion not under external threat of detection and punishment. This is usually achieved by indoctrination from childhood onwards during the course of education or otherwise. Here comes the role of religion. Every religion is a moral code. Observance of the moral code is essential for the faithful to attain whatever may be their spiritual objective. The very high percentage of faithful among humans is, I think, based on an internal programme built into our genes. No religion will stand the test of rationality. One needs a very high ability to suspend disbelief to be faithful. My theory there is an inbuilt gene, which ensures this for the majority of people. There are many other essential roles that religion plays. It relieves our fear of death and life after death, it gives hope for the hopeless, it makes it possible for one feel bliss due to religious fervor which like other human moods (happiness, sorrow, grief, pain, anger hatred, etc.) needs an outlet. It satisfies the need for performing rituals, which seem to have a psychological impact on humans. I am not aware of any society, which does not resort to rituals. 
" Will it be used for digital video content, ie, TV ? Why would we want it to be used for TV ?

The internet has the opportunity to continue to be transformative. There are applications out there that can change the quality of our lives.  Im not talking about the ability to update your facebook, or check out what where everyone is at on 4Square and twitpic what is happening to your friends and followers. Social Media is one more amazing communication platform that is impacting our lives. But its not tranformative.

There will be transformative applications that need all the bandwidth they can get. Medical, Transportation, Defense, Gaming, Simulations and who knows what. As computers become more powerful, we need to be able to send more data to the cloud where they can crunch data and return it to us.

That is the value of an open internet. The things we cant imagine today. The applications that are just dreams because  they dont have enough horsepower and bandwidth to work today. I want the internet to be a platform for amazing. Not Gilligan’s Island reruns.

I recognize that with openness comes the risk of the least common denominator dominating.  Porn has just as much right to dominate the net as any other app. But should it ?

Yes it should. The lesson of TV over the internet vs TV over digital cable or satellite isnt about openness. Its about the value of Application Specific Networks. DIgital CAble is an application specific network. Its only job is to serve up content and it works very well.

The FCC needs to recognize this and start working with internet broadband providers to define tunnels,  Private Virtual Networks  or just plain reserved bandwidth that are saved for future applications. When a transformative application presents itself, there should be an opportunity to define the network to optimize that application."
The convention overall went really well. Every year it just seems to get bigger. I've been to a lot of gaming conventions in the Houston area and Owlcon remains the one to go to. A lot of those conventions come and go, but Owlcon has always remained rock steady. I can't wait until next year. This year was a bit special to top it off. Since I won the logo contest, I got to see my design on hundreds of gamers!! I can't really say I was wild about the purple but hey, it was my design on hundreds of gamers!! It was a very cool feeling. To make it all the more better, GURPS game I ran went really well and I even got to catch up with an old Army buddy I used to work and game with. Back when I still wore Army greens to work instead of pajamas, Matt and I used to hobble along company PT runs together at Fort Campbell. We went to AIT together and somehow managed to get the same duty station together for our first (and last) assignment. Both of us not being strong runners on our PT tests, we ended up doing mandatory PT.
"Notes from Mussoorie - Day 1  -   It's a clear night full of stars in Mussoorie. The chilly breeze makes me shiver under my spine and somehow i am enjoying it till the core.

Looking down is Dehra valley lit up like a golden jewel. What an amazing tapestry! Amazing view captured by my retina.

The room that i have taken is a reminder of ancient British Era. It's a heritage hotel and well kept one. During morning the Sun wakes you up as you open the window.

Balbir Singh, my room attendent reminds me of British officers who had a personal attendant saying ""Haaji Sir"" on every possible statement of mine.

I am enjoying my stay! Thank you Mussoorie for being so kind.   After initial hiccups i reached Mussoorie today Morning, with completely no idea what is in store for me. This is the least planned trip for me.

It was 11 by the time i reached and then after getting refreshed i opt for some walking aroound the Mall Road just to get the feeling in.

I came back after an hour with the notebook and started to settle. Since there was no planned activity i was enjoying my state of doing nothing.

After finishing late lunch generally i got the feeling as to how would it be if at all i would be able to meet Mr. Ruskin Bond, after all he lives here only! What if i could just sneak into his home and have a small conversation! Embroiled in these thoughts only i ventured to move out in search for the book shop.

It took me only 15 mins to reach and i bought two books, ""The room on the roof, Vagrants in the Valley"", his very first book and ""Notes from a small room"", his latest. I asked casually whether he visit here sometime and much to my surprize the owner said that he will be coming here anytime soon!!! This was least expected.

Though i had updated my status in FB ""Meeting with Mr. Bond"", but i had never even imagined it would come true. There were very few people and all were waiting for him. After sometime he came in his chauffer driven car.

There was no Tamasha, no security guards, no protocols. He was walking and talking like any of us do. Such is his simplicity. I was completely taken aback. He signed on both of the books and i chatted for a while, shared a joke and more sitting just next to him!!!

I came back to my hotel room. After sometime i realised that one of my wish has just been fullfilled. It's been so kind of him to take his time out. I wish i could meet more people like him.

Mussoorie has really been kind to me. Thank you Mussoorie.

Written on 13th Feb just before finishing the wonderful day."
" As a former schoolteacher, I know just how broken education is and how far away it is from hitting the mark of supporting the development and exploring personal potential for young people. One thing you can do for the next generation of young people is share what you know on the internet. If you lay down the breadcrumbs as you live and you share what you know, it will live on and help others stand on your shoulders and build past what you have done. There are lots of benefits to going to school, but it doesn't have a monopoly on knowledge or hold the only keys to a great job.

I see sharing as the future of business too. By sharing our designs with the MakeBot community, we've found a fantastic community of passionate people who are willing to tell us what we're doing right and support us in figuring out how to improve. The examples go on and on.

What are you sharing? What frontiers do you see for sharing. Are there things that you're not sharing that you could?"
I spent a bad night. A night in pain due to spasms that kept hurting my spine and back the entire night. After trying out various different positions to ease the discomfort and failing, I sat up and screamed ’shut up’. And having done that, resumed my attempt at slumber. I had the soundest sleep for the following two hours before the alarm went off to wake me for the morning gym routine. This is unusual. Not the screaming, the alarm waking me up. Normally my apprehension of whether it shall work keeps me half awake till the designated hour. But it did not last night, or well, really, this morning. I sailed into the gymnasium with forced enthusiasm and despite the few odd muscle catches that occurred, by the end of my two hours there was a definite sense of improved condition. The bounce came back, the heat of the morning sun on the lawn was welcomed and the entire day has been spent in spasmless wonder !! I wore a new dress.
" Sorry, Charlie

Until recently, it was assumed that Charlie Crist, Florida's gay Governor, would take an easy walk from Florida to the US Senate in next November's election. Until Charlie's support started to crumble around him, that is.

A Rasmussen poll from last week shows that Crist's primary opponent, Mark Rubio, brought the race to a dead heat: 43% to 43%. In an effort to court the conservative wing of the Florida GOP, Rubio is running hard to the right. A hard right wing Senate candidate would be a much harder sell to the people of Florida than a popular Governor who enjoys an approval rating of 68% of Democrats!

As if that is not enough, Lincoln Diaz-Balart and Mario Diaz-Balart (pictured), brothers who serve in Congress, have withdrawn their endorsement of Charlie and Rubio continues to press hard. Florida's GOP is conservative and Charlie pitted against Rubio could mean that the Governor could lose his primary election and be out of a job at the end of next year. Crist had to make a choice between running for Governor or US Senator. Perhaps it he picked the wrong one.

In the report, Lincoln Diaz-Balart explained that Crist had 'left us [the two brothers] no alternative and he knows why.'

Do tell Lincoln, do tell.

By: Michael Rogers | permanent link |   
Comments (4)
Tuesday, December 22, 2009

Huck goes pro-gay

Well, he's supporting a gay guy for public office. Of course, a few weeks after a guy you paroled slays four cops you'll do anything to change the narrative about yourself.

Andre Bauer gets Huckabee's backing:
Lt. Gov. Andre Bauer is being backed by former Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee in the GOP race for governor.

Huckabee, who served as governor of Arkansas before finishing second in S.C. Republican presidential primary in 2008, endorsed Bauer in a fundraising letter for the lieutenant governor and Huck-PAC, Huckabee's political action committee.

'Andre Bauer is a champion we can believe in,' Huckabee wrote. 'He has fought for the people of South Carolina since the day he was elected to the House of Representatives in 1996. As Lt. Governor, he has ruled against every single proposed tax increase, saving the people of South Carolina $2 billion.'"""
However, there was something highly unfortunate about these missions: they were waaay before my time! I wasn't around to see it! I did get to see the launch of something equally interesting though: the New Horizons probe. This wonderful probe launched on January 19th, 2006. I watched the live feed from NASA's website (after watching the failed launch on the 11th). It's main mission is to study the outer solar system and Pluto, but New Horizons will give us more pictures of Jupiter and the Jovian moons than Pluto. By pictures, I mean the works- not just that puny band of the spectrum which we call "visible light"- particle readings, radio waves, light, orbital charts of the moons, you name it. New Horizons will then go on to study Pluto and its moon, Charon. Pluto, which recently got demoted (arguably a wise move) from planet status. After this, New Horizons will go on to study the Kuiper belt, a large belt of asteroids and "plutoids", or near-Pluto size objects. It will leave the solar system in 2029 (estimated). However, perhaps fittingly, New Horizons will never catch up to the Voyager probes.
"Relations - There are two types of relations. One is Blood made relation, and another is Time made relation.
Blood made relations are like father, mother, sister, brother, cousin, grand parents and all(family members). This type of relation is constant one(no change in love, love forever), you love your father means, you love him from the day you were born till the day of your separation(death).
Time made relation are those which are dependent on time, like friendship. As time pass by, the relations becomes stronger or weaker, according to the separation (distance between the two friends ). But there are some relations which grow stronger, even if the distance between the two is high.
So it is necessary for the relation, whose strength(love for the person) goes on increasing regardless of the separation, just to end increasing the strength. One wants to shift that relation in constant one, to the loved one, blood made relation, letting the person to become a part of your family. So the question is, why to choose only husband and wife, why can't it be brother and sister or brother in law and sister in law. Don't you love your sister, don't you want to see her happy. Love is all about to wish to see the person you love, happy.
And the answer is, strength of that relation(love for the person) is so much increased that you don't just want to see her happy, you'll do anything to see her happy, you want to be with her always. And among the given relations, in family only husband and wife stays with each other.
As, this kind of relation was time made relation, I don't believe in love at first sight. [:D]
Well now a days, we should think for brother-brother relations also :P"
Last week, the same 7-8 of us who used to meet daily in shcool days, had to send a thread consisting of 300 mails just to decide when and where we all shall meet together, after a gap of aroud about 4 months. This week, my friend and colleague Rajeswari spent endless hours communicating and organising over two days, just to decide where, when and HOW she and 4 of her friends(Sathya, Swetha, Priya and Swathi, who used to meet daily in college and even in weekends), can meet this weekend. See the HOW, that is a new clause added, first it was anytime anywehere, then it was anywhere but in a particular time coz someone has n’t returned from college and so on, then it was at a particular time, at a particular place coz people come from far away on a weekend, so they dont have enough time to come to all the friends place etc. Now it is how! ya How! everyone is available, but all are busy, “how can we meet? hey I have work, next week our project release, I have a client call next week, so i ll be home at only 9:00 pm and i have work on Sunday too”, so more often , people silently come home, sleep for a day , take rest and go back.
" All in all, the impression I got was of an incredible wealth of software, written and maintained by dedicated volunteers all over the scientific community.

During the Q&A session, we touched upon the usual topics, like Python 3 transition, the GIL (there was considerable interest in Antoine Pitrou's newgil work, which unfortunately I could not summarize adequately because I haven't studied it enough yet), Unladen Swallow, and the situation with distutils, setuptools and the future 'distribute' package (for which I unfortunately had to defer to the distutil-sig).

The folks maintaining NumPy have thought about Python 3 a lot, but haven't started planning the work. Like many other projects faced with the Python 3 porting task, they don't have enough people who actually know the code base well enough do embark upon such a project. They do have a plan for arriving at PEP 3118 compliance within the next 6 months.

Since NumPy is at the root of the dependency graph for much of the software packages presented here, getting NumPy ported to Python 3 is pretty important. We briefly discussed a possible way to obtain NumPy support for Python 3 sooner and with less effort: a smaller ""core"" of NumPy could be ported first, which would give the NumPy maintainers a manageable task, combined with the goal of selecting a smaller ""core"" which would give them the opportunity for a clean-up at the same time. (I presume this would mostly be a selection of subpackage to be ported, not an API-by-API cleanup of APIs; the latter would be a bad thing to do simultaneous with a big port.)"
"Change!!!
Its been almost five months since i graduated and started work and here i am now, at a standstill...Life seems to be in a pause phase at the moment. 
Its strange how you change from a teenager to a grown up in such a short period of time, all cos of a simple fact that now i am on my own..lol..sounds strange doesnt it...It was much clear back then as to what, where, how etc,...but now life seems slower than it ever was. 

Theres this strong urge in me to be someone, to do something and show the world but then again, the fear and the insecurity within makes me feel even more vulnerable and weak. 

Sometimes i find myself over excited and filled with positive energy and optimism and other times i am like, comparing myself to the better ones and saying wow, am i even getting there...i guess the more i compare, the more i pull myself down, well thats when i am jealous..but otherwise it kinda motivates me to do even better.
Sometimes i feel great about myself but many a times, especially when i am with others, i find myself comparing myself with them for every little things...i guess its gotta do with the insecurities that has build up within me over a period of time..may be the past..lol...Anyways i gotta work on it...after all, its the change within that can change the exterior circumstances isn't it...Anyways as for now, i have to do my laundry and i hate it..

Meanwhile you take care and happy surfing!!!!"
" Artificial Flight and Other Myths (a reasoned examination of A.F. by top birds)
Tuesday, February 16th, 2010
Artificial Flight and Other Myths
a reasoned examination of A.F. by top birds
Over the past sixty years, our most impressive developments have undoubtedly been within the industry of automation, and many of our fellow birds believe the next inevitable step will involve significant advancements in the field of Artificial Flight.  While residing currently in the realm of science fiction, true powered, artificial flying mechanisms may be a reality within fifty years.  Or so the futurists would have us believe.  Despite the current media buzz surrounding the prospect of A.F., a critical examination of even the most basic facts can dismiss the notion of true artificial flight as not much more than fantasy.

We can start with a loose definition of flight.  While no two bird scientists or philosophers can agree on the specifics, there is still a common, intuitive understanding of what true flight is: powered, feathered locomotion through the air through the use of flapping wings.  While other flight-like phenomena exist in nature (via bats and insects), no bird with even a reasonable education would consider these creatures true fliers, as they lack one or more key elements.  And, while some birds are unfortunately born handicapped (penguins, ostriches, etc.), they still possess the (albeit undeveloped) gene for flight, and it is indeed flight that defines the modern bird.

This is flight in the natural world, the product of millions of years of evolution, and not a phenomenon easily replicated.  Current A.F. is limited to unpowered gliding; a technical marvel, but nowhere near the sophistication of a bird.  Gliding simplifies our lives, and no bird (including myself) would discourage advancing this field, but it is a far cry from synthesizing the millions of cells within the wing alone to achieve Strong A.F. Strong A.F., as it is defined by researchers, is any artificial flier that is capable of passing the Tern Test (developed by A.F. pioneer Alan Tern), which involves convincing an average bird that the artificial flier is in fact a flying bird.

Now we know the goal, but what about the technical hurdles?  Our visions of the bird wing are becoming more accurate, it’s true, and soon we may have a full model of every muscle, bone and sinew, but even this is merely information.  There’s never been a realistic timetable of how long it would take to replicate even a portion of the wing, whether through biology, engineering or otherwise.  And even the most optimistic birds have yet to explain how we plan to accurately rebuild the delicate array of feathers that are essential to flight.  Do not misinterpret this pessimism as cynicism, mind you, as I do believe these studies are worthwhile, as we will learn more about ourselves and what it means to be a bird.  Replicating birddom, though, is almost definitely out of our reach.

Even if we were capable of completely achieving the above, how would we ever know if it was a true bird?  Where does flight really reside?  We may build a functioning, flapping wing, but what if the essence of flight is deeper, hidden within the cells or elsewhere?  We would only succeed in making a hollow doll that only gives the appearance of flight. If this is the end result, is it a worthwhile investment of our time and resources?

There are religious birds who believe God made Bird in His own image, and while I do not share in most of these beliefs, I do think there’s something to be said about the motivation behind creating Strong A.F.  Perhaps, as we are the only creatures on Earth capable of flight, we want to push forward past our current capabilities, perhaps even augmenting our own flying capacities if independent A.F. is an impossibility.  This could be interpreted as noble, but I would argue that there’s very little utility in replicating what nature has essentially perfected.  Why spend millions on an artificial flier when there are so many birds out of work?  Many weaker fliers have already lost their jobs to gliders; is it wise to rush to make ourselves obsolete?  A.F. research may unlock some hidden mystery about ourselves, and it may make the lives of some more comfortable, but at best, true Strong A.F. is a pipe dream and at worst a challenge to what it means to be a bird."
" Playing with Xcode and AppleScript

In case you noticed a post about PDFopener and were curious, I've been playing with Xcode, the Mac OS X development environment. And AppleScript. I guess either could be useful if I ever build a robot with a Mac brain. I wonder how hard it would be to use Xcode to develop for ATmega MCUs. At any rate, the reason for the PDFopener project was that I got sick of problems downloading USPS shipping labels so I dove in and fixed it.


set text item delimiters to "".LabelGenerationServlet""
set stripOther to first text item of fileName
if stripOther is not equal to fileName then

AppleScript is somewhat bizarre to me, an outgrowth of HyperCard's HyperTalk language (anyone remember that?), sort of a pseudo-English programming language. It's a bit mind-boggling for a dude used to C and Perl. I didn't spend any time really learning the language fundamentals but was able to slog my way to making a functional program, chipping away at it little by little with a lot of searching on macscripter.net. Trying to do too much at once and it would all fall apart. Like building a house of cards. That's not unlike my robotic coding experiences thus far, actually.
at 8:00 AM 0 comments  

Labels: mac os x

Saturday, January 30, 2010

Unicorn-1 Arm

Time to arm the robots! No, not for world takeover. I'm talking about robotic arms. Digging through the stack of old robot stuff I ran across a photocopy of this ancient, August, 1980 series from Radio-Electronics.

The first article offers a neat, simple design for a robotic arm that seems relatively easy to build with some basic tools and careful techniques. Interesting excerpts are reproduced here for educational purposes.
The elbow-forearm actuator is comprised of a large motor and threaded rod that pulls a on the midpoint of the forearm. The shoulder is actuated, I think, from a motor within the robot. Details on the design, dimensions, etc, are given below.
To save weight, I suppose one could change the design to use aluminum tube instead of steel rod for the side rods. They're available from home improvement stores, hardware stores, and online shops.

Some parts (right) need to be machined, unless one comes up with a simpler way to fabricate them. If so, I think all that's really needed is a drill press, a way to ensure drilling a hole through the center of a rod, a cutoff saw, some hand tools, and a tap or two.

An electronics article from the 80's would be good for a chuckle. But since motor and mechanical technology haven't changed all that much, I submit that these 30 year old plans are still relevant for the modern robot builder."
" Umami Nation: Kombu Dashi Smackdown
January 19th, 2010 · Uncategorized

posted by Dave Arnold

Kombu, a variety of giant kelp (seaweed), is a cornerstone of Japanese cooking. Kombu is particularly high in free glutamic acid—the umami maker—but its flavor is otherwise rather delicate, so it is an excellent source of MSG.  By the way, glutamic acid + sodium = MSG. (You’ll get much more on MSG and umami in our upcoming post: Umami Nation: MSG the Superspice—the Headache is in Your Head.)  This post is about kombu broth.

Several types of Kombu are used in Japanese cooking.  For a discussion of kombu, I refer you to this website or this book.  We used ma kombu which was harvested—as many good things are—in the cold waters off Hokkaido, Japan’s northernmost main island. Yuji Haraguchi of True World Foods, a premier supplier of fish and Japanese products (we buy our fish for ike-jime from them), brought us the kombu.


Ma kombu. High quality stuff from Hokkaido. Brought to us by True World Foods.
Most traditional books will instruct you to place a piece of kombu in cold water and then heat that water until it just begins to bubble, upon which you immediately remove the kombu. But recent work in Japan has shown that optimal glutamate extraction is actually obtained by steeping kombu in 65° C water for about an hour. Several years ago, when we first heard about temperature regulating kombu stocks, we told a group of Kaseiki chefs that they might want to use an immersion circulator. They looked at us like we had three heads (in fact we had only two). Undaunted, we vowed to thoroughly test kombu stocks in the circulator. Two and a half years later, we finally got around to it.


Setting up the tasting.
Setting Up the Test
The tests: we would make one broth traditionally, and one like the Kaiseki do—by attempting to regulate water temperature to 65° C on a typical stove.  After carefully reading the dashi sections of some our favorite books, we settled on 10 grams of kombu per liter of liquid—though intuitively this seemed low to us. For a third test we would circulate the kombu in water at 65° C.

We could think of two possible reasons the circulated broth wouldn’t be as good (or better) than other techniques: 1) if the air churned in by circulation had a negative effect, or 2) if the crappy heat control of the stovetop was actually a benefit; i.e., if temperature fluctuation somehow made the stock better. To control for the air problem we added a test of some kombu circulated in a vacuum bag. It didn’t take long for Nils and I to realize the bag was probably a good idea anyway, because we would get some vacuum-infusion benefits.

Yuji from True World also suggested we try some cold infusion, so we added a 10 gram/liter overnight infusion to our test, a 10 gram/liter overnight vacuum infusion, and a 20 gram/liter overnight vacuum infusion. We never heated these infusions with the kombu in them. As a final test, Yuji suggested we heat the regular overnight infusion in the traditional way (until bubbles start to form), with the kombu in it. We ended up with 8 different kombu broths, and we tasted them blind.

What We Didn’t Test

We didn’t test a temperature range. We didn’t do 60° versus 65° versus 70° C. Next test.
We didn’t test the level of free glutamate in the broth. Most literature will tell you this number is important. But we can’t measure free glutamate here, and we thought it much more important to judge the broths on taste alone.
We didn’t test the interaction of the kombu broths with other umami-producing ingredients like bonito flakes (katsuobushi) or shitake mushrooms. Bonito flakes have inosinic acid, and shitakes have guanylate, both of which act synergistically with the glutamic acid in kombu to create a lot more umami than kombu alone.
Often a kombu is re-used to make a secondary dashi after the primary broth is made. Some of the extraction methods we used rendered the leftover kombu virtually tasteless, which would make a secondary dashi impossible.  So we didn’t test secondary dashis.
The Results


Kombu Tasting Results. We tested three different groups (red, blue, and green), and then pitted the winners of each group against each other to figure out which kombu dashi reigned supreme. The red block tested methods of making kombu dashi at 65° C: directly in a circulator, in a vacuum bag in a circulator, and by trying to maintain 65° C on a stovetop. The blue block tested cold infusion techniques: in a vacuum bag at 20 grams kombu per liter, in a vacuum bag at 10 grams kombu per liter (traditional amount), and 10 grams of kombu in a liter of water without a bag. The green group pitted traditional kombu dashi--10 grams per liter started cold and just brought to the bubble and strained, versus cold infused then heated dashi also at 10g/liter without a vacuum bag.
Vacuum bagged 65° C circulated kombu stock reigned supreme!

The verdict was decisive. Unanimous and unequivocal.

In the future, we will test vacuum bagged 65° C kombu at 15 g/liter and at 20 g/liter, because 20g/liter won the cold infusion category.  We should also try cold-vacuum-infused-then-heated broth.  We think it would win."
" In the event some form of ubiquitous entertainment comes first ,  takes over the net and saturates it, how is the FCC going to solve the bandwidth traffic jam ? They wont ever be able to put the bandwidth genie back in the bottle. Screaming at broadband providers to spend the money wont work any better than screaming to expand highways helps to alleviate rush hour traffic

The FCC wants Internet 2 at universities to flourish and develop new things. But where are they going to roll them out to if all of our bandwidth to the home is being used for some new form of 3D virtual fantasy sports?

I just dont think these things will just manage to take care of themselves.  The reality is that when we run into future internet application roadblocks our politicians will jump in the mix and attempt to “solve” the problems. You know where that will get us.

We need to start the process now of putting some bandwidth to the home away for a rainy day. Not only do we need to preserve bandwidth in the last mile, but the FCC also needs to  figure out a way to create a transparent market or exchange that allows competing applications a means of knowing how and when they will have access to bandwidth when, not if,  it becomes constrained.

And if you really want to make things interesting, the company that is doing the most work on realtime markets and competing for resources that i know of ? ….. Google.

Deal with it today or struggle with it in the future."
"Power of Sattva...Unleashed in Mumbai   23 to 26 Dec 2009 witnessed 490 people experiencing the Part 2 course in the famous Yogi Sabhagraha Swaminarayan Hall in Dadar. Sattva personified Rishi Vidhyadharji mesmerised all of us with his Satsang Aerobics Yoga at midnight (6 am for me is midnight...he he), his brilliant Sadhana sequence and his Q&A sessions in the satsangs early morning (if you have slept from 4 to 6 pm then 8 pm feels like early morning).

Rishiji would conduct the course from 6 am to 9.30 pm. Inspite of such a busy schedule he offered 2 hour knowledge sessions on 2 days from 6 to 8 pm to YES!+ volunteers.

Some snippets: (NOT verbatim...just jotting the essence from what I remember)

This should be your goal: Becoming 'MUKT' (free) from the 5 deepest, strongest and oldest impressions: Food, Sleep, Sex, Fear and Laziness. He added that once you have become free from these impressions then you will know what your real purpose in life is. The humour and liveliness with which he explained this was exemplary.


Q: How to avoid being conscious when amongst people?
A: Rather than bothering about looking good, focus on feeling good. In looking good you lose your naturalness and peace. When you feel good then you will NOT become a football of others opinions and will be more effective.


Q: Should we be perfectionists?
A: Rather than looking for perfection, be with that which is perfect


Q: How to handle competition as it involves comparison with others?
A: Competition is sugar coated greed and jealousy. A person who is caught in competition is a victim of greed and jealousy. He tries to do several things 100% and gets stressed. Its important to BE (not necessarily DO) 100% in whatever you do.


Q: I am confused about marriage. How to decide whether to marry or not?
If one or more of the following five are of concern (needs) for a girl, then she should marry: Security, Companionship, Sex, Progeny and learning surrender
If one or more of the following four are of concern (needs) for a boy, then he should marry: Companionship, Sex, Progeny and learning surrender

Q: While on my way to meet Guruji, the excitement I feel, is it feverishness or longing?
A: While on your way if you are relaxed then its longing, else its feverishness. And on meeting him, if Guruji doesn't look at you and you don't mind it as you are happy that YOU saw HIM, then it was longing and if you feel upset or disappointed that HE didn't look at YOU, then it was feverishness.

Check out the photos in the adjoining slideshow

Jai Gurudev!"
" Is Yemen A Safe Place To Visit-- Or Live?


The drive from Sanga in Mali's Dogan country to Timbuktu is not for the faint of heart-- and not even possible without a solid 4 wheel drive, off road vehicle. When we did it a couple years ago, we got lost in trackless wastes-- with an experienced guide-- and broke down several times. But half way between driving over boulders in Dogan and the rutted track through the Sahara there's a stretch of paved road around a town called Douentza. There's not much to the town at all, but there's a roadside cafe where truckers and travelers can stop for a plate of slop and a cold drink and a chance to stretch and possibly realign one's spine. Ahhh... good old Douentza. I decided to fast but Roland had some kind of spaghetti lunch that took an hour or so to prepare. While waiting we met a Spanish architect, his wife and two daughters going in the other direction. We swapped road tips. And, as travelers do, we also swapped travel stories. They'd been traveling the world's forgotten places as long as I had. I told them about Afghanistan and Ceylon. They told us about Ethiopia and Yemen.

Yemen, in fact, was their greatest adventure. It was before the daughters had been born and the two Spanish students had been kidnapped by Yemenite bandits. It was strictly a business affair, no brutality or violence or anything like that. They were treated as guests and a month or so after being detained the ransom was paid and they were released... with the story of a lifetime. 

Saturday night, for no particular reason, I tweeted a NY Times story by Robert Worth on how the Yemeni addiction to qat (khat)-- a very thirsty plant that is mildly narcotic-- is making the barely habitable country completely uninhabitable due to the depletion of the aquifers. It's a story of desolation and ruin... and danger. It still isn't a safe place for tourists to visit. On the other hand, it isn't a safe place for anyone, including the Yemenis.

The first time I ever really thought much about Yemenis was when I was general manager of Sire Records. Legendary music man, Seymour Stein, had signed an Israeli-Yemenite single, Ofra Haza (one of her songs is below) and told me how big she was in Europe, how much he loved her and hated her manager and asked me to try to break her in the U.S. We put out several albums and singles by Ofra and she had some success but, while she may have been ""the Madonna for the Middle East,"" her music was more popular in gay dance clubs than on Top 40 radio. I always thought it odd, though, that when I visited Arab countries-- especially Morocco and Egypt-- people were wildly enthusiastic about her. No one minded that she was Israeli, let alone Jewish.

With album titles like Yemenite Songs, Yemenite Love, and Desert Love and with songs ""Im Nin' Alu,"" ""Galbi"", and ""Daw Da Hiya"" it would be hard for all but the most casual of listeners to not wonder about the relationship between Israel, Jews and Yemen, an ostensibly hostile, backward, fundamentalist Arab country-- the place, in fact, Osama bin-Laden's family moved to Saudi Arabia from. Saturday's Wall Street Journal fills in some gaps about Yemen and Jews with a fascinating story, Secret Mission Rescues Yemen's Jews by Miriam Jordan. She confirms the country's backwardness and hostility and goes into the ongoing operation of how the Obama Administration is rescuing the few remaining Yemenite Jews and settling them suburban Rockland County, New York in the hamlet of Monsey. (Monsey has around 15,000 people, 112 synagogues and 45 yeshivas and less than half the people there speak English at home.)"
" I was eventually directed to the Paediatric unit, and took the long walk with a sense of dread and trepidation. Most parents would feel this way on that walk, but normally because they were worried about whatever accident had befallen their child. I knew Mate was fine, they just had to un-Humpty Dumpty him, maybe that's why the paranoia was so bad. Maybe if I was doing the parent panic foxtrot, pacing up and down waiting to find out what was wrong with him, I wouldn't have even noticed it?

We sat down with the Triage Nurse and I answered another series of questions as she examined his head. They were a little more probing this time, dwelling more on previous visits, particularly the bruising episode. Mate had been 6 months old when I brought him in with some unexplained bruises on his arm. He hadn't fallen or anything, it just didn't make sense. That was the start of 48 hours of testing, monitoring and questioning. The Ward Sister could barely hide her contempt for me and what she thought I had done. That was until the second day, when she herself left him bruised after a straight forward blood test. Whilst she never actually apologised for her suspicions, she did offer me a cup of tea for the first time. They never did find the reason he was bruising so easily, but it stopped after a few days and never repeated itself, touch wood. "
"This Blog is dedicated to all the Software professionals who are working day in and day out to make sure that they succeed in Professional life. Software Industry as is known to the outer world is far away from it. Those who are employer or are employed know the exact truth whereas the rest can only guess.

During the future posts, i will try my best to cover some of the aspects in form of my stories which are based on true ""rumors"". I will choose the name of the characters which may coincide with some of you. Day 1
""Would you be free this weekend?"", Rihaan asked Suhani rather casually. She replied, ""yes"". This was the green signal that Rihaan was waiting for quite sometime.

Rihaan and Suhani met in office for the first time and there was something that clicked between them. They became close to each other in due course of time.

They started spending time with each other on weekends, since during weekdays it wasn't possible owing to strict professional conditions.   Day 2
Ravi and his Manager Karthik went into a meeting room. Ravi was told to move to Japan as an onshore coordinator for six months duration in the guise of learning opportunity.    Day 3
Mohan had a tough time convincing why he cannot relocate from Bangalore. Bimal, his Project Manager, was self proclaimed ruthless bastard.

He sarcastically made derogatory statements about Mohan and even stated in one of the Team meetings that ""People should be flexible if they have to grow"". But the most ugly statement which made everyone unhappy was ""When one is asked for onsite assignments people jump on to it it's only when asked to relocate within India is when Father's have Heart Attack and Mothers have serious injuries!"".

Everyone in the room cursed Bimal.    Day 4
The drama started with Bears & Sterns going bankrupt. No sooner most of the US financial companies started to believe that they will be hit and that too severely. Retrenchment plans were made in hurry and Pink slips started to arrive in hefty numbers.

Indian operations which were not on the radar for most of the time suddenly came into existence. One morning Lehman Brothers went Bankrupt! Sudheer, who was employed in the IT operations of LB at Mumbai, was shattered.

He went to office early that day.The day was Sept. 16, 2008    Day 5
Wasim gave his homely pleasures and moved to Bangalore in search of better professional life. Apart from cultural shock he was amazed at the lack of Infrastructure in the so called IT city of India. 

After spending a full fortnight he wasn't sure of the apartment which he wanted to live in. He wasn't accustomed to the whooping 10 months advance as a security theory! Moreover he didn't had that much of sum.

Not many people outside Karnataka knows that to take a rental accommodation in Bangalore the tenant has to pay a full 10 months advance as a security and the rent is high by any standards perhaps second higher after Mumbai."
" Author Donald Miller wrote, “Sometimes you have to watch somebody love something before you can love it yourself. It is as if they are showing you the way.”  Don’s on to something there… because Bill’s obvious love for the Bible ignited a curiosity within me.  Bill has a doctorate degree.  In addition to being a Pastor, he’s a Professor at the local University.  Early in our friendship, when the aforementioned conversation took place, I needed to know why this intelligent man said such things about the Bible.  I needed to know why I could look him in the eye and tell he wasn’t just spewing out Christianese when he claimed to love it.

In Bill’s sermons, he takes us to the time and place being discussed.  We who listen to him speak hear context.  We learn about the culture of the people.  We are given an insight as to what the text meant to them… how they understood it.  I wanted to know how Bill knew these things, so I asked (that desire for knowledge is actually what led me to the place where I told Craig Gross from XXXChurch that I wanted to enroll in Seminary – which Craig responded to by telling me X3’s Esther Fund would pay for it).  I’ve been learning how to study the Bible, and I have to tell you… I get so much more out of it when digging into context and culture than by just reading the words.   I’ve read through the New Testament four times so far and I get something new out of it each time."
"Does this make sense to you? Your mother doesn't let anybody harm animals, and you surprise everyone by those statements!..I dont buy your shit that you didnt say any of it and the cd is doctored..I dont think im jumping the gun either, you did that probably and are paying the price of it..  Why is Shashi Tharoor contesting elections from Trivandrum?..I just saw a flash news of the same, dont know if he has some ancestral connections with that place..If he doesn't, then why!

I have all the respect for Sanjay Dutt. That is, if I ignore his failed marriage, a controversial 2nd marriage(or third, srry ive lost track), his involvement(rather, his conviction) in the mumbai blasts, and the fact that all he'll utter in his campaigns is 'Gandhigiri'(a term thats not his)..

The next time you stand up and question Sachin's honesty I'll take it as a personal insult..and none of you would want that..coz I 'am' the cricket crazy indian public..

Is Austria gone crazy?..A man gets convicted for 14 years, even though the duration of his offense in itself was 25years!..cmon!..

TATA sends me an email telling me about this wonderful broadband connection that has 'not much hidden charges'!!..its written right across the middle..Should I just laugh, or sympathise?

Mira Nair re-releasing Salaam Bombay..Woman are you out of your mind??..The then child artist would still be driving an autorickshaw in bangalore..and if his condition doesnt improve then whats the point??

No multiplex releases for movies after april 3?..Producers digging their own graves..Atleast wait for the recession to get over with..So that you can recover some dough from the stock markets..You've ruled the industry for a long time, let someone else call the shots now..the end audience will still pay the same if not more..

Why..
Why..
Why..
Why..
I ask."
"Kuruksastra..... few debates and a walk out Kuruksastra is over. I can proudly say that this time i saw it. For last three years its something i only heard from other people, even though i attended its previous versions but its not more than an hour if you sum up the time.
All in all it was good to see whole college in such a pace with everyone satisfying their intellectual hunger through drama, debate, dance and many many other things. It creates those rare moments when the year recognition is lost and all comes on same floor to compete something which almost impossible to judge. It was Shankar Mahadevan who eclipsed everything in the last evening. The impeccable voice, the aura and the charm which gripped the whole college for about 2 hours and i could still feel his grip on this college by seeing status messages on gtalk, orkut and facebook. I choose sitting in Ctv rather going in and dancing and i really enjoyed, one can imagine the atmosphere in stands.. As far as i can see it was simply Awesome!!!!
The thing i felt is he did not sung those for which he is recognized and admired. To make the mood instead of singing ""jhoom barabar"" he must have sung ""Koi kahe"" from DCH. No song from Lakshya and no from his album ""Nine"", atleast he should have sing ""Noor E Khuda"". I felt satisfied twice, one at ""Maa"" and other at ""Breathless""... Overall its quiet a time and the feeling of real Shankar Mahadevan standing in front and singing is good, atleast for someone like me who never saw any showbiz personality ever... else than myself :)

Maximum time of these 3 days are passed in NMV auditorium watching Hindi Lits.. Pride of this college.. They win everywhere... If somewhere they did not won means they did not took part, its as simple as that...
The confidence in organizing committee was something, i m sure, every participant was scared of. Vishnupal led the team like Eric Cantona would have led the Manchester United years ago, attitude of the best player+captain could be seen in the confidence of each and every team mate...
If football commentrator Andy Gray would have been there... He must have said.... Take a Bow son !!!! Take a Bow !!!!!
The hard work of organizers was visible in the quizzes they prepared. Especially Antakshari, i think it was solely made by Amitabh and it was Something....
I was wondering how confident participants were and virtually giving lessons to someone like me who never ever even dared to climb up to that stage.
Boys and girls from all the years and from many colleges...

Apart from all this few things which took my attention...
First is the debate.. The confidence of participants was extremely good, i wonder how no one fainted or even a single one wavering. But.... there was a certain lack of preparation, i bet there was... Everyone was talking about something they guess should be rather than some solid points...
There was a certain lack of reasoning and every one was busy showing there ability of argument, useless argument..
Like in finals, topic was about Reality shows.. Many came and blabbered lines of Dinkar and Nirala... ""Jo bhara nahi hai bhaawon se......"" and all those stuff which has nothing to do with Reality shows. Leave alone reality show, i dont think Nirala or Bachchan ever said anything even on Show business. Instead you should have prepared why are reality shows so hit and why or why not they are affecting society as whole. Anyhow if you want to quote someone, tell us what Stephen Spielberg or Coppola or Prahlad Kakkar said on effect of stars on us.. Quote something relevant rather shouting bullshit....
I dont know exactly what India lost in creation of Pakistan but i can tell what India gained and thats the endless number of debates.. Its Pakistan everywhere, even the partition of states is somewhere related to Pakistan.... One was saying if we want to fight Naxalites we must take guns from all the policemen and send them barehanded... Upon asking to elaborate this he himself do not know what to say. One took partition of State as his topic and end up speaking for 5 minutes on corruption, no relevance at all. If some one someday show the videotape to that guy i dont know will he speak again in his life ???
At last i came to conclusion that there must be Pakistan's hand in my bad performance in class, because its the root cause of each and every problem in India..."
"time 5! 5 months is a long time..
Even though I've made a return here for a number of reasons, none of them involving any kind of humor(I can hear tht sigh of relief), I'll keep this post short n Kaju-barfi-sweet..
I'll list some places where 5 months are very significant, and some places/situations where 5 months are hardly noticed..  - Waiting for semester to end, mid way into the very first lecture of the sem!
- A bored Govt official retiring in 5 months
- A farmer
- A 93 yr old woman waiting for her first Haj trip
- A Merchant navy guy setting sail..(timez nt too hard on the wife, she has her options)
- Small budget movie producer giving out his first cheque in the movie's name
- An engineer waiting for his company to call(ouch ouch..)
- A pregnant-again woman, who had a miscarriage last time round, in 5 months(sorry, never said its gonna be roses n butterflies)
- A virgin, set to marry in 5 months!
- Period between Friends seasons
- Man serving time in jail, with remorse
- Animals in captivity
- Waiting for that first joint as soon as Rehab ends

And now where its insignificant/time flies by

- Man serving time in jail, without remorse
- Guy West-bound under Student exchange program
- Person working in his dream firm in his dream profile
- Kid of a working couple, growing up(Dual-income-One-kid, they say??)
- Animals in the wild
- Me
- Investors when stock markets are soaring

Next up, issues..

Keep the Faith.."
"THE REVENG OF THE 'GEEK'!! -  Well ,I am supposed to be Preparing my Market Research questionairre right now... but as my mind is ... it keeps me away from anything important i try to do and brings me back to things like blogging n chatting!!

So , While I was preparing the survey questions ... I realized that all that is happening in this world right now is marketing and business. Companies today rely more on the marketing and advertising than on the quality on their products. They hire the best MBA people in the hope that they can lure more customers into buying their products. And this is the reason more and more people today see more oppertunity in MBA. Even in an Engineering course , companies see the communication skill and marketing appeal of the candidate more than his technical capabilities. That is , if you do not have good communication skills , you cannot expect to get placed in a company even if you have great tecchnical skills.

Even during our UFMR( User Friendly Market Research) class ... all we learn is how to fool people into buying a particulatar product. And questionnaires and surveys are some amazzing analyzing tools which ask people ' HOW THEY CAN BE FOOLED INTO BUYING A PRODUCT ??'
A great example for this is DOVE SOAP , which , on the pretext of reducing the contact area of water and soap so as to reduce wastage of soap due to melting , gave a curved shape to its soap , reducing the overall volume of the soap in the process.And it ws portrayed as a pathbreaking idea while all the company did was to reduce the volume and increase the price.

The best example for this, though, would be POLO - The Mint With A Hole. Even the tagline shouts at peoples faces that it is again reducing its volume by cutting a hole in the tablet. But by the sheer power of marketing , the company was not only able to turn it into a grand success but it made the line - 'A MINT WITH A HOLE' a USP for the product. And to add cherry on top , they released the cut holes as another product too!!

So , no offence to marketing people , but i believe that marketing is just an art of fooling people and Market Research is the art of asking the people how best to fool them!!( No offence to my UFMR sir too...)

That is why , I believe that in today the world needs more and more geeks, who can develop the products he way they were supposed to be and sell them on the basis of their quality, not on the basis of driving the consumer's mind. And when the time comes when 'the world is run by geeks' , it surely will be a better place to live in ."
" APPLE’S IPAD: FOR WHAT AUDIENCE? 
After years of speculation, Apple finally released a tablet computer yesterday called the iPad. There was fanfare! There was rejoicing!

There was also much criticism: everything from it doesn’t have a camera or USB port to it doesn’t support Flash or HDMI out to it doesn’t let you multi-task. In 24 hours we have dozens of reasons why the iPad will fail in the marketplace.

But what if the iPad simply isn’t for the people who are critiquing it? What if the experience the Apple designers have in mind isn’t the one the tech writers and bloggers have been dreaming about for a half-decade? What if you, early-adopter geek fanperson, aren’t actually the target audience?

Humans suffer from a subjective viewpoint. We see the universe with us at the center of it. It’s almost impossible to gauge anything outside of our own desires…when we size up a new gadget such as the iPad we consider first and foremost: “What good is it TO ME?”.

User experience designers, however, cannot long suffer this fate. We must design (and hopefully critique other designs) from a more objective viewpoint.

As our initial subjective viewpoint fades, we might consider the iPad anew. Judging from the videos and early reviews, it makes many common activities very easy such as email, watching videos, and sharing photos. So let’s ask: “Who out there, what market, is this attractive to?”

The iPad is attractive to people for whom a laptop is overkill. Many spouses, parents, siblings, and children in our lives do not use computers in the same way we do. They are likely the primary audience for this device…the people who don’t need single pixel precision but can get by on single finger precision. They may use the iPad in the kitchen, the living room, the bedroom, even the bathroom. But they probably won’t use it in the office…

As designers and critics we must get out of our own head. Subjectivity, our inability to see as others do, can be a cruel master."
"Hand Made! -  It's been really very long since i have hand written a letter to anyone! May be the times have changed too fast. Even on festivals we just do away with SMS or a courtesy call. I wonder how Archies business is going on!

Those were the days when Archies Card could come ""in a very special way"", as the punchline goes and makes you happy! Alas, that was taken by e-card and now just email or SMS.

I think we should once again start this tradition of hand written letters or at least Cards, certain emotions are better expressed in original hand writing.

I had few of the greeting card with me which were given to me long time ago on various occasions and whenever i look at them i go back into the memory lane, and believe me it's a wonderful feeling altogether.    Holi - Festivals of colors
Holi is associated mainly with colors, but for me the association is more then that. The festival reminds me of colors, water balloons, gujiya, papdi+achaar, Kanji Vade to name a few.

I remember my childhood time when we use to play Holi with great enthusiasm. Neighbors use to visit us in  groups and pour color on my parents fully knowing that they are already covered with enuf of it. Sometime they use to color my face as well and i use to run away.

What i do not like is the smell of the colors, it has a pungent smell which i somehow don't like. So most of the time i use to wash my face just after the group was gone.There use to be Pooja at home and then Lunch full of calories. I use to love Aloo kachoris at that time. 

It was great fun until sometime later when the whole perspective changed and the fun element went missing and hence i stopped celebrating Holi. Festivities need to be revisited, on a very high priority basis."
"those 25 minutes of my life!  hi all,
This time i am writing my blog after a long time. Its not that i was out of content. Its just that i was little busy in a lot of stuffs. But this time i am out here to tell you a story that every engineering student tells when moving out from college and being a part of corporate world. That is campus placement.
So TCS was the 1st company to visit the campus as usual. I wasn't willing to take chances so sat for the very 1st company. Aptitude test was a cake walk. 80 min 35 questions. That too all logical and quant. :) :) But people scared me so much about upper cut off that i decided to score around 70 percent to be safe from both upper and lower cut off. One could have easily attempted all 35 questions and revised the paper for at least 5 to 10 min if wanted. But there was no upper cut off this time. When results came out all those who did more than 30 questions got through. I did 26. 25 were absolutely correct and 1 was pure fluke without even solving the question.

Next was the interview. The thing for which i was most under prepared i guess. I didn't even know about revenue, goals and other details of tcs. Some people were mugging those also in the morning before going for interview. I preferred not to take any pressure and thought of going rather blank for the interview. You can think of my preparation by the fact that i took printout of my resume 3 times each time after adding or removing something in my technical skills and area of interests. One more big confusion of being overqualified for the job was already out of my mind after aptitude. Many people first advised me not to mention my all 3 projects in resume but i decided to put them on the 1st page itself. Because i was very comfortable with them. So i thought if my technical interview goes on these then i will be very comfortable. Of all the interviews posted on net that i have ever read so far had been perfect may be people write it only when it goes perfect. Even though mine wasn't a perfect one i still took some courage to write it. So now i take you to those 20 to 25 min that i spent inside the interview room and let me know how will u rate it..............
My resume and form was asked and after 3 to 4 min a lady came. She called me in. I went inside the room and closed the door behind me and sat down on chair comfortably.(good start didn't fumble i thought in my mind) and yes i greeted them good morning before sitting. There were 3 people 2 technical guys and one lady (hr) who wasn't attractive but i am used to of it being in an engineering college(There is a proverb ""all good girls go to heaven and bad ones come to my school"")(exceptions may be there though). They asked my name. I told. Then came the first question. Tell me about yourself. I spoke only for 2 minutes. A nice full toss i missed. ( dam me why didn't i speak much. I spoke for 5 to 6 minute when my room mate once asked me same question one day acting as interviewer. )
They tried to ease me by asking how do i feel here. About language problem and food problem they asked. I had to somewhat lie for this question and said people here also speak hindi sometimes( now how many times i have met someone speaking hindi in tamilnadu :)). i like the culture. Food and language are also not a problem. I also added here people are like this that blah blah...... I don't think i ever lied so beautifully ever before. By seeing their faces on this answer i could tell they were not south Indians as they were not overwhelmed. Then he picked my resume and turned to page 2 of it. He asked Why haven't you written Java in your programming skills(i wrote C,C++ and C#.NET). I explained that i know it but i am not very comfortable with it. So he asked 3 to 4 questions from java. Out of them 1 i couldn't answer properly but he was satisfied so moved on to what i had written in my resume. I answered every question very well except one. He asked me what is the difference between c and c++. I don't know what was going wrong with me. Again another full toss and i missed. I told only about how classes work and how structural programming works. Didn't use words like data encapsulation, inheritance etc. Then they came to area of interest in that i had written game design. He asked why have you written this. I explained him that i like computer games a lot and so i thought why not to design one by myself. So i got the chance to explain my project and what was the idea behind it and everything. I told him that i got first prize in Microsoft for this project. They asked a lot of questions on this project. All of them i answered very well.(some of them were very good exaggerated stories). They were impressed. Then he asked me what was the problem i faced in this project. I told them that as it was a strategy game i had to make it very interesting and throw a lot of challenges for players to enjoy it. Again they were impressed by my way of expressing. But one silly question i couldn't answer. My game was on bhopal gas tragedy. So he asked what was the name of the gas released in that tragedy. (f**k..... i was searching this on wikipedia one night before the interview but couldn't see because college wifi was very slow. college wifi sucks i thought.)
They saw other projects and asked some questions on them. I answered very well i believe. Finally they asked what was the thing i learned from these projects. I told them while doing these projects i realized that if we do the analysis and designing part sensibly then we can save a lot of time and work. I explained them how and this one was somewhat right also. ( some times you can speak truth also in interview :P).
So finally my technical interview was over. Now the lady who was observing me from past 15 min spoke for second time. (first she asked in between weather i do these projects by myself or are they part of curriculum. hobby projects of course :)) she asked a lot of questions about me being posted this part or that part of the country. i said i will work anywhere. I thought of saying i can work even outside India but then i thought it would be being over smart. So i kept quite. Then when everything was almost over she asked you are very soft spoken is it because of interview nervousness or you are normally like that. I fell for this one and said I am normally like that. Now she started some chin music and i couldn't have dozed those bouncers as i agreed that i am soft spoken. She said i wouldn't be able to survive in the company and take work out of other people. ( now the only thing i could have done was to hit those bouncers out of the park and that is what i did.) i explained her that how being soft spoken has helped me a lot in my life with some examples. I told her that what all i have done and how i have been part of organizing body of some events and how i have managed to win some prizes on stage performances. They asked some questions on whatever i said. ( i actually made up for that tell me about yourself by telling everything about me in this). She asked me if i faced any problem during organizing these events. I made one nice fake problem and told how i managed to solve it. ( good story in no time i was impressed by myself :P). They were also impressed thinking it to be true one. So they were happy in the end. I too was happy. I boosted every candidate on my way to exit. I never took the smile out of my face during the interview and was at high energy level. :)
So this is how my interview went. After coming out i thought it could have gone much better and i believe it was 60 to 70 percentage of what I should have done. But still if anyone gives his 60 to 70 percentage in an interview it would always be a decent shot.
Next day when after final selection i called home. ( i didn't tell anyone in home before about placement etc until i got placed ;)). Everyone at home was happy for me. My mom asked which one is the next company. I told infosys then my mom said why did you sit for this company then. You should have waited for infosys or waited until someone even better comes. I couldn't stop myself from laughing. :))"
Fed up of apologising for not blogging in a while, so i won't. Apologise. Unless you consider that non-apology as an acknowledgement of the need for an apology, and thus an apology in all but the word. Anyway, where was i? Oh,yeah... Over there... *walks to other side of the room, where i was* ...much better. Now that i'm back where i was when i was there, i can write something interesting for you to read with your bodily reading utensils (eyes, mind etc.) Today's funky topics, suggested by folk from that bird-based, social-networking site are Creme eggs, Clockwork Robots and Toe-Jam. So in no particular order (easiest to splurge first) i'll start with Toe-Jam. Toe-Jam and Earl was a video game from the olden days, and was delightfully mental. I liked it at the time, but recently i played it and it was shit. There, that was one of them there video game nostalgic reviews that you can find anywhere on t'internet. I give it a nostalgic shit rating of 3.72/14
"visit to school Having been invited(to light the inaugural candle) to the first alumni meet of my school(where I lived from std VI to XII) I eventually made up mind to visit my school(St Basil's School, Basti).Time has always been the biggest inventor of the things, and it did so.There wan't a wall that did not get metamorphed!Right from the Principal's room to the overlooked things such as toilets had changed-changed for the better.A new building had been raised adjcent to the existing main building; and it served as boys hostel.The playground had faded rudiments of the cricket pitch(that used to shine vibrantly in our age).The grass did eat the pitch up thereby announcing that the new generation is no more a fanatic of Cricket, and a good basketball courts speaks of the interest of this generation.

There stood a permanent open stage right at the spot where we used to make temporary ones at each festive occasions(be it a youth festival, sports day, annual functions...).In our time we used be the labelled labours[taking benches out to the grounds, making stage by tying them together and bringing them back to the respective classrooms in the same order!]The permanent stage is a good substitute but I feel it had killed something! ;the joy of escaping from the class legally and doing an odd job between those cranky gossips while sweating badly under the torrid sun!

I opened a classroom labelled ""Std VII-A""(that infact used to be Std-XII 6 and a half years ago) and sat on the last but one bench of the middle row-my bench for it still bore my name that I carved with my 'divider(a geometry instrument)' on its right up corner.The handwriting is ofcourse bad when you try hard to represent yourself in the hard wood.A look at the black board made me remember of the faces that had taught me assortedly about this world.I could hear echoes of
Mr. James(our English Teacher) saying ""To be or not to be is the question..."" while he quoted intricacies of Hamlet's intellect,
Mr. Jaychandran(our teacher for Physics) saying ""...the euations of magnetic fields are similar to those of electric fields except for..."",
Mr. Jose explaining ""...the methodology of ion detection tests have been based on the solubility product..."", Mr. Sanjay while caressing his silky hairs ""find out the correlation for this distribution and verify..."" and so on and so forth.

Later I met with many of those faces; and I must admit that time did fail to change a few of them.Mrs Inan(our English Grammar teacher upto Class X) had exactly the same number of wrinkles she had seven years ago; Mr. Davis(our teacher for History upto Class X) was dressed in a shirt of same taste he had seven years ago;Who says you cannot travel back into the time!!

Then the friends, each of whom was already in some or the other flow of life(as decided by the individual destinies), with some antagoism disappeared while some mutual suspicion getting involuntarily introduced into the minds of the people who had seen each other after a long long break.

~shall continue further."
" No gay governor in South Carolina

They'd rather have the corrupt guy stay in power:
""We can't impeach for hypocrisy. We can't impeach for arrogance. We can't impeach an officeholder for his lack of leadership skills,"" said Rep. James Harrison, the Columbia Republican who headed the panel.
Can't impeach hypocrisy? Well, at least Andre Bauer is safe.

By: Michael Rogers | permanent link |   
Comments (12)
It may shock you to learn...


...that an anti-gay pol has been caught in a sex scandal:
Detective Bethany McDermott's affidavit says Jetton went to the woman's home around 9 p.m. Nov. 15 with two bottles of wine, which he allegedly opened alone in her kitchen. After drinking some of the wine and watching football, the statement said, the victim ""began ‘fading' in and out and remembered losing consciousness several times.""

The affidavit says Jetton and the alleged victim agreed on a safe word - ""green balloons"" - that could be used to stop sexual relations during the evening.
One of BlogActive's biggest fans pointed out that I should have included this snippet from an article in the Kansas City Star:
Instead, the affidavit says, Jetton hit her on the face and choked her before engaging in intercourse. Jetton allegedly said, ""You should have said 'green balloons,' before leaving her home the next morning.
Upodate 2: Good. He should pay a price. BREAKING: Jetton to close doors of consulting firm.

By: Michael Rogers | permanent link |   
Comments (5)
Sunday, December 06, 2009

Charlie's Angels?


Florida governor’s child health recording directed callers to sex chat line:
In spite of government claims to the contrary, no horny girls are standing by to help your child get health insurance.

It's a state-sponsored blooper for the ages: for two months, a recording by Florida Governor Charlie Crist played when parents called KidCare to get advice on health policies for their children. In the audio, Crist gave a number to call for more information. As it happened, that number was a little off.

Instead of details on child health care, callers were redirected to this: 'Hey there, sexy guy. Welcome to an exciting new way to go live, one on one, with hot, horny girls waiting right now to talk to you.'"
"birth-day :)  Had a great b'day :) Got many surprises and many gifts :) Am utterly grateful to everyone who wished me today :) But a poem written by Arnav, a dear friend of mine stands out :)  My poem is about Siddharth....
What a sad start to this ode!!
Siddharth is....I'm mad
I'm taking the wrong road!!

I scratch my head and rack my brains
as I look to start this complimenting
but the right words just don't come out
now... Oh! that's the perfect starting

Words are less to describe this man
who downloads many a movie, makes many a plan.
He's devoted to AOL, smart on the street
enjoys blogging as well as many a tweet

His ambitions are unknown, but weaknesses are
His success could be rare, but knowledge spread far
messages are sweet & salty, SJ's are a pain
So he does to irritate, or for other's gain

Great is character, soft at heart
His friends are near but wide and far apart
The smile might not look good at all
But he's worthy to be friends with and give a call

On the day of birthday No. 21
I'd want him to enjoy, have loads of fun
No matter what he might do today
No one forgets the ""Siddharth Jain"" way

love,
Siddharth"
I checked the traffic ahead through the portion of the windshield of the auto which was not covered with Rajni stickers. I was precariously holding on to the dozen plastic bags full of cheap clothing accessories I had bought from Ranganathan Street. “Shit! The traffic is too heavy. I hate Chennai for this.”  As I completed the statement a truck moved close to the auto releasing sooty smoke into the cramped interior of the auto. I strained hard to close my nose with my palm without losing hold on any of the bags.  “Shall I hold some of them?” Sheela offered. I handed over a couple of bags, and checked her face in the rear view mirror of the auto. Beads of perspiration were flowing down her forehead, wetting the sandal in the center. But unlike my weary face, her countenance showed no signs of impatience or irritation.  “Do you need to go home urgently?”  “Not really. But this traffic and pollution is too much to bear.”  She kept looking out of the window at the passing vehicles like a foreign tourist admiring the ethnic beauty of the place.  I looked at the auto driver’s face on the rear view mirror and noted that he too was thoroughly irritated with the traffic and felt some solace for having someone equally irritated with the circumstances.  I turned to see if Sheela was done with admiring the traffic and realized she would never stop. I had met her in the T Nagar bus stop, waiting for a Besant Nagar bus just like me. After seeing the buses overly crowded, she asked if we could share an auto ride. “How is your new job?”  “Well, it is no longer new, but it is good. What about you? Did you … er…”  “Yeah… I got a job. I am a junior accountant at a financing firm.”  “Oh cool… I felt guilty the other day when you said you missed your interview.”  “Hey you don’t have to feel guilty. I might not have gotten selected after all. I don’t regret anything at all.” “It is rare to see someone who doesn’t regret anything.”
When I took a vacation last week around Europe a little bit, there was one thing that really hit me hard. How can I have bosses who wish more for my personal well being than whether I am of “good use” or not? Why am I saying this?  Mr. Boss 1 called to check if I was having a good time more than once during the last 10 days. Second, he gave me his car and also some good advice about why certain things happen certain ways (more spice to those who know it  ) and during the whole time never did we talk about work, or the deliverables that were on my plate (which I did manage to finish before leaving although not sure if he was aware of it). And when my CEO actually sent me a message saying, “enjoy your vacation…”, although I never really did a big bonanza with a project or anything before I actually took the vacation, it tells a lot about motivation and leadership. And I wonder how these guys can be who they are, be great personal friends and still be the whipping task masters if they want to. You guys at Result are simply too good to be true. Looking forward to do more cool things as always :)
"Somewhere.. Somewhere, a kid is dying of hunger, and I just binned a huge slice of half eaten pizza..  A couple is looking at their new born with immense pride n hope, and I didn't pick my dad's call today for no reason..
The angels are putting a mad dog to sleep, and I shooed away a cat deep in slumber on my parked bike..
There's a girl being sexually exploited, and I'm secretly searching the net for new mms..
A clerk mechanically readies himself for another grueling week of mindless work, and I'm crying out coz nobody can understand my masterpiece..
A boy is celebrating his birthday with a candle but no cake, and I've already spent half of my salary treating friends..
A farmer is ecstatic coz its raining, and I curse the skies, for I have to wash my drying clothes again..
A woman has already started her long walk to fetch a litre of drinking water, and I just watered the plants with Bisleri coz the normal water tap is too far..
A man is in huge financial debt, and I'm filming red ants pouncing on a dying cockroach..
Someone is wishing he had more time, and I've taken almost half an hour just to decide what to wear for the evening..
Luck is not favouring the brave, and I'm sitting on my ass waiting for things to happen..
Another person is dying of H1N1, and I think I'm naturally immune to every disease..
Faith is keeping alive a woman stuck under the debris after an earthquake for 2 days now, and I'm thinking a pilgrimage is just bullshit business..
A mother feels proud on hearing her son has become a martyr, and I'm trying to put forth a theory that war is just a gimmick by governments..
A whole village is celebrating a girl's marriage, and I'm trying to convince a girl the word 'family honour' doesn't exist, just so I could sleep with her..
A guy is saying to himself 'miles to go before I sleep', and I'm already ruing waking up on monday morning for work..
We're all so dark, funny, stupid people..committing the same bloody mistakes each waking moment..

When will we learn?.."
" Snow started falling as I went to bed on Sunday night. Although doubtful that it'd lie, I set the alarm on my new 'phone for extra early o'clock. I woke to an odd light, the bedroom walls gently bathed in soft yellow sodium streetlamp diffused by and reflected off a thick layer of white. Pure white, blanketing everything. The other thing that was noticeable, at first almost subliminally, was the hush, a muffling of the usual distant London traffic roar.

Transport for London was all blue Suspended and Severe delays but my route to work seemed just about doable. So I piled on my heaviest sheepskin jacket, gloves, hat and boots and headed out.

8am South London was as I've never seen it before. My street was near-deserted, only a handful of sets of footprints breaking the ankle-depth white. No cars or buses. The sky was television static grey with a hint of yellow, promising more snow. Walking between half-submerged vehicles, with no-one else around, I got a flash of Cormac McCarthy's The Road and fancied myself sole survivor of a frostbound nuclear winter. Drama queen."
"Its me!!!! - Hi everyone, welcome to my Scrible Pad!!!

Hope you had a great day!!!

Well 'Scrible Pad' is a blog which talks about random topics ranging from what i did today to some of the most interesting materials i found and it can range from an interesting article to a piece of information which might(or might not)be of use to us. Or something fun.....
Its basically my Scribling pad...Will upload a lot of pictures from my own design galery and other sources as well. BTW did i tell ya that i am a designer? so now you know how much i love fashion, graphics, prints, colors, bags and shoes and I LUV 'DOLCE & GABANA' and few more..blah blah blah, the list goes on. 

Well there you go, so Dig in guys and find youself nowhere but right here with me in my world of chaos, beauty, glamour, boredom, expectations, ambitions, bitching sessions, shoes, Bags, citys and much more...so to say 'Expect the Unexpected'...

Yippeee!!! Have fun guys :)!!!"
"holiday season…   hello guys,
this post is intended for mature audiences, reader discretion advised. 

(its just a line i picked up watching videos at HULU.com, endlessly, they have a lotta free vids, some sitcoms, nude clips, completely legal, very boring movies and so on and so forth. that should tell you what i've been doing)...

people, what happened to the world we wanted to live in, no, we thought we wanted to live in anyways, i cant find one person who says life rocks, and i'm pretty sure this is not because of just the ""winter blues"". i mean i am so bored, i am practically trying to find out the luminosity of the light bulb in my room so that i can maybe attribute my dull and lazy attitude to it. or counting how many hair are stuck to my blanket (i said reader discretion advised, vide supra, if you think that was grose, watch out), looking forward to that laundry basket to fill up so that i can have reason to go down and wash my clothes (which is not gonna happen cuz i have many underwears and i dont do anything to make my clothes dirty), also looking forward to get some more groceries (which i did the last time i wrote) and so on and so forth. 

a part of the reason, apart from my immense boredom, why i am writing this is that i am sick of discussing problems to my friends, who inescapably feel bad after i miserify them and want to do anything to make me feel better, sick of discussing girlfriend issues cuz nobody has one, and sick of finding reasons for it, which leads to some spirited discussions but m sick of that too, sick of planning ahead to go to a club and then cancelling because the cab company wont pick up the phone, sick of sitting in front of my laptop all day looking for some good movie to download, and waiting for it to download, sick of the buffering time taken by watchthesimpsonsonline.com, which gives my laptop all sorts of adwares but i still go and visit it, no hammer it, till i find an episode that is working fine. sick of eating raman noodle soup (creamy chicken flavour) for breakfast, lunch and dinner with same old set of vegetables and same old flavour, sick of the right arrow key on my laptop thats not working properly and feel free to add on...

if i was a drug addict, i'd have attributed these symptoms to it, but i know that thats not true, so there is nothing wrong with me. its the world thats goin insane...

and oh, this is when i have another 2 weeks of holidays...

enough... i'm gonna get a life, soon...

time to buy some booze i guess..."
" AVR Programming on Mac

Huge thanks to Dennis Clark for guidance and setting me on this path in the first place!!!

Updated Feb 28, 2010 for Mac OS X 10.5 ""Leopard"" and OS X 10.6 ""Snow Leopard""

Yes, you can program your AVR-based Orangutan with your Mac! I'm using a Pololu Orangutan LV-168 to control Pokey the robot and programming it with the Pololu USB programmer. Works great! I recently updated the AVR toolchain / programming environment on my Intel-based MacBook running OS X 10.5 ""Leopard"" and so I've updated this article. Here's the play by play.

Step 1.0: AVR Toolchain

The toolchain software needed to program your AVR includes the following:
avr-binutils
avr-gcc
avr-libc
avrdude
simulavr
I suggest obtaining the tools in the form of CrossPack for AVR from Objective Development. It will support the new Orangutan library (libpololu-avr) and the new ATmega328P-based controllers.  The latest version of CrossPack AVR as of this writing is 2010-01-15 and includes avr-gcc 4.3.3, avr-libc 1.6.7, avrdude 5.8, and simulavr 0.9. It's based on WinAVR 20100110. The old Mac OS X AVR is no longer available and MacPorts' avr toolchain is a couple years out of date.

The CrossPack AVR suite comes as a disk image with a Mac package installer.  It's a matter of opening the disk image then double-clicking the package and going through the prompts.  Tremendously simple, way more so than MacPorts ever was. Both avrdude and simulavr are also included. Neato!

Incidentally if you see the following error (compiling with the new Pololu library), it is most likely because you're running a version of avr-gcc that is too old (4.0.2 in my case):
main.o: In function `main':
main.c:(.text+0xa): undefined reference to `serial_set_mode'
main.c:(.text+0x16): undefined reference to `serial_set_baud_rate'
main.c:(.text+0x3c): undefined reference to `serial_send'
main.c:(.text+0x44): undefined reference to `delay_ms'
main.o: In function `serial_get_next_line':
main.c:(.text+0x50): undefined reference to `serial_get_received_bytes'
The new versions included in CrossPack AVR will make the above errors go bye-bye.

Step 1.1: Configuring Your Environment

CrossPack AVR installs in the directory /usr/local/CrossPack-AVR.You'll want to set up some environment variables to make sure everything works properly when you compile the libpololu-avr libraries.

First, edit your ~/.profile and add /usr/local/CrossPack-AVR/bin: to your PATH environment variable in front of /opt/local/bin or wherever your old avr-gcc was installed. Like this:
export PATH=/usr/local/CrossPack-AVR/bin:/opt/local/bin:/opt/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/local/sbin:$PATH
While we're at it, let's set up the MANPATH too.
export MANPATH=/usr/local/CrossPack-AVR/man:/usr/local/man:/opt/local/man:/sw/man:/usr/share/man:$MANPATH
And, we'll want to set up the C include path.
export C_INCLUDE_PATH=/usr/local/CrossPack-AVR/include:$C_INCLUDE_PATH
We could try to set up the LIBRARY_PATH but the CrossPack AVR linker seems to ignore this environment variable.

Close your current shell and open a new shell window for these changes to take effect. 

Step 1.2 Enable ATmega328P Support

You can skip this step if you don't plan to program an ATmega328P MCU.  The version of avrdude that comes with CrossPack-AVR doesn't support the ATmega328P out of the box so you need to edit the config file and add a section defining it.  This link describes the process. Edit /usr/local/CrossPack-AVR/etc/avrdude.conf and add the text in this link at the end of the file.

Step 2.0: Pololu Software

You'll need to download the Orangutan USB programmer drivers as well as the new library for Orangutan controllers (libpololu-avr) from Pololu's website.
CP2102 drivers for Mac OS X (Orangutan USB Programmer driver)
libpololu-avr, the Pololu Orangutan Library
The drivers come as a .dmg disk image file.  Download the disk image and open it. After the disk image mounts, double-click the ""Pololu Installer"" icon and follow the directions from there. You'll need to restart your computer when the installation is done.

If you are using a different programmer, you'll have to follow the manufacturer's instructions for getting it ready to use for downloading code.

The Pololu library comes as a ZIP archive.  After you download and unzip libpololu-avr into some convenient directory, you'll need to edit its Makefile to specify where to install the includes and static libraries.  The section of the Makefile you're looking for talks about setting INCLUDE_POLOLU and LIB.  When you're done that section should look like this:
# You can override this behavior by inserting a line below that manually
# sets INCLUDE_POLOLU and LIB to a directory of your choice.
# For example, you could uncomment these lines:
#   LIB := /usr/lib/avr/lib
#   INCLUDE_POLOLU := /usr/lib/avr/include
LIB := /usr/local/CrossPack-AVR/lib
INCLUDE_POLOLU := /usr/local/CrossPack-AVR/include/pololu
Optionally, you can compile the Pololu library from scratch using the command  make clean to wipe everything and then make to recompile using CrossPack AVR's avr-gcc 4.3.3.

Next, install the libraries with the command sudo make install. Enter your password when prompted.

The compilation succeed with no errors.  (Note, version 4.0.2 gave me numerous errors and warnings compiling these libraries as mentioned above).

Step 3.0 Configuring AVR Makefiles

Let's try compiling one of the Pololu examples that come with libpololu-avr. Before we can do that, we have to edit the Makefile.  You'll need to do this with any Makefile you create.

First, we need to fix the linker's search path. As mentioned the linker ignores the LIBRARY_PATH environment variable, so edit the Makefile to add the CrossPack AVR directory to the library search path. Set (or add to) the LIBDIRS variable, which is used to list -L switches which add the specified path to the linker's search path.
LIBDIRS = -L/usr/local/CrossPack-AVR/lib
To include the MCU-specific library, you'd use, for example, -lpololu_atmega168 (or whatever MCU you have) when linking objects together.  Set (or add to) the LIBS variable: 
LIBS = -lpololu_$(MCU)
Find (or add) the MCU assignment to specify the device (atmega168, atmega328P, etc)
MCU = atmega168
Instead, if there's a DEVICE specified, make that atmega168 (etc).  The example I looked at uses an AVRDUDE_DEVICE set to m168.  Note that the CrossPack-AVR avrdude will recognize the device atmega168 so you can simplify your project makefiles by using a single variable (like MCU) for both the avr-gcc and avrdude command lines.

Now that you have all the preliminaries set up, time to ensure that the linking command includes the LIBS and LIBDIRS variables. Add $(LIBDIRS) and $(LIBS) to your link command in the correct order, LIBDIRS first, LIBS second, appearing after the list of objects, like this:
##Link
$(TARGET): $(OBJECTS)
         $(CC) $(LDFLAGS) $(OBJECTS) $(LINKONLYOBJECTS) $(LIBDIRS) $(LIBS) -o $(TARGET)
The order of command line flags is really important.  You must first list your object file, then list the library directory, then list your library, as above. If you list the library first and the search path second you'll probably see an error like this:

/usr/local/CrossPack-AVR-20100115/lib/gcc/avr/4.3.3/../../../../avr/bin/ld: cannot find -lpololu_atmega168
Make sure the avrdude command is correct (we'll revisit this momentarily), something like this:

    avrdude -q -p $(MCU) -P $(SERIAL) -c avrispv2 -e -U flash:w:$(PROJECT).hex

or like this:
$(AVRDUDE) -p $(AVRDUDE_DEVICE) -c avrisp2 -P $(PORT) -U flash:w:$(TARGET).hex
The variable SERIAL or PORT should be defined in the Makefile as /dev/tty.Pololu.

Also, be sure your Makefiles are using the correct avr-gcc.  Just specify avr-gcc as the compiler with no path:
CC=avr-gcc
Then make sure that the CrossPack AVR version of avr-gcc is in your path via the command which avr-gcc and if not, did you set up the path variable correctly from Step 1.1?  Did you open a new shell window?

One other thing. If you compile and link the static pololu library but you aren't using all the functions, then you're adding a lot of unnecessary code onto your AVR that is doing nothing but taking up space. To tell the linker to prune out everything except what's actually used, add the option -Wl,-gc-sections to your LDFLAGS like so:

LDFLAGS+=-Wl,-gc-sections
Here's what I got when I did all of the above then compiled the libpololu-avr's lcd1 test program:

$ pwd
/Users/mes/Documents/Robot/src/libpololu-avr/examples/atmega168/lcd1
$ ls
Makefile    lcd1.aps    test.c
$ make
avr-gcc -g -Wall -mcall-prologues -mmcu=atmega168 -Os   -c -o test.o test.c
avr-gcc -g -Wall -mcall-prologues -mmcu=atmega168 -Os test.o -Wl,-gc-sections -L/usr/local/CrossPack-AVR/lib -lpololu_atmega168 -Wl,-relax -o test.obj
avr-objcopy  -R .eeprom -O ihex test.obj test.hex
rm test.obj
Step 4.0: Programming the Orangutan AVR

You're ready to download some code to your Orangutan! Here's Pololu's user guide entry on using avrdude with their USB serial programmer (on Windows): http://www.pololu.com/docs/0J6?view_all=1#5.d

The correct command should already be set up in the Makefile for the Pololu library examples and the demo program. You should be able to simply issue the command make program. For what it's worth, the avrdude command should look something like this:

avrdude -p atmega168 -P /dev/tty.Pololu -c avrispv2 -e -U flash:w:test.hex

The argument following the -p is the part number and should be atmega168 (or m168), atmega48 (m48), etc.  Note that this version of avrdude doesn't support the atmega328P out of the box, see Step 1.2 after which you can specify atmega328p (m328p) as a part. The argument following the -P is the serial port; On Mac OS X, do an ls of /dev/tty* and you will see the Pololu serial device driver of your Orangutan USB programmer (it should be /dev/tty.Pololu). The programmer ID is specified using the -c option and should be avrispv2. The -e option results in a chip erase and the -U option is used for writing, reading, or verifying flash, EEPROM, fuses, or lock bits. In this example we are using -U to write test.hex to flash.

Running make program with the programmer plugged in but without plugging it into the Orangutan, or leaving the Orangutan off, you will see flashy red/green lights as the software attempts to find the AVR, then:
$ make program
avrdude -q -p atmega168 -P /dev/tty.Pololu -c avrispv2 -e -U flash:w:servo.hex

avrdude: stk500v2_command(): command failed
avrdude: stk500v2_command(): unknown status 0xc9
avrdude: stk500v2_program_enable(): cannot get connection status
avrdude: initialization failed, rc=-1
         Double check connections and try again, or use -F to override
         this check.


avrdude done.  Thank you.

make: *** [program] Error 1
If you plug in and turn on the Orangutan, the program should be written into the MCU's flash memory. Note that the avrdude command includes the -q option which suppresses the progress indicator hashmarks.  Use this switch when using Emacs.
$ make program
avrdude -q -p atmega168 -P /dev/tty.Pololu -c avrispv2 -e -U flash:w:servo.hex

avrdude: AVR device initialized and ready to accept instructions
avrdude: Device signature = 0x1e9406
avrdude: erasing chip
avrdude: reading input file ""servo.hex""
avrdude: input file servo.hex auto detected as Intel Hex
avrdude: writing flash (7944 bytes):
avrdude: 7944 bytes of flash written
avrdude: verifying flash memory against servo.hex:
avrdude: load data flash data from input file servo.hex:
avrdude: input file servo.hex auto detected as Intel Hex
avrdude: input file servo.hex contains 7944 bytes
avrdude: reading on-chip flash data:
avrdude: verifying ...
avrdude: 7944 bytes of flash verified

avrdude: safemode: Fuses OK

avrdude done.  Thank you.


Step 5.0: Integrated Development Environment

Now that you can compile code and download compiled binaries, you need to be able to write code so you need an editor or IDE. But... which editor to choose?

Emacs
I have been an Emacs geek for 20 years (yikes, I'm old!) so needless to say it is my Integrated Development Environment (IDE) of choice. But it is all text-based. Yes, it is an IDE; you can make / compile code, step through errors, run software, and do anything else you can think of (since it is programmable), all within the editor. It is fast and very lightweight (thanks to Moore's Law).

It's old school, but if you learn it well it's quick to use (hey kids, you may not remember the days before menus and mouses, but there are some things that are much faster using keyboard shortcuts). Here's a reference card with emacs key combinations: http://www.geek-girl.com/emacs/refcard.html. 

Fortunately, you'll find emacs on your Mac but working with many files at once is challenging. Instead, may I suggest you try my preference, Aquamacs, a try: It's Emacs with an Aqua interface. It's quite decent and it puts each file (module, header, etc.) in a separate OS X window. I found this tool really improved my productivity -- and protected my sanity. 

Configuring Emacs is pretty simple. To make it as useful as possible, I set up the ability to compile programs within Emacs, as well as stepping through compile errors, by editing / creating the .emacs preferences file to include the following key bindings:

(global-set-key ""\C-xc"" 'compile)
(global-set-key ""\C-xn"" 'next-error)

Xcode
Another option is the Xcode editor. David Beck's Blog has some good information in setting up an Xcode project template with CrossPack-AVR. 

Eclipse
And still another option is to use Eclipse, a fantastic, popular, open source, java-based, GUI IDE. It's a pretty big application, takes a while to launch on slower systems, but it is extremely flexible, very nice to use, and powerful. They offer a version with C/C++ plugins that you'll probably want to use for AVR.

One of the folks in a local Colorado robotics club, Dennis Clark, has configured Eclipse to handle both the coding and downloading/programming for AVR. I have the plugins installed but would like to configure it to program the AVR at the press of a button as Dennis did. Still working on this.


That's All

So there you are. If you go through the above you should be good to go in programming your AVR, whether an Orangutan like I'm using, or whatever else. Happy AVR programming!

Big thanks to Mike Seeman's guide on AVR software for Mac. It's a good guide and you should have a peek. Since I needed to get my environment set up for the Orangutan anyway, I wanted to document the experience and provide an updated, simpler guide using MacPorts, in case it helps someone out there, someday."
" Identity Theft
Posted by Scott on Mar 15, 2010 in Marketing
Identity theft is something you always hear about that happens to other people. Well it’s happening to you right now and or you are doing it to someone else. I’m talking about a different kind of identity theft… Your businesses identity! Who is trying to make their business look and act just like yours? Or who are you trying to steal their identity? Who are you and your business and what do you want to be? I think many of us are in an identity crisis right now. Are you taking daily actions that are in-line with your identity? Never loose track of what you want to be. Photographers in your area will try to copy, impersonate, or just learn from your creativity. Now I have a lot of great local friends that are photographers and we respect each other. But some people with cameras have no morals or boundaries. The best advice I can give you is that that you should be flattered when people copy you…. Aww bull shit you should be pissed… Pissed enough to step up your game and make it harder for them to copy you next time. I don’t need to sugar coat life’s lessons like your momma did, make it light your fire.
Identity crisis – is your business suffering from one? Most photographers are. Don’t try and be everything to everyone! Jack of all trades and master of none is very true all of the time! We even struggle with identity problems and the new studio is helping us look closer at the future that we want for our business. Boutique is a hot industry phrase but we are evolving into a newer version of an upscale portrait studio of the modern world. What would have been considered an upscale studio 10yrs ago is not the same look and environment that it would have today. “Modern” look is part of out identity and something that we will continue to push towards. Art and products are really a part of the modern look. Before I go to far into our struggles with identitiy… I think you should take a snapshot of your business and really see what your identity is. Not just a purdy picture of your entry, look at all of your marketing, clients, bank account, schedule, etc… Who are you and what is is the image that you business is really portraying? And to top it all off “what makes you different than your competition”?
 
76
votes
Buzz up!
 
2
Not to shabby….
Posted by Scott on Mar 14, 2010 in Marketing
I had that family session today (Sunday) for a good client.  I knew it would be worth it.. They bought 2 gallery wrap wall portraits and a framed one,  plus an ablum, and 25 gift prints.  Cha-Ching not enough for college for the kids but at least enough to get them into a trade school.       I still hate working on Sundays but sometimes I need to put the business first.  I think I worked 3 Sundays this year but just for a couple of hours on each.  Ideally I would never do it, but if I want to claim to have great customer service I need to go above and beyone for a few special people.  However Sundays have a large minimum deposit required… You have to pay to play with me on my day off!
 
76
votes
Buzz up!
 
2
Why am I pumped up?
Posted by Scott on Mar 13, 2010 in Marketing
With out sounding like Hans and Frans I am pumped up about the p90x.  Tonight will be day 4 and I actually can’t wait to do it.  I’m feeling good and I already did my 3mi run this morning, most of the soreness is at least bearable today LOL    I’m glad it’s going good so far.  I wonder how any days most people complete in a program like this before quitting?  My guess is less than 10 days but probably closer to 5.  Watch out for that first day missed, that’s where it all starts to go to hell in a hand-basket….You miss the first day and then two and then two turns to a week and bam you fell off the proverbial wagon.  How much like real life is that?  Something you want to do, or need to do and you start doing it and then you just let it all slip away….  Feel free to call me out if you don’t read about it for a day because I do plan on at least mentioning it on here.  I know some of you are starting it right along with us make sure you keep up posted.  Anyway day 4 is Yoga I think…. Maybe I should make a charity video of that performance…. NOT~!"
" Ok, let’s change our API in the places necessary to make the phone consistent with our other platforms.

But breaking changes are expensive. Having gone three years without any major breaks, we felt this was a good time to introduce an inflection point, cleaning up our act and setting ourselves up for the future. But we also felt it was important that this be a one time thing. Breaking changes every three years may be ok, but every year, or every six months, most certainly would not. If we’re going to break it, let’s break it good, taking all the pain in one go so we don’t have to break again for many years to come.

So, we took the opportunity provided by the phone to also reduce those nagging Windows vs. Xbox inconsistencies.

We also used this opportunity to improve usability, applying our three years of experience to look at which things cause the most confusion for our customers, and tweaking these APIs to reduce the chance of error.

Finally, we gazed deep into our crystal ball in an attempt to predict the future. This failed miserably (sadly, it turns out I am not psychic at all :-) so instead I made some guesses. XNA Game Studio 4.0 sits on top of DirectX 9 on both Windows and Xbox 360, and we have no immediate plans to move to DirectX 10 or 11, but looking years into the future, it seems at least possible we might someday want to do that. DirectX 11 adds some things that are not in DirectX 9, but it also changes and in some cases removes features. Adding features is relatively painless from a compatibility perspective (it’s easy to imagine how a third profile could someday sit alongside Reach and HiDef) but taking things away hurts deep (it would suck if any such third profile could not be a strict superset of HiDef, in the same way that HiDef is a superset of Reach). So we looked at what it would take to implement our API using DirectX 11, and made sure we didn’t include anything that would make this excessively difficult. I am not promising we will ever support DirectX 11, just saying we did some thinking about this and laid some groundwork so if we ever do want it, we can go there without having to break backward compatibility."
Your lips dont move,yet you talk through your mind telepathically.You could even feel your heart beating with a sense of love. The atmosphere now is,calm and tranquil,and ur minds or rather your hearts could communicate effectively,which gives you a feeling that there is no one in this world to seperate you,and a gentle look at the moon is to just show that your love is eternal and perpetual like the moon.The feeling of complacency can also be sensed which indicates that you had thoroughly enjoyed every moment being spent and no longer need anything more in your life...It looks as if the entire sky is there to protect you,and to keep you closer and even more intimate. A drop of tear would make it even more emotional and passionate,indicating the intensity of your love. A candle light dinner is meant to evoke the lost emotions in your hearts,the fire that has lost in the labyrinth of daily routines and hectic work schedules.
When the world was explored, many exotic creatures and cultures were found. Many of them more tolerant and adaptable than those of the first explorers. The men and women of these cultures were different in  customs, behaviour, speech and appearance, and hence became candidates for brutal discrimination. Man against man perpetrated the most inhuman of all crimes. Then arose a cry for equality, from men and women courageous enough to stand up to their oppressors. And then began a battle without. This battle was of little consequence until men and women of all types could set aside their differences and accept their humanity as their first identity, their equality as a matter of course. Slowly, the tides turned. People became more tolerant. And yet the battle was not won. It is not won. Often, equality has been confused with bland conformity, which resulted in socialist and marxist movements. Noble were their ideals and yet, as history has shown, they were doomed to fall. In hindsight, this is obvious, because every man and woman seeks to be different, to stand out from the crowd, to achieve a higher station in society, to be appreciated. 
When I think of the four months after that incident, I feel they were the happiest times in the factory for us. Paarthi became too silent, though he never openly acknowledged what happened that day. He still bossed around people but never came anywhere close to us. I left Johnny at my house and asked father to feed him in the afternoon. Every evening, after work, all six of us would walk to my house. We would play with Johnny for about an hour and then the other kids would walk back home. There were increasingly frequent occasions when the supervisor would leave the factory in the middle of the day and not return for a long time. We would all gather and start chatting idly about various things. The topics varied everyday – sometimes it would be about the latest movies, sometimes about movie stars, sometimes about people in the town, sometimes about our future, sometimes about the fantasies that we think of while working. That day Maari was narrating his dreams. “I want to own a car and drive it through our town, honking loud so that every body comes out to watch the procession. Maybe I would also hit the supervisor with it.” “I would want to buy a large house, like with swimming pool and everything.” Naesappan continued the dream. “And what? Fill it up with half-naked girls?” Mani asked. He usually did not like such talks. “Maybe I will do that too.” Naesappan replied though he did not seem sure of why anyone would want to fill up a swimming pool with naked girls. “Don't start your lecture now about how dreaming is bad.” Maari said with some apparent irritation. “Dreaming is one of the few things we've got here.” Sorna added. “Yes. It is the only thing we've got here. But know that your dreams would never happen. Or we'll end up being more disappointed than we are now.” Mani said.  “Why so? Why can't our dreams happen? We are not going to be in the factory all our lives.” I said.  “Maybe not. But we'd only end up in some other place doing something equally ordinary. Have you ever seen people from our village own cars or houses with swimming pools. Come on. Be practical.”  We all became silent. We all were asking the same question of why such dreams could not happen. It was difficult to digest the fact that we could end up doing such menial work all our lives. Though all of us sensed it, we wanted to still go on believing in the dreams we had. Maari changed the topic before the knot in our throats choked us.
When I was about 15 years old I worked at the Country Club in our small town. One of the grounds keepers would say the same thing every time that I saw him. "Today is history, tomorrow is a mystery."The logic here rings true.. but it was funny as he told me this "mini prayer" almost daily, like it was the first time he was saying it. I would never call him out and say, "Dude, you just told me that yesterday!" I guess that I sensed something was a bit off.. and I'd let him preach his gospel to me based on the inner ramblings of his consciousness. It seemed like he might be getting more out of it than me anyway.The ringing in my ears is due to these same words playing on a constant loop cycle in my brain. After joining EA's Black Box studios here in Vancouver on December 1st. It's just been an onslaught of different trajectories coming at me quick. There is little to nothing that I can say publicly at this point. There are rumors.. certainly lots and lots of rumors. So I will put it this way... Need For Speed will continue...Black Box will continue... and hopefully I will still have a job! The economic outlook means that EA needs to cut costs and overhead. 
" Pokey V2.0


There's talk of another local robotic firefighting competition some time in May or June!

Pokey's defeat in 2008 has nagged at me for the last couple years so time permitting Pokey and I are going to take another crack at it.

Pokey needs a refit and redesign. Here are some of the topic areas I'll be covering in the near future --

-- but first, what won't change?

No Dead Reckoning

You may recall that Pokey does not use dead reckoning. I want to continue with that design philosophy. Pokey relied on wall following and ""events"" to navigate -- the appearance/disappearance, while moving, of walls and floor markers.

Smooth Speed 

Pokey was always intended to be a fast robot. His name comes from the fact that I had to slow him down before the original competition to increase navigation reliability.  I don't want to slow him down further. If anything, I'm hoping to speed up the little fella. Also, Pokey was built to move smoothly and fluidly through the maze and I don't want to change that, either.

Budget

Pokey was intended to be somewhat low buck, with cheap, minimalist solutions preferred over fancier, more expensive ones where possible. I may have to admit defeat in a few areas and throw some more money at the problem, but I still want to come in under the cost of a Lego NXT when all is said and done.

Despite the things that won't change, clearly some changes are needed for Pokey to complete his mission and these things will be the subject of upcoming articles.

Navigation Problems


Thinking it through, most of the navigation problems boil down to poor wall following and failing to execute precise turns.

The wall following system was marginal. It could usually maintain a correct alignment but failed to correct even moderate misalignment. A single wall distance sensor was inadequate given short maze walls and a fast robot. A pair of wall distance sensors on each side should solve several problems at once.

While executing consistent, constant radius turns wasn't too tough, reliably turning to a precise heading was. The trigger to terminate the turn was the distance of the wall that the robot was turning to.  It just didn't work.

I suspect using either a rate gyro or wheel encoders -- just for turning, not dead reckoning! -- would provide more precise heading changes and fluid movement. If I can actually pull it off, be assured you'll hear about it here...

Some robots had success aligning to the regulation door threshold floor stripe. This approach alters the flow of robotic movement as it enters the room, but maybe I can live with it if the gyro and encoder options don't pan out.

Flame Detection Problems

Pokey failed to detect a flame the one time he encountered the candle in the contest.  I ran out of time to really dial in the calibration and software. The sensor itself works ok at closer ranges, poorly at long range.  It's big and heavy, limiting fire suppression system options and making Pokey less nimble.


Picture from superdroidrobots.com of Hamamatsu UVtron


Affording (or justifying the cost of) a UVtron or Eltec Pyroelectric flame sensor -- or a CMUcam or NXTcam vision sensor -- is tough. The AVRcam is more affordable and, apparently, just as capable as these other two vision systems. Or sticking with some form of IR detection is still a possibility.

I'm currently exploring some cheap DIY camera/video options. I really think that's the best way to go since the last contest winner was using an NXTcam and very easily and reliably detected the candle. Not to mention, I could reuse this type of sensor for many other purposes. More on vision in future articles. 

Telemetry

One of the biggest difficulties was that Pokey didn't collect data for later analysis. I never quite knew what the robot was doing from moment to moment. I'm working on using bluetooth-based communication for telemetry reporting and logging. More on this in an upcoming series of articles.

Collision Avoidance

Finally, it'd be nice if the robot could priority override all other functions to prevent head-on wall collisions...

Of course the biggest challenge is time... but at least I don't have to start totally from scratch.
at 7:00 AM 4 comments  

Labels: firefighting, Pokey

Friday, March 5, 2010

Heathkit and Robots

So I fixed up my Heathkit IO-12 oscilloscope and the Heathkit RG-8 frequency generator is next on the to-fix list.  I'm also still working on building the oscilloscope calibrator; it's based on a Heathkit design.

  


Heathkit sold robot kits, too, as you may know.  I remember in college every time I passed the ground floor ECE Building labs, looking in the big windows, being greatly envious of the guys in the lab on the first floor of the ECE Building who got to play with the HERO 1 (as above left).

I guess some of that envy shows in my goofy sketch of Edward Isaac Bot's head, what with the integrated hex programming keypad.  I think it's safe to say that feature would be ditched in a modern verison...

Apparently a Heathkit HE-Robot 2000 is available these days, a rebadged PC-Bot 914 from White Box Robotics. (The picture below is from Retro Thing; presumably they got the pic from the Heathkit site or a news article or something)."
" WSDM 2010: Day 2
February 6th, 2010 by Daniel Tunkelang
Respond

Note: this post is cross-posted at BLOG@CACM.

Unfortunately, I woke up this morning rather under the weather, so I’m having to resort to remotely reporting on the second day of WSDM 2010 conference, based on the published proceedings and the tweet stream.

The day started with a keynote from Harvard economist Susan Athey. Her research focuses on the design of auction-based markets, a topic core to the business of search which largely relies on auction-based advertising models (cf. Google AdWords). Then came a session focused on learning and optimization. One paper proposed a method to learn ranking functions and query categorization simultaneously, reflecting that different categories of queries leads users to have different expectations about ranking. Another combined traditional list-based ranking with pair-wise comparisons between results to separate the results into tiers reflecting grades of relevance. An intriguing approach to query recommendation treated it as an optimization problem, perturbing users’ query-reformulation path to maximize the expected value of a utility function over the search session. Another paper looked not at ranking per se, but rather at improving the quality of training data for using machine learning for ranking. The final paper of the session, which earned a best-paper nomination, modeled document relevance based not on click-through behavior, but rather on post-click user behavior.

The next session was about users and measurement. It opened with another best-paper nominee: a analysis of over a hundred million users to understand how they re-find web content. Another offered a rigorous analysis of the often sloppily presented “long-tail” hypothesis: it found that light users disproportionately prefer content at the head of distribution while heavy users disproportionately prefer the tail. Another log-analysis paper analyzed search logs using a partially observable Markov model, a variant of thehidden Markov model in which not all of the hidden state transitions emit observable events–and compared the latent variables with eye-tracking studies. An intriguing study demonstrated that user behavior models are more predictive of goal success than models based on document relevance. The final paper of the session proposed methods for quantifying the reusability of the test collections that lie at the heart of information retrieval evaluation.

The last session of the day focused on social aspects of search. Two of the papers were concerned with modeling authority and influence in social networks, a problem in which I take a deep personal interest. Another inferred attributes of social network users based on those of other users in their communities (cg. MIT’s Project Gaydar). Another analyzed Flickr and Last.fm user logs to show that users’ semantic similarity based on their tagging behavior is predictive of social links. The final paper tackled the sparsity of social media tags by inferring latent topics from shared tags and spatial information.

Not surprisingly, a disproportionate number of contributors to the conference work at major web search companies, who have both the motivation to improve results and the access to data that is needed for such research. One of the ongoing research challenges for the field is to find ways to make this data available to others while respecting the business concerns of search engine companies and the privacy concerns of their users."
"Sunday Funday!  Got a call from old pal today who wanted to meet me. And since i am not ""Busy"" i agreed! We went to Ambiance Mall, which i guess is one of the biggest Mall in India.

The gentry was beyond expectation, lots to drool on:)) We also did play pool and then came back for Pizza @Dominoes.

In the end it turned out to be good Sunday rather then usual lazy ones!       Long Weekend!
Long weekend approaching yet again and i wasn't prepared as usual. Too many things going and my mind is definitely working overtime so need a break! I checked for available tickets and booked for Dehradun.

It would have been good if i had a company but then i don't want to be in city inspite as well. I am planning to go to Mussorie, a place where i had went during my childhood days once and have some memories to cheer!

Hopefully i would be able to meet Mr. Ruskin Bond who lives there. His stories about Shamli and Dehra are still so fresh. I have absolutely no plans to have any kind of adventure, just want to be there with the nature and sit back and relax.........."
" In the second half of 2009 I picked up the Scholar’s Library: Gold software package from Logos.com.  There are literally thousands of resources available within that package.  It makes a computer nerd like me very happy to be able to study from the comforts of my easy chair with my laptop warming the tops of my legs.  I read three chapters a day and try to do so in the morning before doing anything else.  Currently, I’m working through an Old Testament reading plan from YouVersion.com.  I start by reading an entire chapter.  Once finished with reading the text through, I open up a few different commentaries and read what they have to say.  Then I browse other miscellaneous resources that come with the software.  I’m always learning something interesting.  One recent example: it’s thought that Joshua was a skilled military leader long before taking over for Moses, and likely led the Egyptian army in battles.  Maybe it’s my inner nerd, but I find things like that fascinating.  It paints a more colorful picture when I read about his conquests leading Israel.

“Sometimes you have to watch somebody love something before you can love it yourself. It is as if they are showing you the way.” Indeed, Mr. Miller, indeed.  And so by watching a man love the Bible, and trying to figure out WHY he loves it,  I too have discovered a love for the Bible.  Sometimes I’m frustrated that I can’t find the words to express this properly.  All I can say is, dig into it, and see for yourself."
"single coloured rainbow
Monday, 15 March 2010

you are no more, a vestige hanging in the corners 
of my consciousness. the scent of joy was nothing 
but illusion never existed, a conjuration for oasis 
in storms of desperation. the smile you hung on 
your face, a perfect portrait upon flawless wall; 
like scabbard concealed the ugliness of your soul.

Posted by Takaloy at 23:52 0 comments
Labels: Poetry
Cheap Pine
Saturday, 13 March 2010

It was not until much later during the day that I realised the irony of the title and my predicament. It had not occurred to when I was drinking my favourite four espresso shots ice vanilla latte, on a sunny (to much subjectivity in British terms) Saturday afternoon in my local Starbucks that my colleagues in all the tiresome complexities of office politics, and guy-girl hormones; would perhaps assume, and most definitely make fine gossip of obsession or crush over a Norwegian girl who had just joined the team earlier this week.

It would perhaps, be pathetic and immature to even remotely suggest that any regular decent gentleman (or ruffian) would not be objectively attracted to our new colleague. She, is in fact one of the more attractive people I've had the pleasure to know in my miserable life. I did, perhaps was overly nice to her; but it is part of my nature to all new colleagues. I suppose they would assume I were gay if our new colleague were a guy? My first impression of her was, astonishingly; fear. I am afraid my incompetency in word-smiting cannot adequately describe the emotional stress that bombarded me that day, warning signals flaring in my mind with 'stay away', and 'run'; only to be saved on the grateful knowledge she is engaged. It was a confirmation that I have indeed become caligynephobic.

If there were any women involved in the purchase of Haruki Murakami's Norwegian Wood, it would be from Ireland; not of obsession or crush, but of high opinion on taste. I was not disappointed, and the book was indeed a page turner and it took me a considerable deal of will and with a tiny extra push of my realization of the irony of the title; of one or perhaps four too many of in this sentence.

I would perhaps on a later date write a review when I finish the book, and to which this book will be annoying to carry about in all the unholy opinions that would consult the minds of my colleagues when I carry it in the morning Monday, or should I saw Måndag.

So I lit the fire a fire, isn't it good, Norwegian Wood?"
Another charming incident from the past decade is the time when a teacher in my college said to me, "Don't ask questions in class. You're not supposed to. Even teachers don't know everything". Oh, and the other teacher who answered, "That's not in your syllabus- you don't need to know that. It won't come on the exam". They aren't to blame really. They were a part of a system of education that was in dire need of an overhaul. It was a system of education that was grounded in Victorian values of prudishness and "proper conduct", while completely disregarding the inquisitiveness and inventive spirit that spurred on the Industrial Revolution in the same culture that invented the Victorian values. The teachers in Indian colleges are dismally paid, and hence are barely interested, though there were a few exceptions. Is the pay changing in the New Decade? Maybe. Is the system of education changing? I have seen signs of change, promising ones, in various colleges and universities all over India. Unfortunately, there is one thing that will hold Indian universities back- the bureaucracy's utter lack of respect for the students (again, with some notable exceptions). 
"My name is Henrik, and I’m an Early Adopter.  I don’t see being an early adopter as part of a competition to be first with new stuff. I’m just curious and can’t help that I want to try out and learn new things all the time. And I don’t buy new things until I am convinced that they are useful to me.  It is not an easy life being an early adopter, I don’t recommend it. An old wild west quote: “Pioneers are the ones with arrows in their backs!” And it is usually not the early adopters that make the money.

But I am proud of having adopted several important trends very early and my gut feelings for applications and functions are often accurate, both for successes and lemons.  Interactive media: I became a pioneer when I started the company Ahead Multimedia in 1988.

Elearning: I created an international award-winning elearning program in 1991, and in 1999 I worked in the US with an online elearning portal about parenting.

PDA’s and smartphones: I switched from paper calendars in 1993 and started enjoying mobile email in 2002.

The cloud: To me this is probably the most important shift in computing ever, moving from local files and applications that are locally stored in your computer to storing and running them online. I started using online word processing in 2005 and immediately felt that this was the future of easy and collaborative computing.  1986 My first Mac, a 512K, what a difference! Used it with PageMaker 1.0 to produce course materials about script writing and print them on my Laserwriter Plus. A SEK 100.000 investment that paid off! I had previously worked a lot with computers such as the Swedish Luxor ABC800. 1990 I bought my first mobile phone, a brick-sized Ericsson Hotline NMT 450, it cost SEK 17.000 and the battery lasted for an hour or two, but it was good to be mobile!  1993 I discovered an new type of magazine that attracted me at the London Design Museum. It was called Wired and wrote about technology and society in a new way. I have been a subscriber ever since. Here is the premiere issue from march 1993, still hanging on my kitchen wall. "
"Mirror
Sometimes, one fails to see oneself and dwells upon ones image that he wants to potray to the society. Its all a game of illusion in ones mind. It goes like this, if i want to be someone, i train myself to be someone, but then i forget that pretending to be someone makes people fail to see the real me. The simple solution as you might assume is to be truely oneself, well unfortunately the story doesn't end there. I mean its really good for everyone to be or potray truely what they are but then we all are in our own ways of being very judgemental. It depends who can and who cannot stand against other's callous judgements. Anyways, the point i am really trying to emphasise here is that, when one doesn't like the way one is, he tries to achieve to be someone else but what happens is he ends up pretending forever even before he has reached his goal...which means that one lives in an illusion of oneself of how one wants to be seen and thats when people around him fail to see him and he himself fails to see the true him."
" Sure, it is a new world out there! Especially if you owned Yahoo! stock last night. After an overnight gain of 48% following Microsoft's bid offer to buy yahoo, I don't blame you if you have a grin the size of a football field.

Anyway, this only brings to focus the new dynamics of the game - How software and business have changed over the past to adapt and embrace the medium of the Internet. So, if you are a CS/IT or a business student, you will do well to take these points into consideration:

1. The net is now the universal computer - the machine where we run software and store data. When was the last time you accessed an encyclopedia or a dictionary in print or DVD form, or get an entire roll of film or card full of images printed? With online applications like Wikipedia, Facebook and Flickr, we are buying less and less packaged software and going online more and more for our computation needs. With traditionally packaged software such as Office being available for use online as well, it definitely signals the ""Net is the Computer"" era."
" How good is a good client?
Posted by Scott on Mar 13, 2010 in Marketing
I have a client on paper that is a good client, however in actuality I cringe every time she calls or when I see her. She has three kids and we have photographed all three for senior pix and all 3 kids she spent over 3k each for their senior orders. Plus we have done their family pictures with another large order. So like I said she’s good on paper. Why do I cringe… Because she follows 0% of our rules. She takes months to order, she pays right away but then takes months to place the order and when she does she submits partial orders and then wants it in like two days. She’s always calling needing something done today she pushes everything right up to a deadline and then calls us on the day of the deadline to tell us about it. (like image submission for the yearbook for all three kids she called us on the deadline day and said I need this now) 3x WTF and this year she did it twice because the first deadline was for the regular pix and then she called for a picture ad page in the yearbook with a different deadline. She’s always changing her mind and has an attitude because she knows she spends a lot of money here so she thinks she owns me. I hate people like that, she is very unorganized and and wreaks havoc on our organized system. Maybe that’s my main problem with her just dealing with her we just feel like we are always fixing her messes. Kelly is sick of her. It was funny a few months ago she did a typical move on placing a partial order and Kelly asked me why I let her do that? I said because she’s a good customer… To which Kelly replied without missing a beat “like hell she is, she may spend a lot of money here but she’s far from being a good customer” it was a shocking thing for me to realize that a good customer and a big spender are two completely different things. And in her case a repeat big spender but still a habitual, chronic, pain in our collective asses! Hehe can you tell she just contacted me again about something… Don’t sell your soul or spine for money. “this is how we do it” our relationship with her would be so much better had I stuck to our policies 4yrs ago when we photographed their first son. Granted she loves us because I’m like no problem.. Right away… Sure… Yes anything for you… Why am I such a stupid person when it comes to her. Kelly is funny when she sees her name pop up on the caller Id she says “you better answer that because you don’t want me talking to her” so if you didn’t notice Kelly has bigger balls than me. But seriously I created this monster and this is their last kid but she’s already been talking about bringing in future grand babies for pix. Oh shoot me now!!! I guess I will have to deal with this situation I need a client intervention, and some bigger balls! lol 
 
76
votes
Buzz up!
 
4
Working all weekend…
Posted by Scott on Mar 12, 2010 in Marketing
Well I did it to myself but i’m working all weekend… Saturday shooting seniors and one of the sessions is an outdoor session and it’s supposed to rain.  Then I agreed to shoot a family on Sunday.  It’s a client that has been coming to us for almost 10 years and they own a business that Sunday is the only day they can do it… seriously.  I know a lot of clients claim they can’t do any-other day but a Sunday but these guys are serious.  It’s going to be a very good order I’m sure.  Maybe enough to pay for a year of college for the kids    LOL
Day 3 of P90x not so bad, and actually my best day.  Kelly and I are doing it together it is fun, so even if you hear me complaining it is kicking my butt but still fun.  Not as fun a Sweatin to the oldies would be… I need to get me a Richard Simmons outfit to workout in… Oh that would be sweet!"
" AND BY THE WAY...
UPDATE:
And I gotta say, pissed as I am about this, I STILL think Brian and Stephen are two of the really great ones in game journalism right now...and I still consider Kotaku my fave site for game news...that said, this pisses the shit out of me....but no need to throw the baby out with the bath water I suppose....
++++++++++++


You gonna fucking quote from my blog, the least you could do is print the whole mother fucking thing. Here is what just got detailed over at KOTAKU:


[I]f I owned the rights to TWISTED METAL and GOD OF WAR, I sure as hell would at the least send a sternly worded legal letter.
Heck, I'd send two legal letters if it were me.
I mean, first Microsoft puts out a car combat game and calls it SCRAP METAL?
Hey, looks like a great game! Right up my alley! Day one purchase for me. But come on guys, isn't that just a little too close to Sony's own car combat game TWISTED METAL?
And then Sony has GOD OF WAR, a game and potential movie about mortals fighting ancient Greek Gods. And then this movie gets announced called WAR OF THE GODS about- yep!- mortals fighting ancient Greek Gods.



Oh my, they left out the last paragraph...you know, the part where I make it CLEAR I am talking about game titles and not Sony suing over game CONCEPTS. What's the matter Kotaku, run out of fucking space on your blog? You couldn't afford to print these last few lines from the original post?





And look: Sony doesn't- and should not- own the concept of the Greek Myths. Nor should they own the idea of mortal fighting ancient Gods, Greek or any other kind. That's all public domain stuff. But the TITLE? Sony DOES own that. And GOD OF WAR/WAR OF THE GODS seem a little too close to comfort ya'll.

Anyway, like I said, not my fight. I don't own shit! :)


Yeah, I can see how that would have really added so much length to the post. What, did you run out of virtual ink? 

Nah, better to remove that part and- in my opinion- make me look like I was going off about lawsuits and thinking that Sony should own game concepts. And let's leave off the smiley face emoticon at the end of the post that- along with the picture of Chris Rock from a Kevin Smith comedy and the title of the original post (also a line from the same Kevin Smith comedy)- makes it clear this was a lighthearted observation and not a serious claim to anything.  Good move there guys. 


Anyway, I hope you guys will cover our games in the future. There are numerous companies and numerous people- not just me- who are busting ass to make our stuff. So I hope we can all count on a fair shake when you play and cover our games. But please- fucking stop covering me. You clearly can't do it right. And please, don't call me for any more favors. I have a feeling I'll be busy.

Thanks.

David 






POSTED BY DA CRIMINAL AT 4:11 PM
THURSDAY, MARCH 04, 2010

KRATOS HAS ARRIVED!


Look what FED EX just dropped off!

To Stig, Scat, Whitney, Allan, Tim, Christer, Ken, Todd, Johnny HaHa, Johnny Hight, Jason, Shu, Matt, Scott, JoJo W, Max, Phil,  and hell SO MANY MORE peeps (from the original team and new folks along the way that I just don't have the time to ramble off)- thank you so much for bringing Kratos back to the world in such a grand, amazing style. What an amazing achievement!  I hope you all are as proud of this game as us fans are excited to play it!

And Allan, thanks for the advanced copy!

David"
"Break up :( - well after two blogs which were depressing and political and i know many people do not have any interest in politics. Now you must be thinking politics was less depressing than break up (if you have gone through it).Well before break up I wanted to go through the journey of love. What is love? According to oxford dictionary love is an intense feeling of deep affection and great interest in something or someone. But what I guess is that while I am writing this blog really I am not having any words to describe it. really it is an awesome feeling . really yaar its just a great feeling, your life changes.
You travel through ups and downs of life during love. well I wanted to say I do not think that break up is a depressing word. What do you think of? A very great philosopher said that “true love starts when nothing is looked for in return”. So if you are a true lover then praise break up also .you must be thinking that I have gone mad but what I want to say is that why to live in illusion when you have the option to cut it out.
Please do not think that I am encouraging everyone for break up. I just want to say that please do not make love a burden. It is a gift given by god. If you are not in true love you will feel that you were in a mess. I used to believe in first sight love and still I do in spite of the fact that mostly first sight love is infatuation. Please do not go for love on basis of appearance. It is my request. Somethings are ought to be attained with patience. Look for the better part of break up. Understand each other better. Make sure that this is the person you are looking for and bells must be ringing for the person in your heart .
Well after a long lesson I am just sorry if I have offended any body. Please forgive me it was just overflow of emotions. Do not take it otherwise "
"This is my religion !!!

I hail from a country that is known for its multicultural, multi-religious, multi-people diversity. For the people of the west, India is a land of mystery that can only be demystified by the understanding of religion and philosophy. As an Indian I know that we are just another set of people striving hard to improve the way we live and the way people around us think of us. It is true that India has so many religions that it could be incredibly interesting to know about all of them. It’s almost like the rainbow, all colors emerging from the same source and still having such different forms and perceptions. But, things are not always what they look like. From a rainbow, it may have now become an illusion, which is so hard to understand that millions of the ‘followers’ are driven to the limits of insanity while trying to find answers for their souls.
I can’t ask you what religion is. I don’t find myself capable enough and don’t expect you to provide an answer that would end all the miseries that this word has hurled upon us. Now, this is a dangerous thing to say. Religion and misery? But, things are quite like this in most parts of the world. Today we talk about global citizenship and economies expanding beyond the political and cultural boundaries and yet we have people with complete intolerance towards others’ views on something that is such a private affair, religion. I really fail to understand why people choose to comment on the beliefs of other people with very little or no understanding of their lives and/or religion. 
I think that religion is all about making peace with yourself and the ‘community’ that you belong to. So, what happens when this process of making peace with you start to intrude into other lives and their right to a peaceful life? That’s when the clashes start and people like us start to question the whole point of having such a structure like religion to unite people. There are other forms in which segregations can be made and a common peace can be thought of, but the question remains, is it always necessary to segregate the society into sects based on one thing or the other? Like always, I don’t have the answer to this question!"
"Rahul - Those who are reading this blog first time , I'll suggest you to read the previous post first.

While my father was doing all the fee payment work and I was just roaming (admiring) the building, a boy came to me and asked ""Are you Abhyuday ?"". I asked to myself, ""Am I so famous?"". I said yes, he told me that he ""ALSO"" is in 11th class foundation course in here, as if he he knows everything about me. Then he showed his father and my father talking with each other. My father had cosen a room, suitable for me to live in and study, according to every possible condition. Far from traffic , near from garden, at walking distance from the main building, and not “too near to walk”.

While we were resting in the room , my father told me that he has invited that boy(Rahul) to live in this house. That house had 4 rooms 3 of which were already occupied, then Rahul's father mother visited and liked it and finalize it. In the evening everyone came, i.e. Rahul, and the house owner and other 2 roommates, one of them was doing some job and was about to leave in 15 days and another was an AIEEE aspirant, 12th just passed, Ajit Midhan. House owner was a kind man, in the first impression.

That night we(my father and I) went to buy all the stuff essential for living, cup, plate, tumbler, powder, soap , oil, comb, bed, pillow, water purifier, gas cylinder and most importantly two notebooks, as from the next day my classes were going to start, from 3:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. For 2 days my father did everything, woke me up, made tea for me, cleaned the room and my bed, and what I did, just went class. Next day when I returned from the class after having dinner in the mess, which was on the way to class, I did not found him, his train was at 9:00 p.m. I thought I shouldn't have dinner and should have come room early. I felt unsafe, all alone in an unknown place, I was really scared, I was all my own. Then Rahul came and asked me to play cricket(inside the house), we played, and slowly slowly that feeling was gone.

Parents, I tell you, their love and care are undefined. My father knew that I will have this condition that’s why he approached Rahul’s parents, made us known to each other before he’s gone.

For 3-4 days we played cricket and only cricket and did nothing, except going class. One day while I was coming back from the class along with Rahul, I found a 10 Rs note in the road, I bought 2 icecreams 5 Rs each. That was the first thing I have ever bought for myself. I never got a chance, I hate to go to shop with my mother, she starts bargaining from 40% of the price told by the shopkeeper, if it is a salesman, its starting price will be 10% of the price told by the salesman. And if I am with my father, I never ask anything, its his money, if he wants to give me something from his money I should not ask for anything, I should, be very thankful to him. So I don't buy stuff for myself.

After 3-4 days, we (I and Ajit midhan) had a quarrel because of some cricket issues. Then after 2-3 days from that we(I and Rahul) had a quarrel because of a waking up issue. He did not wake me up and went to the class alone, and when I was expecting apologies from him, he laughed at me. Then I met Amul, he was 1 week late for the class. He came to me and asked for the notes , he was from Jabalpur, near to my place."
"Reservation Policy and Politics - ""Reservation on any cast, clan or sex is undemocratic and leads to inefficiency and second -rate standards"". This is the line given by our first prime minister late Pt Jawahar Lal Nehru.It was told when India became independent. At the same time 1948-1949, the father of constitution Dr B.R Ambedkar had a note of caution for future governments that large scale quotas could destroy the rule of equality of opportunity.He revealed that reservation quotas should be consistent with the constitution and must be confined to minority of seats. But do you think that this line is consistent in today's scenario?
DEFINITELY NOT !!!!!! :(
Lets start from the beginning of the Indian civilization. Earlier the Hindu SAMAJ was divided into four major classes (earlier called ""verna"") namely Brahmins,Kshytriyas, Vaisyas and Sudras. Brahmins were at the top of the varna hierarchy, Kshytriys were the second , third were the Vaisys and Sudras(the untouchables). The cast was decided on the basis of occupation. At that time Sudras were not permitted to visit place like temple etc. This was the time which lead to the concept of reservation. Because at that time if the society would have not been divided, it would be impossible to think a word like ""RESERVATION"".
Reservation in favour of Backward Class was introduced in many states such as Maharastra etc in many fields.In 1902 Maharastra introduced reservation to eradicate poverty amongst minority groups and to give their share in state administration.The notification of 1902 gave 50% reservation in service for backward classes.After that it became a trend, which is an older one but a big hit for collecting votes and publicity in a short period of time. Scheduled Caste (SC) and Tribes (ST) constitute approximately 22% of the country's population. Accordingly a reservation of 22.5% has been made for them in educational institution which come under the control of MHRD and other central ministries. Similar reservations, proportional to their population, have also been provided by the state governments and union territory administrations. SC and ST students are also entertained a relaxation with respect to their upper age limit as well as concession of lower cut-off qualifying marks.Besides reservation for SC and ST candidates,reservation is also provided for other categories of backward classes (OBC). In 1978 the second backward classes commission under the chairmanship of B.P Mandal was set up.The commission, which submitted its report in 1980 and recommended the reservation of 27% of the seats in all scientific, technical and professional institutions run by the central as well as state governments for OBCs. It further recommended that those States which have already
reserved more than 27% seats for OBC students would remain unaffected by this recommendation. The Government of India implemented the recommendations in 1990 leading to violent protests. Besides caste based reservations, there are also varieties of reservation and quota system, for example, Non-resident Indians (5%), Women (30%), Physically handicapped,
Migrants from J & K, NCC Quota, Sports Quota,Anglo-Indian Community, Children of Political Sufferers, Children of Defence personnel, Children of Ex servicemen, Government of India Nominees. The supreme court had earlier ruled that the total percentage of reservation should not exceed 50%, but also inserted an economic clause in the name of what is called ""creamy layer"".Now this word has become a headache for the government, in the sense of its definition. The norms which should be full filled for the status of creamy layer is still a matter of debate.Later, reservation were introduce for other sections as well. The supreme court ruling that reservations can not exceed 50% has put a cap on reservations. However there are states laws that exceed this 50% limit and these are under litigation in the supreme court.For example the caste based reservation is about 70% in Tamil Nadu. The reservation in Tamil Nadu is much with respect to other part of India.When the first reservation protest hit New Delhi in May 2006, the people of Tamil Nadu were pleading to implement it in the state. When students and doctors in Delhi were agitating by hunger strike and facing water cannon, students and doctors in Tamil Nadu were demanding reservation. Doctors in Chennai ,including Indian Association members, were in the forefront expressing their support for reservation in institutions of higher education run by the central government.Bihar is also not far behind in this prospect(the government of Bihar had given 50% reservation in public sector job for women).

The political issue of reservation in education institution is so important, fundamental and explosive that every time it comes up for debate politicians get into their act. Human resource development minister Arjun singh proposed the bill for 27% of reservation to OBC in 2005.When the bill for reservation (OBC) was presented in the parliament it got about 95% votes in favour. Hence Arjun Singh was successful in alluring a large population in form of OBC.The BJP can't digest such a huge amount of the vote is going Congress' way. It somewhat convincingly asked why minority-managed (meaning Christian and Muslim institutions) are not included in the amendment (such colleges and institutions were not included for reservation). Answering to this question HRD minister Arjun Singh could not hide hide his happiness when he replied to the opposition why minority institutions cannot be included. After that the BJP tried to take advantage by introducing a bill to get Muslim and Christian institutions under the bill proposed for OBC. But the bill was not passed because it lost by a large margin(got only 25% vote in favour).Now after the implementation of these reservation and relaxations the minorities establish and administer educational institutions are becoming so commercial that poor and backward students are not able to afford the fee.Due to this reason in Andhra pradesh alone about 10000 engineering seats were not filled up last year because they could not find students who can pay for those seats.So again its a matter of debate that even after 50% reservation poor students are not able to get a seat in college.

How ever , reservation continues to be a controversial social and political issue and has resulted many protracted legal disputes.Apart form all this, there is not even a single organisation who is working for eradication of reservation. If it continues in the same way then a day will come when every body will be trying to get certificate for SC ,ST or OBC status.Which has already started in the form of ""GUJJAR AANDOLAN""."
"Socrates…  Here is a story quite similar to my earlier post on Kabir's Doha…-------In ancient Greece, Socrates was a great philosopher and
widely acclaimed for his wisdom. One day, a friend ran up
to him excitedly and said, ""Socrates, do you know
what I just heard about one of your students called Plato?""
""Wait a moment,"" Socrates replied. ""Before you tell me anything,
I' would like you to answer a few test questions.
It's called the Triple Filter Test"".
€ ¢⒠'µTriple filter?"" asked the friend.
""That's right,"" Socrates continued. ""Before you talk to me about my
student, I am
going to ask you three questions€ ¢⒠'¶
The first Filter is Truth. Have you made absolutely sure
that what you are about to tell me is true?""
""No,"" the man said, ""actually I just heard about it and...""
""All right,"" said Socrates. ""So you are not sure if it's true or not.
Now let's try the second filter, the Filter of Goodness.
Is what you are about to tell me
about my student something good?
""No, on the contrary...€ ¢⒠'¶ said the man.
""So,"" Socrates continued, ""you want to tell me
something bad about him, even though
you're not certain it's true?""
The man shrugged, a little embarrassed.
Socrates continued. ""You may still pass the Triple Filter test though,
because there is
a third filter - the Filter of usefulness.
Is what you want to tell me about my student
going to be useful to me?""
""No, not really...€ ¢⒠'¶
""Well,"" concluded Socrates,
""if what you want to tell me is neither True nor Good, nor
even Useful, why tell it to me at all?""
The man was defeated and ashamed."
So, rather that spending a couple of hours running up and down the stairs putting her back into bed for that illusive afternoon snooze, my very clever and very lovely wife decided to bring mealtimes forward a bit and put her up to bed earlier in the evening. I guess I’ve been a little blinded by the “she must have her afternoon nap” mantra and hadn’t really considered the alternatives. So I’ll stick my neck out once again and say that so far, things are going pretty well. Meal times have been brought forward by an hour, as has bedtime. Okay, a downside is that I don’t get a break in the afternoon to catch up with a few DIY jobs or to just chill out for a bit, but that’s no big deal. Now, when Mrs D gets home from work, Miss D has already eaten dinner and they can play for a bit, then we pack her off to bed and get to eat our dinner at a reasonable hour and have a bit more of an evening together. Miss D’s legendary late-afternoon tantrums haven’t been an issue either – clever mummy!
"The JVM-Garbage To Begin with - Recently I was asked to asked to analyze the behavior of heap in java application (with lots of short lived objects and highly transactional processes).
Here is what I came to know :-
Java is a programming language, where object creation and destruction is handled by JVM itself and this indeed is handled by one of its process called GC (garbage collector process). Four algorithm is available (not specific to Java vendor), For the defined case, gencon is considered to be best.
For most of the cases, gencon policy will work fine
Heap (memory) is divided into two physical part: Nursery (NEW) and Tenured (OLD) Space, Nursery space is logically further divided into Allocated (Eden) and Survivor Space.
New (young) objects gets a place in Eden.

Once the eden is full (or partly filled depends on the setting (JVM option) ), the process called SCAVENGE is called (in gencon policy of garbage collection).

This process will clean up the eden space i.e, deallocates the memory space of the objects no longer in use, and copies the objects to 'survivor' space (or tenured space depending upon the age of object).
As soon as the scavenger is called, the initial eden space is now referred as survivor space (yes empty) and objects in previous survivor space (yes now eden/allocated space) gets their age increased by 1.

As stated previously, the objects can get copied logically to survivor or physically to Tenured area. The destination depends upon the ""ThreshholdTenuredAge"" parameter (in JVM setting or dynamically set by JVM in default case)

Scavenge process is light weight (wrt CPU utilization), frequent scavenge is called (as the application supposedly had lots of short lived objects)

The major overhead while cleaning garbage is clearing up Tenured Area, where the objects with high age has been allotted space. This is done by GLOBAL garbage collection, which is triggered when the space in Tenured in not enough to accommodate new object from nursery to tenured area (through scavenge; this is called Allocation Failure). Global GC clears up Tenured Area and frees the memory!

Global GC(and scavenge also) is ""Stop the World"" Phase where the application thread is paused and ONLY gc thread works.
Garbage collection process mainly has three phases (and all the phases work as single step (stop the world, hehe) )
1. Mark - That is marking all LIVE objects
2. Sweep - Cleaning/ freeing and updating free list.
3. Compact - (optional) reduce fragmentation (time taking)

Bad coding is natural gift to all the expert programmers (no offense) still this can get worse if the JavaHeap is not perfectly set, that is BAD JVM OPTION. 

For instance, The JVM OPTION -Xmx512m means set maximum heap size to 512MB and the java application regularly throws OOM Exception(OutOfMemory Exception), tuning is required.
Need not be happy, the above objective case is not always the situation.
The case can be really complicated as improving performance of an application based on Memory leaks or availability is a tough and subjective task.
Google for Java Vendor Specific JVM OPTIONs (depends on version too) and do dome permutation to tune in a good application. However, the theoretical aspect can by analyzed to reduce the set of eligible jvm settings.

In order to analyze the garbage collection, enable the verbose in JVM setting (as the name suggests, verbose (who speaks a lot) is a log which tells the whole story of heap in elaborated xml format. This complicated log can be analyzed on various freely available tool and hence the memory behavior can be studied. Later parameters like fixing nursery size, tenured size, total heap size, size ratio, Garbage collection policy, max tenured age etc can be modified.
Make sure while tuning, you degrade one feature to get another, settle as soon as end user says OK.

Happy tuning
(please google for various JVM options)"
" GEORGE LUCAS GONNA SUE SOMEBODY


++++++++UPDATE:+++++
I checked out a few boards last nite and it seems this latest post has rubbed some folks the wrong way. Let me try to address here some of the most common complaints some of the game forum folks seem to be having.

#1- I AM NOT SUE HAPPY- I have never sued anyone and unless someone really steps over the line, I look at lawsuits as a last line of defense. Trust me, as someone who gone thru the process of being sued, the whole thing is a nasty, nasty, expensive business and it seems- to me- that it is meant to be. Like burying someone, divorce, our complicated tax system, and so many other institutions of our society that are important but more and more just seem like they exist for the sake of big business, there's a whole lot of people with expensive suits and expensive degrees who make a crap ton of cash off lawsuits. And I sure as hell don't want to contribute to their bottom line. And that is why I suggested sending a letter. I would guess in 99% of cases like this, no one is out to harm anyone else. It is simply a misunderstanding or an oversight that, when brought to light, could be corrected. I harbor no ill will or resentment towards the people making SCRAP METAL or the people making WAR OF THE GODS. They both sound like products right up my alley and I will be purchasing a download and a ticket to each one, respectively, once they hit...whatever their names end up being. 

#2- YOU ARE NOT AN EXPERT AT COPYRIGHT LAW AND NEITHER AM I- I know experts in copyright law (I actually do) and you, sir, are not an expert in copyright law. With the exception of MAYBE .1% of the people who are even aware of this discussion we are having, you don't know if my claims have merit in court and neither do I. And frankly, just because you or I think we are right on this, there is no real right or wrong. There is a judge who decides if there is a case and if there is, then there is a jury who decides who wins the case. And there is a lot of gray area simply because- while the law is very concrete- the subjective interpretation of that law requires a human brain. I can tell you that when I saw the titles, they rubbed me the wrong way and seemed worth mentioning. I can live with the fact that I could be wrong and I can live with the fact that most folks may not agree with me. This doesn't make me an idiot and it doesn't make you a genius. YOU go spend your precious time on this planet working with others and giving everything you've got to create some intellectual property and I assure you, you will feel protective of it. Again, being protective does not mean my assumption that these titles cross the line is right. But being a smarmy asshole- like a good % of board posters have been towards me over this issue- doesn't make you right either. It just makes you a smarmy asshole. NOTE: It has been pointed out to me that because my issues are clearly with title and not idea, this is a TRADEMARK LAW issue, not a COPYWRIGHT LAW issue. Fair enough. I stand corrected on the type of law. My comments and thoughts still stand tho. 

#3- TONE- See the big Chris Rock picture? You know, the comedian? See the quote from a Kevin Smith movie that I use for the title of this post? See the smiley face at the bottom of this post? People, I'm not on a crazy rampage about this. I never said I was going to sue anyone. I was bringing it up as something that interests me and something I thought would be worth sharing with people who come to this blog to hear about- mainly- my game making life. And I was doing so in a lighthearted manner. I assure you, this is the farthest thing from a big deal in my life. If nothing were to change on this front, I really would not care. 

#4- FOR THE LOVE OF FUCK- Finally, for the people who are like, ""JAFFE! GET BACK TO WORK ON YOUR GAME!""...please, let me assure you, I am working very hard. The team is working very hard. Sony is working very hard. We are all busting ass and- even tho we may not agree on these particular legal issues- we are still eager to entertain each and every one of you with what we've got cooking. Just like you, I don't work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Even during my day, I take breaks. But as some of you know, I work at home. So while at your job you may hang in the breakroom with your buddies and chat about last nite's episode of LOST or what game you are playing, I video chat with friends and I blog. Fucking sue me. But the point IS, we are working hard on our game and we're looking forward to showing it to you today on GTTV...oh wait...that's not us :) 

Ok so that's my update. Thanks for reading. Later.

END UPDATE:
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Ok, maybe not Lucas but Sony should. Or if I owned the rights to TWISTED METAL and GOD OF WAR, I sure as hell would at the least send a sternly worded legal letter.

Heck, I'd send two legal letters if it were me.

I mean, first Microsoft puts out a car combat game and calls it SCRAP METAL?

Hey, looks like a great game! Right up my alley! Day one purchase for me. But come on guys, isn't that just a little too close to Sony's own car combat game TWISTED METAL?

And then Sony has GOD OF WAR, a game and potential movie about mortals fighting ancient Greek Gods. And then this movie gets announced called WAR OF THE GODS about- yep!- mortals fighting ancient Greek Gods. 

And look: Sony doesn't- and should not- own the concept of the Greek Myths. Nor should they own the idea of mortal fighting ancient Gods, Greek or any other kind. That's all public domain stuff. But the TITLE? Sony DOES own that. And GOD OF WAR/WAR OF THE GODS seem a little too close to comfort ya'll.

Anyway, like I said, not my fight. I don't own shit! :)

David "
With what? I hear you cry… Well, keeping my blog updated for starters! So indeed, a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to anyone that might be reading this! The last couple of months have been pretty manic and I’ve got a lot of jobs to get finished around the house before our next little one arrives (the due date being 19th April). I’m working hard though, whilst generally running around like a headless chicken. Mrs D just spent the week at the in-laws with Miss D, giving me a chance to get ahead with the main project – refitting our bathroom. Much progress was made although at the moment we have no bath, no plaster on most of the walls, and a “to do” list as long as both my arms. I loved Miss D’s reaction when she first saw it – “Mummy, what happened to the bathroom? Daddy broke it!”. I love that toddler black & white kind of logic, I smiled and told her that “Daddy will fix it” as he does with all the toys and books that Miss D manages to damage or break!
"In Kolkata - Here in kolkata the things ,people ,perception of people are so different.The same intro talk which would otherwise have inspired hundreds of youths to join our YES+ bandwagon is also not making any difference. God/Guru certainly loves fun thats for sure. And time & again makes us realize us to surrender since we are instruments and HE is the musician.  In the meanwhile I did few satsangs and quite a few are lined up for coming days. Even attended Vikram dada's satsang and had a knowledge session with him exclusively for YES+ .

I saw AVATAR in 3d which was like superbly fantabulous.Something that's beyond someone imagination.If you haven't seen it yet do yourself a favour and watch it. I m yet to see 3 idiots !!!

And right from the day we have landed here the thing i have been doing the most is eating and eating and eating some more. I guess I have also put up some weight.

Will keep ou all posted about the happenings here.

Jaigurudev !!!"
I just finished reading Tokyo Vice: An American Reporter on the Police Beat in Japan by Jake Adelstein after seeing a post on Tokyo Mango about it. I rate it up there with the classic The Enigma of Japanese Power by Karel Van Wolferen and my more recents favorites Dogs and Demons by Alex Kerr and Tokyo Underworld: The Fast Times and Hard Life of an American Gangster in Japanby Robert Whiting.  All of these books provide a thoughtful view of Japan from the perspective of a non-Japanese and I think are essential readings for anyone trying to understand modern Japanese history and culture. So much of the really important underlying context and culture isn't translated from Japanese into English and even if it were, it would be mostly incomprehensible without framing it in a Western context.  Jake Adelstein does a great job of making the book very fun to read, personal and accurate. His background as a professional Japanese journalist covering crime in Japan for the Japanese edition of Yomiuri, one of Japanese mammoth newspapers, adds a lot of credibility and cultural sensitivity that are lacking in most books about Japan that are written by non-Japanese.  I also liked the way that the book presented the perspective of the Japanese underground and Japanese culture through personal stories and narrative and didn't try to explain all of Japan. It's nearly impossible, even for Japanese, to understand why things are the way they are in Japan and it's only through experience and listening to stories like Jake's that you can begin to stitch together your version of Japan.   In The Way of Zen by Alan Watts, Watts describes that it is impossible to explain in English, all that is Zen. In fact, the Zen masters explain that Zen is beyond words. He describes how most Japanese Zen masters do not even try to "explain" Zen. He admits that although his Western background and his attempt to explain Zen in words by definition fails to capture the true core essence of Zen. However, he argues that because he lives between both worlds, he is able to describe Zen in words much more clearly than the masters might imagine.   That's what I think about the good books about Japan written by non-Japanese. Japanese often don't explain context or pretend that everyone knows what is going on. I think this leads to a lot of misunderstanding and the development of unspoken rules and culture shared only be small groups of people hidden in most part from the public. Publishers in Japan are also very sensitive about publishing books about taboo subjects in Japanese.  I highly recommend the book.
Thanks to BT FON, BT’s WiFi Network Reaches One Million Hotspots  Together with FON, our partner BT, has reached its goal of building a million-strong WiFi hotspot network in the UK. The vast majority (more than 85%) of BT’s WiFi hotspots are BT FON hotspots and a direct result of a vision Ian Livingston, BT’s CEO, and Gavin Patterson, BT’s CEO Retail, and I, FON’s CEO, had just three years ago.  Back then BT only had some Openzone hotspots in commercial areas. In order to quickly build a truly ubiquitous WiFi network in the UK, BT needed a new approach. BT needed FON.  Teaming up with FON, BT added FON WiFi sharing functionality directly into BT Home Hubs. This made it easy for BT subscribers to become members of the FON community. As members, BT broadband customers who elect to safely share a little of their home WiFi with others, get access to the world’s largest WiFi network in return. Instantly, BT customers who opted in to FON received more access to WiFi, and the joint BT FON network took off, growing faster than anyone expected. In the past six months alone, BT’s WiFi network has doubled. We expect it to continue growing even faster in 2010, thanks in large part to FON.
Round the world tickets (RTW) are by far the most economical way to travel if you actually go around the world a lot. The only thing about round the world tickets is that you can only cross each ocean once and can not leave a "region" and return to it. I had one week between my board meeting in New York for WITNESS and my talk at SXSW so it totally didn't make sense for me to fly back to Dubai and "break" the RTW ticket. I was looking for a convenient place to park myself and get some work done and I remembered that my old friend Eric Haller lived in Costa Rica and seemed to have situation of having broadband ie. able to play World of Warcraft and be immersed in a very relaxing environment.  I met Eric in 1990 when I was working on the film Indian Runner - the first movie Sean Penn directed. I was working for the executive producer, Thom Mount, and Eric was a 2nd assistant director. We were around the same age and were similarly over-worked and under-paid for the few months that we worked on location in Omaha together. We hung out a bit and kept in touch. Later Eric lived in San Francisco and started blogging where we "met up" again. After that Eric joined my World of Warcraft guild, We Know, and still serves as one of my "Guild Administrators". About three years ago Eric moved to Puerto Viejo.   I messaged Eric and told him that I was looking for a place to "park" for a week. He encouraged me to visit him in Puerto Viejo. Puerto Viejo is on the Caribbean side of Costa Rica, not the Pacific side, which is where most of the tourists go. The big town on the Caribbean side is Limon, but there are no flights to Limon from any reasonable US airport.   Eric picked me up in San Jose, Costa Rica with a driver in the middle of a crazy storm and it took us over six hours of pretty treacherous driving across Costa Rica to get to Puerto Viejo. Eric had warned me to bring a raincoat - now I knew why. The road was full of potholes that felt more like mini land-mines, but we made it in one piece.   It was late when we arrived so we had a quick bite at the local Italian place and called it a night. When I got to my hotel room, there was something about the quiet sound of the rain and the jungle animals that sort of made me nervous at first and then jerked me into another reality. I fell asleep and didn't wake up for another 10 hours. I don't think I can remember when I last slept that long. Eric came over, told me to put my watch away and stash everything into the little safe except a photocopy of my passport and a little wad of cash. We didn't have a plan. That was the point. We wandered to the local store in our flip flops on the dirt road. The store had one kind of bottled water, one kind of hair brush, tree ripe bananas, papaya, pineapple and just about everything you'd ever need, but nothing more. We bought a bunch of fruit and headed off to his house.
"The Trauma of Restlessness.... Its 1 am midnight and nothing to do. I just lost my mobile as it is took by examination wing, bloody Airtel, they sent me the message in middle of the exam and it wasnt in silent mode :(
Anyhow, just few days back i finished my examinations and as usual i m not sure i will pass all of them.
Now i want to discuss few patterns which i observed while preparing and writing the exams and i find them very critical and we must discuss them.
1. The first thing of all is about Cricket. Last year when we play cricket we use to practise on the main ground instead of going behind sps or somewhere else. Now we all can imagine the rush on the ground and the chaos after 5pm. The thing which needs notice is that the form of all the batsmen of Team gets affected. They scored runs but were not in the touch they used to be in.

2. I also noticed that in a home the kid who got scolded for studies always performs inferior than his sibling who is not scolded. Now dont say that one who didnt study had to face the nagging and its usual. Lets make it more clear. The one who is naughty or say full of energy is first gets the praise of parents and neighbours for his cleverness, but later age of around 8-10 years his naughtiness increases and the parents start scolding him for o a thing or two and then for everything. Also the cleverness he showed(assumed by his parents) is not visible in his studies and the one who is less clever got the same grades or better. And then comes the most common and used phrase ""My this child is intelligent but i dont know why he dont study"". And its really very good fortune of parents if that clever child shows better performance in his remaining life, because very few did it.

3.This time while writing exams, the only thing which comes to my mind is football. Intermilan, Barcelona, Chelsea and all that. When exam gets over, these things also goes out of my mind.

Now what is the thing linking above three paragraphs ?

Now let me explain you the cases one by one.
First in Cricket there is a term called ""Comfort Zone"" in batting. Thats why a out of form batsman is adviced to use nets rather than playing more matches to retain his ""Comfort Zone"".
1st story of my cricket team is that all the batsmen while playing in the chaos lost their comfort zone and lost the touch. 3rd story is about for last 1 month i downloaded nearly 50gb of football and kept watching that in every free time. Now while studies the thing which runs in my mind is football. The brain got a speciality to emulate the conditions you keep it in. and while exams i gave my brain few conditions like pen and paper and it emulate the thought process i use to be in while pen and paper and thats thinking about football.
Now the 2nd and most saddening story.... Everyone catches habit of the thing we repeatedly do. Parents also gets into the habit of scolding their child and which they do, considering it a very small matter. Now a child after nagging when sits to study, cannot achieve a thing which we call is ""Comfort Zone"". The thing runs to his mind is restlessness, his ego and his brains immediately in a year or two comes into the habit of ""No Comfort Zone"". This is also trmed as a disease ""ADHD"" or simply ""ADD"". And whenever a child sits down to study his brain didnt let him to do so by coming to ""NO Comfort Zone"". And it could be seen in our socity that usually elder brother is relatively better in studies than younger, becuse the younger one got more energy and of course as he emulates his elder brother, his acts seems to be more clever according to his age, but his cleverness is not at all visible in his grades. And everyone scolds him for not spending enough time in studies. There starts his training of loosing the habit of concentration. The comfort zone is the thing which is so important that you can crack an exam if you retain it and could underperform if you cant. The preperation is not the only thing which matters."
"My first DSN September 1999. It was the first time I was attending a DSN course. Rashmin, Rajesh Jagasia, Harshal and a few of our common friends we all were on it. I think it was the first one in Mumbai. Arunaji from Gujarat was our teacher. The intensity was increasing as each day progressed. I had decided I will be repeating this course at the earliest, to be able to assimilate its intensity.  One of the partcipants took permission to go to his house for a while and come back. We all were surprised at his courage to even ask for a break in DSN course!? He looked very happy after he returned. The course got over and he shared his experience.

""I went home to see if my mother was alright. She had just got discharged from the hospital after a serious illness and nobody was at home. To my surprise she scolded me for taking a break from the course and said, ""A man in white robes and long hair and beard came and gave me medicines. I am fine. You focus on your course, come on go asap."" "" There were tears in his eyes as he narrated this.

The power of the grace is infinite. And the Guru's grace is with us every moment. By the end of the course I too had realised that nothing is impossible. ""I am the power!""

Next month I repeated the DSN with BAWA!!! An interesting story about that DSN I can tell you only sitting with you face to face, bcoz its kind of a secret ;-)

Well, 10 years later I conducted a DSN in Delhi - Oct 2009. "
"Hindi Literature  -  Hindi is the descendant of Sanskrit which is written in Devnagri script.It has been affected by different languages such as Turkish, Farsi, Arabic, Portugese and English. It is a very expressive language with rich vocabulary and precise word for each action. Trough its poetry and song it can express emotions, love and nationalism by using simple and gentle words. It has been declared as the official language according to our constitution.In India it is spoken in UP, Bihar, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttrakhand, Chatisgarh, Jharkhand and other parts of Inida as secondary language.There are a number of dialects of this language some of them are Awadhi, Kannajui, Maithili, Magahi, Bhojpuri and marwari and khariboli. All the innovative work done in these languages is considered to be a part of Hindi litrature. Apart from this Hindi is also spoken in Pakistan, Nepal, SA, Mauritius, Uganda and Singapore.
The Hindi literature is divided into four major forms they are 1.Adi kaal 2.Bhakti kaal, 3.Ritikavya kaal and 4. Adhunik kaal . In the ancient period the main center of development of Hindi were Delhi, Ajmer, kannauj and the central part of India Madhya pradesh.Chand Bardai composed a poem for his king Prithviraj Chauhan named ""Prithviraj Raso"" whic is considered as the first work in the history of Hindi literature. After the defeat of Prithviraj Chauhan all most all creative work in the field of Hindi was destroyed and a very few scriptures or manuscripts are available. This era is considered as aadi kaal. During the later part of aadi kaal and early Bhakti kaal many sint-poets became famous and Vidyapati was one of them.
""Bhakti kaal"" It is considered as the middle stage of the development of Hindi literature.The work in this period mostly comprises of long poems.There was a great development in the field of poetry during this period. Different form of poems like Dohas and Chupaya are the innovations of this period.Again Bhakti kaal can be divided into two catogeries 1. Nirgrna(the followers of a formless god) ,Kabir and Gurunanak were followers of Nirguna. And 2. Saguna( the followers of God with attributes) ,Surdas and Tulsidas were followers of Saguna. In the very time most of the poems were written in Avadhi or Braj Bhasha. The major works of this period are Padmavat and Ramcharitmanas written by Malik Muhammad jayasi and Tulsidas respectively. ""Sur Sagar "" written by Surdas was a graet work in Braj Bhasha. This was the age when two diverse religion the Hindu and the Islamic mingled together to server the Hindi literature..Many Muslim poets like Abdul Rahim who was a court poet of Akbar was a great devotee of Krishna and used to write in Hindi.
""Ritikavya Kaal"" During this period the erotic element became dominant.This era is called Riti bucause this was the age when poetry forms and theory were developed to the fullest.But this affected the poetry by taking its emotive aspect which was considered as chief aspect of the ""Bhakti kaal"" and the poetry gradually started deteriorating. The most well known book of this age is Satasai written by Bihari.
""Adhunik kaal"" This is considered as the period after 1900. The man who brought life in the hindi literature was Premchand.Before him the Hindi literature was considered as fictitious. He is considered as one of the best story writer and novelist in the field of Hindi.By this time, hindi had become the general public's language. To distinguish themselves from the general masses, the learned Muslims used to write in Urdu, while Khadiboli became prominent among educated Hindus. Khadiboli with heavily Sanskritized vocabulary or Sahityik Hindi was popularized by the writings of Swami Dayanand Saraswati, Bhartendu Harishchandra and others.importantwriters of this period are Mahavir Prasad Dwivedi, Maithili Sharan Gupt etc. The rising numbers of newspapers and magazines made Khadiboli popular among the educated people.
Today Hindi is at a juncture where it is being considered to loose its race with English.Even though declared as the National language and official language higher class people and people working in corporate world use it rarely. Hence it is the time when the whole India, the government employee and government funded institution should come forward and make Hindi as an ""official language "" and the ""LANGUAGE OF INDIA""."
"Scammed ep2 -  When you come to a different country, a lot of things take a turn, I mean apart from your bank balance, which just decides to take a dive and only afterwords does it realize that he (or it) forgot to tie the Bunjee rope!   Apart from that, it all of a sudden changes, for good or for bad, depends on how unlucky or lucky  you are (I dont believe in Hard work!). And there are times that you are led to believe that the whole world is bent on picking on you for no reason. It can start with a small thing, like that innocent lady who walks her dog every day on the pavement and with whom you had a 3 month long 'good morning' routine, ignores you and suddenly starts telling Lucy (the dog) ""dont bark at this person"" repetedly, or that dog peeing on you, or you stepping on dogs poop, or you dropping your half eaten candy bar which you found under your pillow that morning or a million other things. And then it graduates to your boss at work telling you repetedly how incompetent you are with all his sarcastic charm, or your system at work crashing down, or just one or two softwares which you need to work crashing down, or you forgetting to load the 150 lines code which you had developed last night to your jump drive (I'm not a computer geek, so 150 is still big for me), or forgetting to take your jump drive after you had remembered to load it, or you realizing that you should've just emailed the code to yourself, or, well, you know the stuff!!... What i'm trying to get at is that when all this becomes a part of your life, you end up being vulnerable to possibilities of something good, and at the sight of a bleak ray of hope, you follow it, ignoring the fact that that bleak ray of hope might be coming from the patented lamp made by Hope Inc. and was carried by a fellow with a crooked nose and one eye and a skeleton arm and a flea crown, who just happened to find you in that dark tunnel.

So if your imagination is still in working condition you'd know by now what this is leading to. Yes, a description of another scam. We live in a quite place in Chicago (come to think of it, US is quite in general, unless at war!), me and my roommate are students and are looking for another roommate. On being suggested to put up advertisements online (something you just have to get used to, internet, and we are just not that used to the whole internet thing, and you might wanna contest that but if you dont think its true, youre hardly an Indian anymore). Craiglist, Sulekha (yes it works here too, or here only!!), and what not. But, have you ever heard the saying, 'the best deal is what you pay for', me neither, just made that up, but still, I took that seemingly credible advice and found a paid service that would find me a roommate, 'Roommates.com', i pay for 3 days premium service after i started getting replies on my profile which i could see only if i pay for it (its a neat revenue generating technique come to think of it), and see the replies. 16 yr old Gay male, a transgender, prostitute, transgender, hot looking chick, student, student, hot chick, gay female, student, one who admits she smokes a lot, hot chick, summarize the replies. Hot chicks and students were the first to get my replies, which is any 'normal' person would do. 

Students didn reply back, one Hot chick (please notice capital H of Hot) wants to come and stay. Yes, she doesn want to see the apartment, doesn want any other place, she wants to send the money to me by a cashiers check through her agent who is also arranging for her flight, she sells african beads and is from Spain, she sends her pics and i'm flat (awesome figure, 5 feet 8, sends her pics wearing velvet pants, what do you expect!!), we have long email sessions (the email conversation was almost 25 replies long by now, i even know her philosophy in life, her roommates in Spain, why she went into the bead business, and they were all very good conversations, she signed off with 'your future roommate'). Then it stopped. I have not entertained any other reply from anyone else, cuz she wants me to confirm before she sends money (of course!!), and then she doesn send any reply, nothing, i want to know when is she sending the money, what s the order number (they have that thing where you can track the packages, internet!), I dont wanna spend from my pocket, which is empty anyways. Nothing. I put the ad again, and then she is back. 'Hey, sorry I was in Africa for some business, heres the details, '23-watever-234351!#$' (you can imagine a nagging female voice to go along with it, might be fun), I check the status theres nothing to be found, and after some time it gets delivered... 

Now, what has not been told yet is that my ex-roomie expected it to be scam from the start. I just took him as a sadist and didn care much at first but when i saw a the scam alert on the website, well then you have to stop thinkin that luck was on your side all this time. I shoot an email with the details to customer care and they say 'sieze all contact with this person' and that he/she is a known scammer and that i should contact IRS!! 

In case you are wondering how it works, the check is a fake, however, the banks here make the balance available as soon as you deposit it. Now if you withdraw money from your account immediately, which according to you is already there, and give it to the nice lady mentioned above, then when the bank finds out the check is a frod, you are indebted, and you are labelled as a check frod, and your account is sealed, not to mention your credit history is screwed royally, you would almost never again get a loan or a credit card, or rent a car, or a house, or anything else. I got a check for $5430, when i asked for $1000, first month rent and deposit. you do the math.

PS: be safe!!! be careful!!! peace!!! all these statements cannot help you... 
PPS: in case they do... be safe!! be careful!!"
Long has mankind battled and suffered, demons within and demons without. Demons of their own creation sometimes in the name of war, sometimes in the name of recreation, sometimes by an insatiable lust for power and other times for wealth, men or women. How can this list exclude battles for honour? Indeed it cannot. It does not. Demons unleashed by forces beyond our comprehenshion, storms that rip apart a mans life and storms that decimate the collective life of mankind. I have spoken of war now in a generic sense,  for I wish to deal with the specific, in the context of the generic. Long are the hours that I have spent decrying that mankinds fundamental nature is evil and chaotic and yet my heart tells me to keep faith that mankind is true and good. Reality often lies between the extremes of our rosiest dreams and our worst nightmares. And so again, has human nature continued to remain fickle and dynamic, eluding all attempts to classify it as good or bad. Indeed, now an attempt for such a classification seems naive.
" Oprah Needs More Social
MARCH 18, 2010 · 3 COMMENTS AND 82 REACTIONS
I was interviewed by Derrick Ashong from Oprah Radio, part of the Oprah Winfrey Network. He was smart, personable, fast-moving, and definitely a great person for this space. The experience left me thinking about how FastCompany magazine said that Ashton Kutcher is the new one to watch on the salvation of media and entertainment. To me, the potential savior list looks a bit different:

* Oprah
* Jon Stewart
* Conan (especially if he doesn’t go to Fox)
* Rick Sanchez from CNN (from the news perspective)

To me, the thing they’re all missing is a deeper integration to social media tools for two-way conversations, for a deeper sense of loyalty and connectedness. Jimmy Fallon does that stuff reasonably well, but then, his show isn’t all that interesting to me. He’s got the social thing figured out a bit better, but the payload isn’t there.

Derrick Ashong, the guy who interviewed me from Oprah Radio made a good moving coming out to South by Southwest, because he showed, in that gesture, that he knew where the stories were, that he could get information from the ground-level stuff that we all uncover, and that he was there to learn as much as he was there to pluck stories from the air.

I think what’s next for media and entertainment will be a hybrid, not a fast shift away. But I think it will also be gatekeeper-free."
" When I list the HiDef profile as requiring a DirectX 10 GPU on Windows, I don’t mean that XNA Game Studio 4.0 uses DirectX 10 or 11. It does not: our Windows framework is implemented using DirectX 9. But the HiDef profile requires a GPU with roughly Xbox 360 level capabilities: MRT, floating point surface formats, vertex texture fetch, etc. These are optional caps in DirectX 9, but we need them all to support HiDef (think of it as DirectX 9 turned up to 11). In theory it is possible that a DirectX 9 GPU could support all these caps, just like every DirectX 10 GPU exposes them all when we access it via the DirectX 9 API, but in practice I know of no such DirectX 9 chip. Rather than confusing everybody by saying “HiDef requires this complex set of caps”, it is easier to simplify this to just “HiDef requires a DirectX 10 GPU”. A nice benefit of accessing DirectX 10 hardware via the DirectX 9 API is this means HiDef games can run on Windows XP as well as Vista and Win7.

You will notice that rendertarget format support is still allowed to vary. There were just too many differences in format support for us to successfully standardize this. We have a caps API for querying what formats are available, but more importantly, we have a built-in fallback mechanism. The format parameters used when creating rendertargets and backbuffers have changed from “format” to “preferredFormat”. We will try to give you the exact format you asked for, but if that is not supported, we will automatically fall back to the closest possible match, looking for a format with similar bit depth, number of channels, etc. "
I have read many books and novels in which the phrase “home away from home” has come. I had always thought that I have never experienced that feeling and was wondering whether I will ever get that feeling. For the past 5 days, I have got that feeling. I am at the US right now studying at North Carolina State University. I had come down from India on august 20th itself to go to my aunts place at Atlanta. There they are a typical Indian tamil family. There all the time they speak tamil and every day its Indian food. This gave me the atmosphere of being at home. I was thinking all this will go off once I go to my apartments at my university. I came to Raleigh (where my university is located) 5 days back. I was thinking I am going to feel lonely. To my surprise near my apartments itself there were many Indians who were very friendly. However there were two main reasons why I did not feel lonely.
"Excess - There is an old saying in sanskrit, ""Ati sarwagya warjyate"". That means excess of anything is bad.

We can handle things in two ways, one is using it and another is misusing it. Nuclear reactions can be used for getting power (electricity) and also can be used in nuclear bombs. One of my friend had some disease in which he was growing thinner. Doctor suggested him to drink beer, 3 teaspoons daily. Then for 5 years he drunk beer, which gave him no harm. Medicines have alcohol in them, for removing illness. But, alcohol taken in EXCESS is injurious to health. These things were created or invented for some good reason, but everything depends in the way we are using it.

Sugar(glucose) is meant for getting instant energy, but excess of it can cause diabetes. Excess of everything is bad. Teasing a friend in front of all other friend for fun is good and grow relations closer, but excess of teasing can make the person angry and can break friendship. Excess of gaming, sleeping, talking and even studying are also not good.

Sometimes excess of love is also not good[;)]. After a long time, when I went to my home, my mom fed me with all the stuffs, which she knew I like. I was trying to control myself, but, as love was involved in it so I couldn't say NO, and ate everything. And at last I vomited all of it out. Then she realised, its excess."
"Introduction This whole blog is dedicated to my friend Tilesh

Carefully read the lines below

1: Names in this blog have been changed to conserve privacy (except Tilesh's)
2: This blog is allowed to be read by Tilesh and his friend and my college friends and specially not allowed to my school friends.
3: This is going to be totally mine (my novel)(first person view)..so it can be a bit boring sometimes.

As Tilesh has requested several times to me to write story of our 3 yrs in Kota, so i m forced to write this.

Once upon a time, long long ago, I became 15 yrs old. My life became a bit interesting. My b'day comes on February, I was in 10th class, in 2003

We had a new principal. I think she hardly knew names of the students. I wasn't so popular student. It was the time of board exams. We had preparation leave. But I came to school to pick up my sister. I was out of the gate of school as they do not allow any student to enter the school campus after assembly gets over. I was arguing with guard at the gate outside, another guard came from inside, and told me principal ma'am is calling me. I thought i should have not argued with this guard. When I went inside principal's room ( first time after getting admission), the principal was smiling, she asked "" you are Abhyuday naa"", I replied ""yes ma'am"", and then she congratulated me, and told me that I got a maths olympiad certificate, 1st in Jabalpur region (32 schools comes under the region) and 36th in India. This is the first good thing happened to me AFTER 15.
Second, I dropped a girl(my sister's friend) in my bike from my home to her home, who was considered as the most beautiful girl in my school by my school friends. She is married now.
And so on, now coming to the main topic.
My father was very much impressed by his boss son who went to Kota for preparing engineering entrance examinations, who was 1yr senior to me. He wanted me to go to Kota for preparing for my future. He never told me to go to Kota, but I knew he want me to. Many of my senior from my school also went to Kota. I heard that they teach only maths and science(my favourite subjects), no social studies, hindi , enlish ,(i hated them). So deep in my heart I also wanted to go to Kota.
So after my board exams,and after watching the cricket worldcup (in which India came to final after 20 yrs), we (mom, dad sister and another family) went for south tourism. It was a one month tour. It was from SHIRDI, AURANGABAAD, HUMPI, B'LORE, MYSORE, MADURAI, KODAIKANAL, KANYAKUMARI, RAMESHWARAM, CHENNAI , TIRUPATI, NAGPUR, to SEONI. I had never gone outside M.P. before.
After long trip I forgot all the things about going to Kota and all. No one remembered about it then. After coming from the trip ,with my mom and sis, I went to my maternal grand parents, REWA. Things were changed after coming from the trip. There wasn't a single day when my mom and dad didn't have a quarrel, and those fights weren't small, they were horrible. I had never seen my mom and dad like that. In REWA(my grand parent's home) , there were 2 cousins of my age, Anand and Nandani, were in 10th class too. They got 84 and 80 % marks, nowhere comparison to me (64%). But I got good marks in my favorite subjects (96 in maths and 87 in science). They had begun to study for the 11th class.
I never told them my score, but my dad did, and they never mentioned it, so that I don't feel bad. They asked me what am I gonna do. I told them I m going to Kota. Anand asked me which institute? I was answerless. Never heard of it. I just heard that for preparing for EEEs many people have went to Kota, thats all. Then he told me there are 3 good institutes TCPP, RESTART, BACHELOR. among them BACHELOR is better, then RESTART and then TCPP.
My father called me and asked me that do I want to go to Kota, I already wanted to go, but now I was dying to, I don't wanna see their(mom's and dad's) fights. I thought , if I go , they'll not have time to fight. My father then asked me to get ready for it, as tomorrow I'll have to leave REWA. I wanted to go, but didn't want to leave so soon!!! So I intentionally slept for long, my grandfather guessed it woke me up, and send me to SHAHDOL(6 hrs journey from REWA by bus), with another guy just to drop off me. 6 hrs!!! just to drop off!!! I am considered as a small child. Still, now also, if I tell them that I travel alone for 2 days in a train, no one there would believe me.
From there my father took me to BHOPAL, he had some work there.We reached there in the morning 6 a.m. , after a long journey of 15 hrs. It was my sister's b'day. I wasn't ever away from her on her b'day. Father called her and wished her, then i did. We stayed, for the day, in my uncle's (mother's brother) home. Then we had waiting list reservation for BHOPAL to Kota train, that was late at night, 10 p.m. , waiting list never confirmed. I spent that night sitting. Morning 5 a.m. we reached there, Kota,what I imagined about kota was, there will be big desert, in which there will be just 4 or 5 houses in each square kilometers, it will be too hot. At least one thing I expected was correct, it was really very hot. At 9 a.m. we went to BACHELOR, one manager told that its too late, at 9 a.m. they are having entrance test. For engineering entrance examination we'll have to give entrance examination for this also?!! My father shown my 96 and 87 marks list. The manager told, ""it'll now help you, go try somewhere else"". Then with all mood off, we went to RESTART, there they told that they have exam today, at 2 p.m. . For writing exams we'll have to fill a form, for filling it we'll need to have passport size photos of me, so there should be some one who can give photos within an hour. we searched and got one. After filling form and having lunch I went to give exam, 3 hrs paper, after a 6hrs bus journey then a night train journey, then a night waiting list journey then this exam. I was really very exhausted. Anyways, while I was writing the exam, my father was exploring the Kota. After exam he took me to Chambal garden, best place in Kota, then he told me about the places I can go in Kota for a mood refreshment, if I have studied too much. Then by a train at night we came back, we never went to TCPP. Result was dated to come after 2 days.
We came back to SHAHDOL, and my mom came back from REWA, to pack up my luggage. After 2 days of rest in home,the time to go to Kota came, father called an autorikhshaw, I was sitting in it with full luggage, my mother came and gave me a water bottle, I saw her, she had 2-2 tears in each of her eyes, I said ""mom"", she suddenly went inside, pretending as if she didn't hear me. My dad also saw this, while in a way to Kota, he was , a type of, consoling me, ""you are not going forever, you'll be back here within 2 yrs, your mom doesn't understand, but you do, I know you do, anyways you'll often visit us in vacations .""
4 yrs after this, my aunt (mom's sister) told me that when I went to Kota, for 3 days my mom did nothing, she didn't had lunch and dinner either, my sister cooked food for 3 days and served to my mom, but she didn't had. My mom ate food when my sister told her that, "" if you are not having food then I'll also not have it "".
Anyways, coming back to Kota. I didn't get selected in RESTART, as I told you the exam I gave , was in fully exhausted mood. Father did the same thing, shown my 64% mark list, but it didn't work, again. But it worked in TCPP, they allowed me to join there institute just by purchasing their form. Someone told there that there is another good institute, better than TCPP, called NARNIA. My father was in dilemma, but I wasn't. Nobody in SHAHDOL or REWA knows this NARNIA, but they do know TCPP, let NARNIA be better than TCPP, but if I join TCPP , I'll have something to tell them, but if I join NARNIA I'll have nothing.
So at last I selected TCPP as a better carrier option, we went to TCPP's building to have admission, there I found Rahul.
rest in another post."
The most common complaint and comment about an Automatic tranmission car, is that “You have less control over it, there is less involvement, compared to a manual transmission car”. Agreed, you can’t dictate the car to change to any gear that you please when you have an automatic transmission, but from my experience, I can tell you, if you know your know your car well enough, and if you are able to feel what it is doing, you can make even an automatic transmission car do whatever you please (well almost!). First of all it’s possible due to the fact that most engine management system of today’s cars are intelligent and are based on a feedback system. The car does n’t just do pre-programmed actions irrespective of anything anymore, but on the contrary, listens to the driver input, tries to gauge the intention of the driver and tries to act accordingly, producing wonderful results almost always. Next is your talent, how much you know your car and can undestand what it’s trying to tell you.
"MASKS

Wherever I go, I see masks around me. I don’t see real people walking down the streets and lanes, I see masks. Different shapes and colors and sizes, but only masks no real people. A smile over here and a grimace there; some tears and some anger; some doubt and some happiness; all masks though, no real people at all.
And then I question myself, “Is it not possible for any human being to be the real himself, without the mask?” I think I know the answer and I don’t want to know it at all. Since there is no one who is totally like you (head and heart, soul and thought), there can be no time when you can be the true you. It is often said and written down in desolate blogs like these that people need to be real and true, but, it is not possible. There are certain aspects of each of us which need to be hidden from someone or the other. This way each of us carry the burden of masks all our lives, the difference is that, some know it and some are just too happy with everything around them and choose to ignore it.
I have two important questions to ask.
1. Do we ever have regret for wearing the masks? Does is ever bother us to see the world through masks and compelling the others to see you through the same filter?
2. What happens to two people who are exactly the same (monozygotic twins)? People with even the same DNA structures have a very strong bond and are virtually the same person in most of the situations. What would happen to such people? (I don't know)"
" The Difference Between Recipe and Restaurant
MARCH 17, 2010 · 46 COMMENTS AND 137 REACTIONS


I have intent on the brain. So does Tim Sanders, it turns out. During my speech at the first ever GR2L event (get ready to live), I talked about shifting from connections into intent. I was talking about networking at that juncture. I want to expand. And I have a comparison/analogy to light this up.

The difference between talking about human business and social media and doing it is the difference between having recipes and running a restaurant.

We go to events and network. We collect business cards. Why? Because we don’t know what else to do. We know we’re supposed to network. We talk about why it’s important. The thing is, what do we DO with these? Jon Swanson wrote about switching back to a dumb phone when he realized that he didn’t really have to check email and Twitter every waking hour.

Jon’s restaurant doesn’t need an always-on recipe. See it?

Intent and Execution are the gold standard

My friend (I’m calling us friends) Tom Peters has spent decades on the variation of the theme that “execution is everything.” He pushes us over and over again to DO. Because again, Tom knows that having a box of recipes is nothing compared to executing on them and putting food down in front of people. Tom urges us to look at the buying trends in the world and realize that Baby Boomers and Women should be our main markets (in most cases).

Tom’s restaurant caters to those crowds quite well. Are you doing the same?

Open With a Few Dishes

Having a huge recipe box of ideas is one thing. Starting a restaurant and seeing what your guests like is another. We’re all in this space picking up ideas. We go to big events, we read tons of books, we surf hundreds of blogs, but if we’re not trying a few of these recipes out, we’re not really moving forward. We’re thinking plenty more than we’re doing.

What recipes should you start on today? (Here’s a hint: pick just a few, or one, and learn to make it so that your guests sing.)

I Believe This is a BIG Thing

I think we have to accept that we have a big enough recipe box. I think we have to look at what kind of “restaurant” we want to run, what kind of guest we hope to attract, what kind of cost-per-dish we’re aiming for, and what kind of experience we want people to have…

…and then we have to DO.

Will you take a moment and talk about your restaurant? I know I’m hungry."
I need a browser which:  - can classify my opened tabs more intelligently. Today, I open 20 tabs on my Safari, Camino, Firefox or Opera, they invariably get slow, making me spend time on closing them or opening them as seperate windows which leads into a MAC tiling nightmare. So I need something that classifies tabs by groups based on their content, allows me to tag them and remains light on the functioning.  - is more social and makes tweeting, plurking, flickring, facebooking all at ease, through a quick drag drop side widget. I remember a people browsr or a social browsr doing a good job. We need such aggregation built into the browser instead of installing multiple widgets that make it slow, or probably there are some and I am not aware?  - is intelligent enough to understand my reading pattern and suggest articles so that I do not get lost in the info. overload of news and intriguing columns, again a classical case of the information overloaded web world we live in.  There should be tons of more improvements in the central nervous system of the browser. Hit me with yours.  And developers out there who agree with me (or my directional sense of thinking), shall we put in some time and moolah and get one up?
" Is Rome A Safe City To Visit?


That's a bizarre question and the obvious answer is that it's as safe-- or unsafe-- as New York or London or Paris or Chicago or Bangkok or L.A. No doubt if you look hard enough, you can find trouble anywhere. I only even bring it up because in Rick Steves' Rome 2010 he inexplicably seems to dwell on all the misery that can befall a hapless tourist at the hands of Romans determined to ruin everyone's good time. I guess he's just doing his due diligence when he warns his readers that ""[w]ith sweet-talking con artists meeting you at the station, well-dressed pickpockets on buses, and thieving gangs of children at the ancient sites, Rome is a gauntlet of rip-offs. While it is nowhere near as bad as it was a few years ago, and pickpockets don't want to hurt you-- they usually just want your money-- green or sloppy tourists will be scammed. Thieves strike when you're distracted. Don't trust kind strangers. Keep nothing important in your pockets. Be most on guard wen boarding and leaving buses and subways. Thieves crowd the door, then stop and turn while others crowd and push from behind. The sneakiest thieves are well-dressed businessmen (generally with something in their hands); lately many are posing as tourists with fanny packs, cameras, and even Rick Steves guidebooks. Scams abound...""

Jesus, he makes it sound like hell, and especially singles out ""groups of city-stained children (just 8-10 years old-- too young to be prosecuted, but old enough to rip you off) troll though the tourist crowds around the Colosseum, Forum, Piazza della Republica, and train and Metro stations."" Jeepers, that's my neighborhood. In fact, I spent the day walking around the Colosseum, Forum, Victor Emmanuel Monument, Capitoline Hill, conveniently, the smallest of the 7 hills of Rome. Maybe the gangs of trolling 8-10 year olds only come out in summer. Winter is cold in Rome. There were few tourists and no marauding bands of banditos. 

I've felt safe from the moment I arrived. I'm staying in a flat in an old palace, Palazzo del Grillo, built in the 1600s. I'm sitting at my desk on my new MacBook Air and right out the window, literally spitting distance, are the fenced in remote ruins at the back of the Forum (Foro di Nerva I believe). It's an amazing juxtaposition. If there are ghosts-- and I'm sure there are-- they are friendly, or at least pacific. The vibe is tranquil and... safe.

The neighborhood, Monti, is slightly off the beaten track-- the other side of the Forum being where all the action is and all the crowds. In ancient days it was a crowded home to thousands of poor people and brothels. Now the cobbled, winding streets have a special charm, slightly removed from the hectic turmoil of the city around it. A couple of nights ago, I went for a walk the other night and ran across a street party, dozens of people in the street in front of what turned out to be a gallery. Someone invited me in and I was astounded by the exhibition: hundreds of mounted photographs that told the history of Monti from the late 1800's to the present. I spent hours marveling at how the area had changed-- and how it hadn't. There were even pictures of Mussolini and his black-shirted cohorts walking the same streets I was on. 

If there is any sense of danger at all, it's that the drivers are all-- every single one of them-- talking, sometimes quite animatedly-- on cell phones or texting. The traffic seems deadly, although when I got out in it today, I noticed that everyone takes care not to hit anyone and they do slow down if you walk boldly into a crosswalk and stare at them. As for violence... well Berlusconi got slammed in the face with a statuette in Milano, not Roma-- and everyone knows how much the Milanese hate Rome, the Romans, and the central government.

I found an organic grocery store not far and went shopping and I've mostly been eating in while I kick my jet lag and wait for my lost/supposedly found luggage. But last night when I was making my way around Monti, I dropped in to a restaurant that is supposed to be impossible without reservations, F.I.S.H., Fine International Seafood House. Indicative of the season, it was nearly empty and I'm getting the idea that everything that usually hard to get into, from the forbidding lines at the Vatican to La Pergola on the roof of the Cavalieri Hilton. Anyway, F.I.S.H. was very hip and chic, with groovy music and an interesting seafood menu that mostly tended towards the pan-Asian. I had a cream of zucchini soup that fantastic, followed by a delicately curried tandoor sea bass that I can't get out of my mind 20 hours later!

After the above bravado about how easy it will be to get into La Pergola, I decided to call and make a reservation for about two weeks from now-- fulled booked then... and every day before then! Tomorrow I'll be braving the lines at the Vatican at 8:30AM."
I lost my identity yesterday. Along with that, I lost the right to drive (both in India and in the US). I also lost the right to spend money without having any (I believe that’s possible through the use of something called “Credit Cards”). If I ever happen to be jobless in the United States, I have also lost the right to social security. I lost my wallet. It could have been pickpocketed. It could have just dropped out of my back pocket. It could have been zapped out of existence by a recital of Vogon Poetry. My credit cards could have been used to purchase blood diamonds. Or worse still. Barbie dolls. Perhaps even Himesh Reshammiyya’s greatest hits CD. The horrific possibilities are endless. I would now need to pay a little more than the usual bribe to the cop who catches me using my cellphone while I am overtaking a water tanker from the wrong side of the road, at 80 kmph. All because my driving license is now possibly being used to create fake IDs for suicide bombers.  Perhaps I should not have written my ATM pin number on the backside of my debit card.  These are interesting times. To cancel my credit card, ABN Amro wanted me to reconfirm my waist size and the length (in millimetres) of my left hand’s index finger. Security, they say.
" Of course we cannot establish whether God exists. But we can certainly observe human societies all over the world and periods for which historical records are available. I would suggest that we observe the following:

1. The percentage of believers and their strength of belief.

2. Individual experience of spiritual ecstasy.

3. The impact of faith on the material and mental well being of humans.

4. The impact of faith on morality and righteousness and justice.

Perhaps you can come up with more similar points, which would lend themselves to careful systematic accurate objective observation. I think any such observation will lead us to the conclusion, that majority of people in any society anywhere at any time have been strong believers and such belief has made it possible for the societies to run with equity and justice and individuals have been better off mentally and materially. I am sure that one will come across atrocities and cruelties in the name of religion. I think overall the positive factors will prevail. I believe survival of fittest would operate here also and faith survives proving that in general the gains are more than the losses."
"....to the teacher!!

""He will have to learn, I know, that all men are not just and are not
true. But teach him if you can the wonder of books... but also give him
quiet time to ponder the eternal mystery of birds in the sky, bees in
the sun and flowers on a green hillside.
In school, teach him it is far more honourable to fall than to cheat...
Teach to have faith in his own ideas, even if everyone tells him he is
wrong.
Teach him to be gentle with gentlepeople and tough with the tough.
Try to give my son the strength not to follow the crowd when
everyone getting on the bandwagon...
Teach him to listen to all men; but teach him also to filter all he hears
on a screen of truth, and take only the good that comes through.
Teach him, if you can how to laugh when he is sad... Teach him there
is no shame in tears.
Teach him to scoff at cynics and to be aware of too much sweetness.
Teach him to sell his brawn and brain to highest bidders, but never to
put a price on his heart and soul. Teach him to close his ears to a
howling mob... and stand and fight if thinks he is right.
Treat him gently, but do not cuddle him, because only the test of fire
makes fine steel. Let him have the courage to be impatient. Let him
have the patience to be brave. Teach him always to have sublime
faith in himself, because then he will have faith in humankind.
This is a big order, but see what you can do. He is such a fine little
fellow my son! ""

- abraham lincon

POSTED BY SHAIL AT 4:55 PM 0 COMMENTS
LABELS: GREAT PEOPLE GREAT VALUES
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 26, 2009
Important.. undertaking or undertaker!!
Even great plans and initiatives involving foolish people,
.....becomes trivial and worthless !!!
while a small ordinary undertaking by keen and devoted men,
turns out to be the work of times, great admiration...
POSTED BY SHAIL AT 10:58 AM 0 COMMENTS
LABELS: RANDOM THOUGHTS..
TUESDAY, AUGUST 25, 2009
The Last Chance..
Its funny how life throws it upon us..
but.. everytime we are left with no hopes and only darkness around..
there is always a still waiting.. one last chance..!!"
" DREAMERS OF DAY 
Designers are an odd lot: creative, moody, pensive, thoughtful, weird. But the one characteristic that separates designers from others is action. They make stuff that didn’t exist before. They take the idea living deep inside their head and pull it out, realizing it in a drawing, prototype, or product. Unlike most people, they don’t just think about it. They don’t just brainstorm. They don’t just imagine something better and then talk themselves out of it. Instead, they act.

They are, in the words of T.E. Lawrence, dreamers of day.

“All men dream; but not equally.
Those who dream by night in the dusty
recesses of their minds
Awake to find that it was vanity; 
But the dreamers of day are dangerous men. 
That they may act their dreams with open 
eyes to make it possible.”

T. E. Lawrence (aka Lawrence of Arabia)

FEBRUARY 5, 2010 by JOSHUA PORTER
TAGS: week 5
☞WEEK 04☜CONSTRAINTS FUEL CREATIVITY 
We are often led to believe that the more freedom we have the more creative we will be. Full creative license? Sweet. Unlimited budget? Awesome! No timetable? Even better.

Yeah, right.

I say embrace your constraints and draw out of them the very solution that sets you apart from the crowd.

The imposition of constraints can lead to great design decisions. Limitations often force you to view things from a perspective you are not accustomed to and, in turn, can stimulate the clarity and purpose of the design, rather than debilitate and hinder your creative process.

One of the most obvious and currently talked about examples is the iPhone (and as of yesterday, the iPad). There are incredible limitations with such a device. So many that people initially speculated it would be a massive failure. However, the team at Apple truly embodies this ethos. Despite physical constraints, technological constraints, time constraints and, of course, the “Steve” constraint, the team was able to unlock innovative solutions that allowed them to create something truly unique.

Are there problems with the iPhone? Yes. Of course there are. The point is if you want to create a truly compelling experience, don’t complain about your constraints; embrace them. And in doing so, set your creativity on fire!"
"Verbose vs heap-dump I have always shown people 'verbose' that is the way the heap is utilized when threads are acting on application. You have good tools to read verbose file generated by servers and plot it for better UI(I prefer IBM PMAT, pattern modelling and analysis tool).

A more intelligent set of people (esp in java) will not be all happy with this only. They would ask ..""Which objects are there in heap?"" ..Verbose has no answer. A Heap-dump would be having the answer.

The heap dump refers to a file (hprof or txt or phd file) that CAN be collected during the application-run. This is 'stop-the-world' and lengthy process and it will force JVM for compaction also, that means its not a thing to trigger every 10 minutes...although it can be! (For some servers, this has to be enabled before starting the server)

A heap dump obtained is a big file with cryptographic data present in it if opened in simple text editors. This can be read here but beyond my scope at this point. This has to be opened by specialized tool for reading heapDumps (like MDD4J, IBM-HeapDumpAnalyzer, Eclipse MAT --The best so far I found). 

Once opened, you will find a lot of object names present at heap when the snapshot was taken. The UI will show number of each objects, size of each object. Thats ok. The best thing it has is the chain. Not all objects are created directly by the programmer. And once the class unloads, all its objects are cleared..great! No!.. Some objects due to bad coding remains forever.
Example: Cache Objects(implemented without soft referencing)

Other important object that stays in heap are due to big architectural dependencies, these are the objects like Connection, which gets created from a pool (usually) and is binded to various objects, something like Driver/Factory binding. so basically some object (say A) is created by B (directly) and registered by C (indirectly like binding). As B unloads, A remains in the heap as it has reference(C) living, that will kill automatic cleaning up feature of JVM.

There can be various other things available for keeping the object alive. The worst part is, in a heap you cant find the age of the object (I couldn't). Each big object (size wise and number wise) must be traversed to its dominator (parent object) to catch the leak....leak???... yes all the time B loads, it creates A' and A'' A''' A'''' and we have a lot of A's in heap (since C is something that HAS to be on heap and it holds ref. to A's) and one day our Java code will throw ""OutOfMemoryException"" ...yes thats like loop forever and create new Object in a loop!

God gifted quality of bad coding practices can lead to disaster.. this is not functional defect... This is quality defect!.. The code is perfect if code just means giving desired output. Yes it gives desired output but may fail to do so forever and absolutely not when concurrently accessed by million users forever. 

To find these errors, we cant go through code and find defect..Not possible, We might find practice to be perfect but results are disastrous ...so ONLY one hope....""HEAP"" dear coders.... please start reading heap! 

I am doing these nowadays..Once I get more info... I ll share! thanks!

ZeeK"
" The Ultimate Guide To Not Caring and Being Awesome

Today’s guest post is from Diggy at Upgrade Reality where he talks about self improvement and personal growth. I had to post this guide, because it gave me a chuckle, especially in the context of long-term travel… if you do care what other people think, you’ll suffer immeasurably. There’s nothing more humbling than travel and while from the outside it may seem like we’re all free-wheeling adventurers, there is an inherent process to getting there. Not caring and being awesome is a learned skill. Now on to the awesomeness…



Are you one of those people who really cares what other people think of them to such a degree that it influences almost every decision you make?

I have met some people who based every decision they made on trying to get other people to like them. They would buy fashionable brand-name clothes because it was trendy and should impress others. They would live in an expensive apartment because it should impress people. They would drive an expensive car because it should impress people. They would smoke because it was cool.

Caring vs Not Caring

Let’s take an example of two guys:

Guy A does everything with the sole intention to try to impress people. He drives an expensive car to look cool, wears expensive clothes to be classy, buys people drinks to look generous, smokes to look cool, tells stories about all his cool (and fake) adventures.

Guy B doesn’t care much what people think about him. He has his own mission and his own likes and dislikes. If he doesn’t like something he won’t do it or he will simply say no. He is one of those guys who may just show up at a black tie event in shorts and sandals because he was in the area and wanted to see his friends. He will go and dance on an empty dancefloor in a busy club because his favorite song is on and he doesn’t want to wait for others to start dancing before he can have fun. He will be the first one to open his mouth when something isn’t right while other people just wait in line and don’t say anything.

While guy A may initially seem cool, he is fake. Nothing about him is real. Once people discover this about him, they will likely lose respect for him very quickly and all his efforts of trying to impress people actually lead to people disliking him. There is nothing likable about people who are deceptive and unauthentic.

The chances for people to like the guy B are actually pretty high, although he totally doesn’t set out to be liked by people. He is happy with who he is, he has boundaries and he sticks to his principles. Sometimes he may be perceived as a bit of a social idiot with no manners (like showing up at a black tie event in shorts and sandals) and there are people that will not like him for that. However, many people will actually like him and respect him for having such a strong identity and for having his own boundaries because it is something that many other people do not have. He is real and will not sell himself out just to impress other people.



This is a cool little graph that shows the effect of caring what people think about you on how people actually think of you. The more you care what people think of you, the less likely you are perceived to be a cool person. The less you care what people think of you and the more you do your own thing and have a strong sense of your own identity, the more people will think you are totally awesome.

Who do you want to be like? The person who bases every decision on trying to impress others or the person who is on their own mission and happy with who they are?

Not Caring vs Being Stupid

There is a big difference between not caring and being stupid. The reason why I am telling you this is because I don’t want you to read this article and think “Hey, Diggy says I shouldn’t care what people think” and then go up to the first police officer you see and start swearing at him and calling him a fat doughnut-eating pig. That is not the idea behind not caring what other people think, that is being plain stupid because it WILL get you arrested.

Not caring about what people think means not basing your decisions on what people will think of you.

You do something because it is what YOU want to do, or it is a part of your goals or mission. If you are in a great mood and feel like doing a cartwheel on the street then just do it. If you think an outfit looks really nice, don’t worry about if others will like it or not. If you have something you want to share with the world, don’t be too scared to stand up and tell people about it just because it is possible that they will laugh at you.

I think that by now you understand what I am trying to say.



How To Not Care

Okay, this is what you have been waiting for the entire article: How to not care what other people think of you.

It is one thing so say “Ahh, I don’t really care what people think”, but it is another story to actually not care what other people think. How do you go about adopting the habit of not being affected by how other people will think of you (especially when you have conditioned yourself for years to base your actions on impressing people)?

First, it is going to take time.

You will not be able to change yourself overnight, and probably not within a week either. It is going to to take you conscious effort for a few weeks or even a few months before you can really and truly not care about what others think of you or your actions.

People don’t like you because of what you buy and what you have, they like you for who you are and what you are. (There are unfortunately always people who will pretend to be your friend for their own personal gain. These are not the kind of people who you want to like you anyways). This is something I am telling you from experience, and even though you may take what I say to heart, you will still have to realize it for yourself. I cannot do that for you.

Secondly, you are going to feel awkward.

The only way to really not care about what people think means you have to start doing what you want in the situations where you normally change your behavior to impress other people. Initially this is going to feel awkward to you. You might feel humiliated, stupid or embarrased. It doesn’t matter, it’s part of the process and it won’t kill you.

I used to be the guy who cared a lot about what other people thought. I used to want gadgets, clothes and cars to impress people. I used to think if I just went along with other people I would fit in and they would like me. It took me a good 3 years to get to my current stage where I care little about what other people think of how I live my life.



Where it started for me is being really shy to approach attractive girls. I would be scared to go over and talk to her because of what she might think of me. And if she didn’t want to talk to me I would be scared to be humiliated in front of other people. Like I said, it took me a long time to change my thought process and not care anymore what people think about me. The only way to change it was lots of experiences, forcing myself to go up to attractive girls and just saying the first thing that came to mind (which was often something ridiculously stupid).

It took me a long time to realize that it doesn’t matter.

It doesn’t matter what people think of you when you do something. It doesn’t matter if you do something cool or something stupid. Most people don’t even know you and will never see you again. So what if you do something stupid and people around you think that you are a moron for a few hours. They probably won’t even pay attention to you for more than a few minutes.

Do you remember someone who made a complete fool out of themselves last week, or last month, or last year? Maybe you can think of one or two people, but other than that you probably can’t, even though there were hundreds of people around you who felt that they did something stupid or who felt embarrassed about what other people would think about them.

Parting Words

The most clear and simple instruction that I can teach you how not to care about what people think of you is this:

Whenever you do something ask yourself “Am I doing this to impress other people and because I hope to be liked by others, or am I doing this for myself?”

If the HONEST answer to the above question is that you are doing something to impress others and you wouldn’t really do it otherwise, then don’t do it. Do things because they are part of your mission, your goal or because they amuse you.

Remember, it doesn’t matter what the people in the restaurant think of you, or what the group of girls at the club think of you, or what the people who view your Youtube videos think of you."
" Wire Up Your Customer Base
MARCH 10, 2010 · COMMENTS
My friend Mick Galuski is sneaky. Every Wednesday, he sends a direct message of a TwitPic of MY weekly comics. Not some weekly comics. MY weekly comics. He knows that I’ll want them. He knows that I’ll get to them soon as I can. And lately, he knows that I’ll send Kat when I’m out of the country in England and in Colombia to come and get them. I wasn’t that passionate about comics again until Mick MADE me more passionate, by keeping them top of mind for me every Wednesday.

He has a @toysoldiergames Twitter account that he’s working on using for other promotions and to educate his customer base. I think it will do super well.

This isn’t rocket surgery kids (as my Boston friends say). This is marketing. It’s deadly sniper-level good marketing, because Mick makes it about MY comics, and about Ray’s Warhammer 40K miniatures, and about other people’s specific stuff.

And Mick runs a small store with just a few employees. If he can find the time to sell this way, you have to really think about it.

Think he sells more than people who don’t do this? I’m guessing yes. You?"
After feeling like a castaway due to spending a few weeks on a secluded beach in Mexico. I awoke one day with an idea of walking the entire bay and picking up trash. The strange bit of this adventure was the amount of shoes that I found. It was interesting that I never came across pairs, only a single lone shoe missing its twin. After collection two grocery bags full. I thought it would be a good idea to make them into some form of art before I threw them into the garbage. Mimicking the palm leaf shapes casting shadows on the ground, I ordered the shoes largest to smallest creating my "found object art piece" Here's the photo of my work! I'm still a bit bewildered by how many shoes are washed up on shore when compared to other trash items. I think that this provides a bit of a lesson to all of us. Please check your shoes to be sure they are a snug fit, or leave them with your towel. The ocean has a way of taking them and never giving them back.
" I had a very pleasant discussion that night about the significance of Mary in terms of my early childhood. I was born in 1970, to parents who were, to some extent, limited by being the first in their respective families to aspire to a university education, and having both ventured outside the UK to practise their teaching.

I think they were confident professionally but less so in other areas of their lives. They'd have liked to have been hippies, but were too responsible to be properly bohemian. They made an effort, though. I grew up amid brown-painted walls, cane furniture, ostrich and peacock feathers (although this was a fairly brief trend) and my mother wafting around in maxi-dresses, sometimes risking the faintest hint of patchouli. Musically, my abiding memory of long car journeys is a mixed bag: Carpenters, Beach Boys, Simon & Garfunkel, Boney M..."
" As I parked the car and started carrying him into the hospital, my stomach was full of butterflies and my head was full of paranoia. Not paranoid thoughts, just pure plain head splitting paranoia. I seemed to be visiting this place so often that I should get a season ticket. I'm sure the Security Guard nodded with a frown of recognition, and I still had to face the receptionist. I tried to calm myself down as I answered her numerous questions, told myself I was being stupid. I couldn't see her screen but I could imagine it now showing all of our details, all our numerous visits. I know I'm a good loving parent, I do believe in a smacked bum, but I don't believe in beating a child. I needed to stop panicking, it would all be fine. 

""Was you alone in the house with the child when the incident happened?"" This one brought me up short. Would they have asked a woman that question? When did the accident become an incident? I guess I should be thankful that she referred to him as the child and not the victim. I bit my tongue and gave neither a smart arse nor a stinging retort, just a feeble ""Yes"". I think I just made myself look more guilty, her eyes have changed I'm sure of it. Maybe I should be getting angry with the delay, but I know they're only doing their job. But one of their jobs is flushing out child abusers, and did I now look like one?"
"If anyone was looking for a self-righteous extreme feminist, they found one in Angie Jackson. This is a woman who was so proud she was aborting her baby that she announced she would ""tweet"" her chemical-cocktail abortion live, as it happened, on Twitter. The liberal media found this made-for-TV slaughter fascinating, and not at all a controversy worthy of discussing with two sides.

Newsweek’s Sarah Kliff proclaimed: ""One hundred thousand people have watched Angie Jackson's abortion. Late last month, Jackson posted a video of herself to YouTube, recorded after she took RU-486, a medication used to end pregnancies."" Kliff asked only ""why shame remains"" about the act of killing one’s baby. Jackson was honored for her courage in ""demystifying"" and ""destigmatizing"" the procedure: ""We need 10,000 more of her,"" proclaimed Peg Johnston, chair of something called the Abortion Care Network. This desire for 10,000 more unashamed abortions is what ""pro-choice"" is all about.

Overall, this was just another classic tale from the ""news"" magazine that lamented 20 years ago that ""Sadly, many home [abortion] remedies could damage a fetus instead of kill it."" What about the pro-life side?

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/brent-bozell/2010/03/10/bozell-column-shameless-abortion-carnival#ixzz0iPK9N1ID
"
"Tomorrow the FCC will release a national broadband strategy. The plan will set goals for expanding broadband to unserved and under-served areas, promote greater speeds, and drive consumer demand. It will harness this communications technology to urgent national priorities, such as jobs, education, health, energy, and security. In short, the plan will lay the groundwork for investing in America’s future.
Yes, the Internet was invented in the United States. Yes, we once led the world in broadband development. But now, networks in many countries, from Western Europe to East Asia, are faster and more advanced than our own. Long after we recover from this recession, this broadband gap will be a dead weight on American businesses and workers, unless we act now.
As with the space race in the 1960s, America needs a national effort by our scientists, engineers, companies, educational institutions and government agencies. Just like that great national adventure, we need near-term and long-term goals.
Broadband is an essential input to expanding business, education, and healthcare opportunities everywhere. As soon as possible, we need to bring Internet access to every community, from rural America to the inner cities.But we also need even more ambitious objectives — or “stretch goals” — that test the limits of our ingenuity. When President John F. Kennedy summoned the nation to space exploration, the immediate goal was to send an astronaut in orbit around the earth. But JFK called for “putting a man on the moon” because he knew that dream would inspire Americans to literally reach for the stars.
The private sector has a big job to do, and needs to carry much of the investment. For our part, we plan to build and test an ultra-high-speed broadband network in at least one U.S. community. We are excited by the amount of support our proposed testbed has received from local communities and individuals.
But smart, tailored public policies are critical too. Let’s install broadband fiber as part of every federally-funded infrastructure project, from highways to mass transit. And let’s deploy broadband fiber to every library, school, community health center, and public housing facility in the U.S.
I support a national broadband strategy because ubiquitous broadband connectivity can catapult America into the next level of economic competitiveness, worker productivity, and educational opportunity. But as in the past, we will make this breakthrough by choice, not chance."
"In a warning shot to wavering Democrats, the progressive action group MoveOn.org is making a major push to raise money on behalf of primary challengers to those House lawmakers who vote against health care reform.

The group is set to blast out an email to its five million member list Monday asking recipients to pledge anywhere from $25 to $200 (or more) for the purposes of defeating conservative Democrats who help defeat the legislation.

""Health care reform is in serious danger in the House of Representatives: with a handful of conservative Democrats wavering, we don't yet have the votes to pass the final bill,"" reads the email, which was sent in advance to the Huffington Post. ""So we're asking every MoveOn member: will you pledge to support progressive primary challengers to House Democrats who side with Republicans to kill health care reform?

""With the big vote happening as early as this Friday, conservative Democrats need to know the stakes if they choose to side with Big Insurance over the voters on health care reform,"" the email goes on. ""Our pledge will send that message loud and clear. We'll publicize the amount pledged, and make sure the media and every wavering representative know about it."""
"Some good stuff is goin' down:

1. Both Jeannie and I have all weekend off work. Hopefully we will be able to get much done. Tomorrow we've got an electrical workshop in the morning, and then we'll spend the rest of the day shopping for various things. Sunday is planned as a serious work day. 

2. I set up some recording equipment in the basement today. It felt so freakin' good to do some recording again. I haven't done any since we moved into our crap apartment last September. Also nice to not have to worry about other people hearing me be loud. 

3. The best news is that our friends the Schluetermetz' are going to be moving from Oregon back to Ohio this summer. This means that they will once again be within a half-day's drive from us, back in the same time-zone. Pretty damned exciting stuff. Secret plans forming in my head...

Tonight for dinner I had some black beans and eggs with some spicy salsa. A fiery, burnin' salsa, which means it's gonna burn my butt on the way out."
"Sam and Max will bring their off-kilter humor to PlayStation 3 for the first time in The Devil's Playhouse: The Penal Zone, the first episode in a new season of Telltale's episodic adventure series. In a first for the PlayStation Store, the full season -- consisting of five monthly episodes -- will become available for pre-order on March 18, nearly a month before The Penal Zone launches on April 15.

While PC and Mac owners will receive substantial benefits for pre-ordering the full season, including a free game episode, access to developer chats and extra downloadable goodies, Telltale noted that it also has a deal in store (you know, actually in the store) for console players. According to Telltale PR manager Chris Schmidt, pre-ordering the full pack will reduce the cost to $29.99, a minor but not unwelcome discount from the regular price of $34.95.

Speaking to Joystiq at a meeting during the Game Developers Conference on Friday, Schmidt also addressed the obvious question: Will this season of Sam & Max come to Xbox 360 or Wii? He called it a ""definite possibility"" a few months down the line, and noted that it's in Telltale's best interest to work with more partners and deliver its games to as wide an audience as possible. Designer Chuck Jordan jokingly added that Telltale would ultimately like ""to get the games on everything that has a chip in it.""

Forget the 360 -- what could be better than getting Sam & Max in a tube of Pringles?"
"This afternoon at SXSW, a panel of Gmail and Google Buzz team members took part in a panel where they discussed what goes on behind the scenes at Gmail. The panel covered a smattering of topics, covering everything from Gmail stickers to site speed, but eventually the discussion turned to the elephant in the room: Google Buzz’s privacy shortcomings when it launched last month.

Google Product Manager Todd Jackson said that Google had learned a lot from the incident, acknowledging that Google was in error when it made the assumption that users wanted to move their email and chat contacts over to their Buzz social graph, and auto-followed them.  To make sure that kind of blunder doesn’t happen again, he revealed that Google may start pre-releasing new Buzz features to small subsets of users.

So why exactly did Google Buzz launch with some key social features missing? Jackson said that while Google employees were testing out the product internally, they never had much desire to mute any of their coworkers, and that their email contact list closely matched the people they wanted to follow on Buzz. Obviously, that wasn’t true for most people once the product was released outside of the Googleplex. Which is why Google is considering pre-releasing new Buzz features to a few thousand opt-in users long before they’re rolled out to the public.

That would stand in contrast to what Google does for many of its major product launches, as Jackson says that the company doesn’t like to preannounce things (it frustrates users when they can’t try the new release out for themselves). But in the case of Buzz, where changes can have a major impact with respect to user privacy, it sounds like Google may be making an exception. Jackson also noted that he had actually asked SXSW speaker danah boyd to give her keynote talk on privacy and publicity at Google headquarters."
"For most of the world, today is March 14th, or 3/14. To most, that date doesn’t have any special meaning. But to us math nerds, it means only one thing: today is Pi Day! Thankfully, it looks like Google has no shortage of number nerds, because the search giant is marking the occasion with a spiffy new logo filled with some of choice geometry formulas.

π (Pi) is the mathematical constant that has helped school children and mathematics professors determine the circumference of a circle based on its diameter for centuries. The constant starts with 3.14 and continues forever (as it is an irrational number). Many math geeks celebrate the famous math constant (and mathematics in general) on every 14th of March because that date represents the first three digits of Pi.

Google’s (Google) new logo, which you can see on the top right, contains not only the famous πr2 formula, but five other uses of π: measuring the volume of a sphere (V = 4⁄3 πr3), computing the circumference of a circle (C = 2πr), measuring the volume of a cylinder (V = πr2h), Archimedes’ calculation of Pi (223/71 < π < 22/7), and the periodic function of sin(x).

As a former physics major and long-time math nerd, I love Pi Day, and I am very happy that Google not only celebrated the occasion but created such an intricate logo to mark this day. Almost everyone worldwide will see this logo: it’s Mothers Day in the UK (the fourth Sunday of Lent), and thus they have their own logo to celebrate it, which we have included below.

How will you celebrate Pi Day? Please let us know in the comments!"
"Tonight, the new season of The Celebrity Apprentice premiered. Video of the episode's two standout moments—in which Rod Blagojevich was caught in a lie and Donald Trump argued with Cyndi Lauper about how ""disgusting"" Rosie O'Donnell is—is inside.

The premiere episode's challenge saw the two teams (once again, it's men vs. women) operating diners in an attempt to raise money for the chosen charity of their project managers. Joan Rivers, winner of the show's last season, stopped by both and gave her critiques to Trump. Apparently, Rivers was less than impressed with the men's team, citing Blagojevich's chatty nature as the reason her burger took nearly 10 minutes to get from the kitchen (post-completion) to the table. When asked about this, Blagojevich immediately put on his politician hat and issued the age-old ""I don't recall"" defense."
"I was just flicking through my old hard drive and found some shit I had saved from years ago. Thought this was fucking hilarious.. a review of brighton's 'chav scene' back when times were tough among these troubled youth's spoken about in the text below... anyone got any ideas who wrote it? Can be viewed online here.

""ah yes churchill square, home of the Too Messy Crew
yea want to know something i was apart of this crew a few years back, and i know them all mostly (although we never speak cos we hate eachother)
yes at night its there roaming spot, it used to be down by the king alfred in hove, thats where i first joined, but back then, it was just us all sitting around having a drink with a little bombfire, yes we caused trouble but we was young (i was never a chav, but my friends were) and the trouble we caused was play fighting in the middle of the road, blowing up lighters , a destroying the public toliets
let me tell you something dont be scared of these people, they are weak a couple of years back i would of said “yes they are ‘ard, watch your step”
but that was only cos i was part of them, most of them live in whitehawk, and hove, they are all fakes, they all live in nice big houses, with their mums and dads, and bros and sisters. well thats a lie they dont all live like that but they might aswell
heres something to make u laugh, half of them are emotional idiots, the last day of my secondary school, i had a few of them around me drunk out of their minds, (as usual) with the ‘ardest girl crying on my shoulder saying she will miss me (even though i hated her, and she hated me and we both knew it) emotional wrecks too be honest.
if i havent seen every guy in that ‘crew’ cry once, then ive seen it twice, and the girls even more.
and chavs to the fullest, girls wearing mini skirts, and revealing tops and guys walking around with their hands down their trousers.
while these…people (if they are even worth that name) can fight, its only because they are in a group, like on animal shows, they hunt in packs but alone they are just as much the prey as we are.
but they prefer vocal bullying and the more of a reaction they get the funnier for them, the less reaction they get, then yes they will laugh but only at their own embarresment
i was told to make this funny, but y make it funny, you can get all the laughs you want at looking at them."""
"Two months ago, Google threatened to shut down its China search engine over censorship. Yet until today, its China search engine has stayed up with results still censored. Now the search company is finally expected to announce that it’s going to actually follow through and slowly shut down its China search engine.

So why does it feel like Google’s (Google) impending decision will not have the impact it could have had two months ago?

When Google first made its declaration, the implications seemed enormous. One of the world’s largest technology companies was reigniting the censorship debate. Governments and activists would query China over the Google attacks and the state of free speech in its country, while Google would be taking the moral high ground as it walked away from one of the world’s largest markets due to principle.

Instead, we’ve had a two month “will they or won’t they?” type of affair that even Google’s co-founder said could take a year or two to resolve. Now that the end game may be close, what will happen when Google actually pulls out of the world’s most populated nation?

The answer, sadly, is not much."
"    * Miley Cyrus is excited she'll be free of Hannah Montana (and Disney) after this filming this season. Says Miley: ""I hate being thought of as a product. I am not a doll, and people want to treat me that way...""

    * Miley continues in the new issue of Parade, ""I'm older now. I have an opinion. I have my own taste."" Miley says while filming the final season she's had ""to grit my teeth"" when she is forced to wear ""sparkles"" and pink costumes. She added, ""What I am sure about is I'm going to rejoice and be happy to finally not have to be ... well, to not be somebody I'm not exactly."" [Us]
    * Nicholas Brendon of Buffy The Vampire Slayer fame was arrested for felony vandalism. Someone called the police to report that a man who appeared to be drunk was causing a commotion and damaging property. When they arrived, Brendon took a swing at an officer and they tased Brendon twice. [TMZ]
    * Here's the police report on Nicholas Brendon. [Radar]
    * As mentioned earlier, Corey Feldman skipped Corey Haim's funeral yesterday, but wrote him an open letter, or ""letter for the grave"" to Corey Haim. ""First off I am so sorry I am not there with you today,"" Feldman writes. ""By that I mean my physical body is not with your physical body. However you know that my heart is right at your side."" [E!]
    * The London premiere of The Blind Side has been canceled because Sandra Bullock isn't attending. [Daily Express]
    * The studio says Sandra Bullock can't make it due to ""unforeseen personal reasons."" Could it have something to do with the tabloid story that came out today about her husband Jesse James sleeping with a tattoo model? [Daily Mail]
    * Jesse James took down his Twitter page today. [Radar]
    * Did actress Rebecca Hall break up Kate Winslet's marriage to Sam Mendes? Sources can't agree. One says, ""When Kate found out that Sam had grown close to Rebecca she was upset. Rebecca is totally Sam's type - a thespian mix of brains and beauty,"" but another insists, ""Sam and Rebecca are good friends, of course they are, they have spent the better part of a year working together on the Bridge Project. But to insinuate that there is anything further in the friendship is taking it too far."" [Daily Mail]
    * Another source says Sam Mendes and Kate Winslet ""just grew apart,"" which is much less interesting, but probably more likely. [People]
    * Michael Lohan will undergo an angioplasty today after having a mild heart attack, but he took the time to contact Radar from his hospital bed. He resports, ""I got a text message from Lindsay which read: ‘OMG. Hope you are okay' and my other kids have all been in contact with me too."" [Radar]"
"Because no one reads the newspaper, and SportsCenter's anchors are too perky for this early in the morning, Deadspin combs the best of the broadsheets and the blogosphere to bring you everything you need to know to start your day.

•Joshua Clottey blames his listless performance against Manny Pacquiao on a bad case of diarrhea. That would explain the lack of punches, but one would have expected him to dance more.

•The women's college basketball bracket has been announced, featuring UConn and a 63-team play-in tournament.

•Today, in players taking Spring Training too seriously: Cliff Lee got ejected after throwing at Chris Snyder. Both benches emptied, but no punches were thrown. Welcome to the Cactus League; those Grapefruit pussies wouldn't last a day.

•Who opens the new Meadowlands, the Jets or the Giants? Both! But really the Giants. The Jets get Monday Night Football, one day after the Giants have the first regular season game. It's said that a good compromise leaves everyone angry. Except the Giants.

•Michigan's only known wild Wolverine was found dead this weekend. There was no immediate word on what killed it, but experts suspect it was death by Evan Turner, or perhaps Rich Rodriguez.

•••••

Good work waking up today. We'll try to make it worth your while."
we are most wonderful in our own stride. Even the weakest link is the strongest one. We just have to believe that God has made us in a way that we all form keys of a massive lock that needs to be adjusted, formed in proper combination and then run through for unlocking the mystery. So today take a chance, decide and go for it. you will win .... just believe that you will, and the beliefs will follow you. Just take a step to target, and the roads will move you... trust me to trust yourself and the God will trust you, and he like me , like you will hit the target and make it worth... we are what we are ... and we are all the best 
"Immediately following his well-attended GDC panel, Nintendo's Yoshio Sakamoto talked with us about (what else?) Metroid: Other M. In addition to all sorts of questions on the unique Team Ninja collaboration, we asked Sakamoto about the long-rumored Metroid Dread  project and, barring a confirmation of that product, when we'd see another 2D handheld Metroid.

Joystiq: Speaking of the core Metroid development team that last worked on the GBA, there have been rumors of a game known as 'Metroid Dread' – purportedly a 2D Metroid game for DS. First question: Was 'Dread' a real project? Second question: If not, where is a 2D Metroid on DS?

Yoshio Sakamoto: It seems we get a lot of questions about Metroid Dread, especially at interviews following E3 for example. But nothing's ever been announced about this game; it's all just been rumors so far. So we never know exactly how to respond to questions like this.

While there actually was a point where some teams were meeting to discuss if it was possible to create a 2D Metroid for DS using a relatively small team size, it's not something that we ever really announced or thought of as ""Metroid Dread."" But whenever people bring out that idea, we recognize that the basic concept is something that we can't say never existed. But at the same time, we can't of course, make any official comment about a Metroid Dread-like project coming out.

Our main goal [with Metroid: Other M] is to, as I said earlier, first raise knowledge about the Metroid universe and the Samus character before we start to introduce different elements like online or even going back to another handheld game for the next in the series. So there's nothing coming immediately, we want to think about these new challenges first.

But, of course, we never say never. "
"In March 2005, a low-key Princeton economist who had become a Federal Reserve  governor coined a novel theory to explain the growing tendency of Americans to borrow from foreigners, particularly the Chinese, to finance their heavy spending.

The problem, he said, was not that Americans spend too much, but that foreigners save too much. The Chinese have piled up so much excess savings that they lend money to the United States at low rates, underwriting American consumption.

This colossal credit cycle could not last forever, he said. But in a global economy, the transfer of Chinese money to America was a market phenomenon that would take years, even a decade, to work itself out. For now, he said, “we probably have little choice except to be patient.”

Today, the dependence of the United States on Chinese money looks less benign. And the economist who proposed the theory, Ben S. Bernanke, is dealing with the consequences, having been promoted to chairman of the Fed in 2006, as these cross-border money flows were reaching stratospheric levels.

In the past decade, China has invested upward of $1 trillion, mostly earnings from manufacturing exports, into American government bonds and government-backed mortgage debt. That has lowered interest rates and helped fuel a historic consumption binge and housing bubble in the United States.

China, some economists say, lulled American consumers, and their leaders, into complacency about their spendthrift ways."
"What do you do when things you take for granted suddenly disappear on you? I'm not talking people, but things that everyone in a ""developed"" world takes for granted. Today, for half my day, I got to see such a world, and, well, I'm not sure how I feel.

This afternoon, there was a power outage at work. With no power, and no idea when it would return, a few of us collected in the cafeteria and played some table tennis. It was fun seeing and interacting with colleagues in a new manner. You get to see a new side of people, that you don't really expect of them. After a couple of hours, I decided to head home and catch some much needed R&R.

Reached home, and, thankfully, the blackout had not affected my apartment. What it had done, however, was knock out my cable and internet connection. Now thats something you don't see everyday, and more importantly its not something one expects.

Now if there's a blackout, you obviously cant really do anything sitting at home. This, however, is like a tease. You have electricity, but you cant watch TV, or get online. Everything we do, seems to revolve around this. (I should add, I couldn't go out because of the heavy downpour that was at play. ) I probably should have caught up on my reading, or played with my camera, instead, I pulled out the dvd player, dusty and unused, and cleaned out my netflix queue.

Four hours with no connection to the outside world (yes, I restricted use of the iPhone), and yet, somehow I manage to revolve around some form of technology. Is it an addiction, or just a force of habit, that drives this? I wonder… but I know, today I relived a time when this was natural, and it felt so very unnatural."
"Well, we just got a little up close and personal with HTC's ""superphone,"" the Desire. What you're looking at is basically the Nexus One, sans trackball (though plus an optical touch area). Certainly the specs are the same, though you've got the new Sense UI on board for good measure. At a glance the phone actually doesn't seem as snappy as we were expecting, and there are obviously a few kinks to work out with some of the new Sense concepts (Leap for instance -- the pinch-to-card view -- was giving our demo person some trouble). Still, the Desire is definitely high on our gadget lust list right now. We're obviously reserving final judgment for a later date, but until we get some more time with this guy, feast your eyes on the gallery below.

Update: Added a quick video after the break showing the Sense UI... not behaving.

Update 2: We've been told by an HTC rep that the Sense build on the Desire unit we played with is actually quite early, so it's probably not indicative of the actual performance of the pinch-to-card view. We played with a Legend that had a later, nearly final build of the UI and it was definitely snappier and more responsive. "
"WASHINGTON — For President Obama, getting into a serious fight with Israel  carries obvious domestic and foreign political risks. But it may offer the administration a payoff it sees as worthwhile: shoring up Mr. Obama’s credibility as a Middle East peacemaker by showing doubtful Israelis and Palestinians that he has the fortitude to push the two sides toward an agreement.
Yuri Gripas/Reuters

Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said ties between the United States and Israel were still strong.
Multimedia
 Back Story With The Times's Ethan Bronner
Related

    *
      Israel Objects to U.S. Construction Demands (March 17, 2010)

The risks at home were on display on Tuesday, as more than two dozen members of Congress, many of them Democrats, implored Mr. Obama to ease the tensions with the Israeli government after its announcement of a Jewish housing plan during a visit by Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.

The House Republican whip, Representative Eric Cantor of Virginia, called the White House chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, to complain that the administration had seized on a minor diplomatic contretemps to try to impose its views on a loyal friend. Sarah Palin, the former Republican vice presidential candidate, issued a statement urging the president to “push the reset button on our relations with our ally Israel.”

For all the angst coming from Capitol Hill, however, the Obama administration seemed generally unruffled. And there were tentative signs that it was taking steps to cool the temperature.

Mr. Biden and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel spoke by telephone on Tuesday evening, an administration official said. It was not clear what the two men talked about; aides to Mr. Biden did not return calls. "
I am a big Joe Biden fan. The vice president is an indefatigable defender of U.S. interests abroad. So it pains me to say that on his recent trip to Israel, when Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu’s government rubbed his nose in some new housing plans for contested East Jerusalem, the vice president missed a chance to send a powerful public signal: He should have snapped his notebook shut, gotten right back on Air Force Two, flown home and left the following scribbled note behind: “Message from America to the Israeli government: Friends don’t let friends drive drunk. And right now, you’re driving drunk. You think you can embarrass your only true ally in the world, to satisfy some domestic political need, with no consequences? You have lost total contact with reality. Call us when you’re serious. We need to focus on building our country.” 
"On October 3rd, as the spreading economic meltdown threatened to topple financial behemoths like American International Group (AIG) and Bank of America and plunged global markets into freefall, the U.S. government responded with the largest bailout in American history. The Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, better known as the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), authorized the use of $700 billion to stabilize the nation's failing financial systems and restore the flow of credit in the economy.

The legislation's guidelines for crafting the rescue plan were clear: the TARP should protect home values and consumer savings, help citizens keep their homes, and create jobs. Above all, with the government poised to invest hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars in various financial institutions, the legislation urged the bailout's architects to maximize returns to the American people.

That $700 billion bailout has since grown into a more than $12 trillion commitment by the U.S. government and the Federal Reserve. About $1.1 trillion of that is taxpayer money -- the TARP money and an additional $400 billion rescue of mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The TARP now includes 12 separate programs, and recipients range from megabanks like Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase to automakers Chrysler and General Motors.

Seven months in, the bailout's impact is unclear. The Treasury Department has used the recent ""stress test"" results it applied to 19 of the nation's largest banks to suggest that the worst might be over; yet the International Monetary Fund as well as economists like New York University professor and economist Nouriel Roubini and New York Times columnist Paul Krugmanpredict greater losses in U.S. markets, rising unemployment, and generally tougher economic times ahead.

What cannot be disputed, however, is the financial bailout's biggest loser: the American taxpayer. The U.S. government, led by the Treasury Department, has done little, if anything, to maximize returns on its trillion-dollar, taxpayer-funded investment. So far, the bailout has favored rescued financial institutions by subsidizing their losses to the tune of $356 billion, shying away from much-needed management changes and -- with the exception of the automakers -- letting companies take taxpayer money without a coherent plan for how they might return to viability.

The bailout's perks have been no less favorable for private investors who are now picking over the economy's still-smoking rubble at the taxpayers' expense. The newer bailout programs rolled out by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner give private equity firms, hedge funds, and other private investors significant leverage to buy ""toxic"" or distressed assets, while leaving taxpayers stuck with the lion's share of the risk and potential losses."
"It’s worth wondering what liberals will celebrate when they sit down to their free-range turkey or yummy tofu loafs. We can be certain that they’ll lift a glass of sulfate-free wine or organic apple cider to family and friends, while the rest of us drink our sulfates and pesticides.

Liberals might, like many of us, root for their favorite pro or college football teams — that is, if they don’t object to the violence of a male-dominated sport.

Otherwise, what will liberals and conservatives have in common this Thanksgiving? Not overeating, as liberals don’t overeat. After all, obesity is a crisis in America, along with a thousand and one other crises that liberals have catalogued.

Liberals won’t be thankful for McDonald’s or Burger King or Nathan’s. Or Little Debbie Snack Cakes or Hostess Ho-Hos or Hershey’s chocolate bars. Those, along with a lot of other enterprises and products, are part of the vast industrial food complex, hell-bent on making a profit from expanding waistlines. It’s about the fat grams, stupid.

Perhaps they’ll celebrate the nation’s economy. Though now sputtering under the benign hand of Barack Obama, the American economy is the greatest on the planet. It has lifted the lives of not only Americans and the nation’s sizable illegal population, but has spread the benefits of capitalism, individual initiative, and creativity across the globe.

But liberals can’t celebrate economic liberty or American economic success. All that economic freedom is a bad thing. Along with their Big Macs and Twinkies, Americans consume too much of the world’s diminishing resources. Take energy, for instance — Americans are energy gluttons. They keep their houses too warm in the winter and too cool in the summer. They drive gas-guzzlers. Some even have powerboats or RVs. Others refuse to put low-flow toilets in their bathrooms and use more than a square of toilet paper at a time.

Go and get more energy? Exploit the natural resources that abound on American soil and off its shores? Use technology to build nuclear power plants? Nonsense. Getting more crude oil or natural gas or coal means raping the environment. And anyone remember Three Mile Island or Chernobyl?

Conventional energy use just spews greater amounts of life-choking carbon into the air. Despite nine consecutive years of global cooling, despite the fraud perpetrated by global warming zealots, liberals know — just know in the marrow of their bones — the world is getting hotter. What are we — twenty years, ten years, or five years from the oceans rising and swamping coastlines? Or are the oceans supposed to boil off? What about all those polar bears dropping from melting icebergs into the briny seas?

Perhaps liberals can celebrate the success of fellow liberal and mountebank Al Gore. The former vice president parlayed his global warming flimflam into a fat bank account and a Nobel Prize. You see, it’s okay for liberals to get rich — or filthy rich, in Gore’s case — selling carbon offsets or hemp clothes or books bashing George W. Bush or Sarah Palin. Or making lots of money on Wall Street, though that’s supposed to be a secret. But Gore has been celebrated so much by liberals that he’s getting to be like the cousin who outstays his welcome."
So my big state-of-economics piece is out. Just a few notes, since I have to get to bed early: we have 27 miles over hills to do tomorrow.First, to anyone who wishes I’d given credit — yes, I was helped by reading many sources (especially Justin Fox), but it’s a magazine article, not a book with room for an acknowledgments page; I couldn’t even acknowledge the editing work done by my wife, Robin Wells, which played a big role. Some fairly extensive sections had to be taken out — for example, I wanted to include material about Paul Samuelson’s 1948 textbook, which reads very well in the current crisis, but had to cut it. Hyman Minsky also got crowded out. Sorry.Second, on whether the pretty good response of policy-oriented economists in the crisis undercuts the thesis — I don’t think so. I mean, yes, my colleagues are smart people, and some of them are highly flexible and quick on their feet. But the fact remains that many of these responses have been completely ad hoc; there just wasn’t the theoretical development in advance there would have been if the profession hadn’t been chasing the neoclassical dream.Third, on an interesting point raised by Discover (via Mark Thoma): won’t we eventually have a true theory that’s as beautiful as the full neoclassical version? Well, one thing’s for sure: we don’t have that beautiful final theory now, so the current choice is between ideas that are beautiful but wrong and a much messier hodgepodge. But my guess is that even in the long run it won’t be all that neat. Discover suggests general relativity versus Newtonian physics; but a better model may be meteorology, which as I understand it starts from some simple basic principles but is fiendishly complex in practice.Actually, let me put it this way: the economy is a complex system of interacting individuals — and these individuals themselves are complex systems. Neoclassical economics radically oversimplifies both the individuals and the system — and gets a lot of mileage by doing that; I, for one, am not going to banish maximization-and-equilibrium from my toolbox. But the temptation is always to keep on applying these extreme simplifications, even where the evidence clearly shows that they’re wrong. What economists have to do is learn to resist that temptation. But doing so will, inevitably, lead to a much messier, less pretty view.So be it.
"On Friday morning, Hillary Rodham Clinton was the picture of a stern superpower diplomat, warning North Korea not to test a long-range ballistic missile. A few hours later, she was asked by a giggly Korean student how she knew she had fallen in love with her husband.
Skip to next paragraph
Enlarge This Image
Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images

Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton at a women’s university in South Korea on Friday.
Related
What the Chinese Want From Obama

Room for DebateWhat does Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton need to know about China when she visits Beijing?
Join the Discussion »

“I feel more like an advice columnist than a secretary of state,” Mrs. Clinton said with a smile.

Henry Kissinger, this isn’t.

On each stop of her Asian tour, Mrs. Clinton is redefining the job of secretary of state, fusing the weighty themes of regional security and nuclear proliferation with lighter encounters in which Mrs. Clinton is quizzed about her musical tastes or asked what it was like to raise her daughter.

She is also redefining herself to some extent. After going to Beijing in 1995 as first lady to deliver an impassioned speech on women’s rights, Mrs. Clinton has sidelined human rights on this trip, saying she does not want the topic to interfere with central issues like climate change or the economic crisis."
"I have a question for all the commenters out there: Would you star in a porn film if someone asked you? A real porn film that gets posted on the Internet and everywhere else. You get paid. Like say, two hundred bucks. And you get to have sex with a top tier porn star, like Lisa Ann or someone like that. It all sounds great, but would you really go through with it?

I've asked myself this question a lot. Obviously, I'm married now, so I'd never accept such an offer. But I always posit all sexual hypotheticals to the alternate dimension version of myself that is NOT married with kids. I think, back when I was 18 and a virgin, and back before all porn was on the web, I would have said yes. Immediately. And then I would have failed to get an erection on camera and spent the rest of my life chewing out my genitals.

But I wonder if I'd accept so quickly in the Internet age. Every guy DREAMS of starring in a porno, of course. But you see the fucking lechers and creeps who actually go through with it, and it's hard to want to join them. Plus, you gotta go through blood tests. And you have to take direction. People are staring at you. And you have to worry about people stumbling upon it somewhere down the line. Spouses. Siblings. Parents. Is it worth all that to spend five quality minutes on camera with Sylvia Saint?

Yeah, probably. Onto your letters."
"Ah, the last day off before I head back to work for another set of days on. Last Tuesday I experienced for only the second time in my 13 years of law enforcement a traffic stop initiated by the violator. Yes, while traveling on I-44 Interstate I got behind a vehicle that was going a bit faster than the posted speed limit. He noticed me in his rear view mirror and changed lanes. Obviously he was unaware of my intentions to change lanes anyway as I was about to exit off of I-40. As soon as I changed lanes and was again behind him he turned on his flashers and began to pull onto the shoulder. Well, I had the notion of what he was doing and just to make sure he wasn't braking down I pulled off onto the shoulder also and turned on my emergency lights. I walked up to the drivers door and he was already gathering his state driver's license and insurance forms. I asked him if everything was alright and he stated, "" I know I was speeding"". I said yes he was and since he was aware of it to slow down and then got back in my car. I think I left him a bit puzzled but I insist that regardless to how many tickets I might write, if I can change the driving mentality if just while I'm present I've done my job. 
Mrs. Dub was complaining Sunday about Daylight Savings Time, commenting on how much she hates it and hates losing that hour of sleep. I had to remind her that since we stayed in bed till almost 10 am, that I didn't think she lost any of it. I don't think she agrees.
I took both of the girls to the gun range today. Miss Dub has been chomping at the bit to go and shoot. I can even get her to clean my guns with less hassle than feeding the horses. I brought the whole armament of the pistols, shotgun and AR-15's. This was their first time with the rifles and shotguns. We got some practice in on the paper targets and then I turned them loose on the steel targets. Everyone loves these as you get the ""tink"" sound when you hit the target. Later in the afternoon we went and saw the new ""Alice in Wonderland"", 3D of course. Johnny Depp has the problem of overacting so I didn't understand some of what he said but I thought the whole movie was great.
Be safe and have a great day."
"So tomorrow, is St. Patrick’s Day.  And here I am having given up alcohol for lent.  Someone didn’t think this thing all the way through.  I mean, who hell would put both my birthday AND St. Patrick’s Day right in the middle of lent?  That’s some stupid planning if you ask me.  

Speaking of Ireland, as you guys probably know, way back in the day I sent out a plea into cyberland asking for information about my ancestors.  And, as you know, it was answered.  I got an email from someone who is a cousin (not sure how distant, these things confuse me) with some really cool information about the Loy family.  

Loy family being my great great grandfather George Loy who was born in County Armagh Ireland.  We found out a few things like his father, Thomas Loy and several brothers and his many, many kids that he fathered. Also, interesting tidbits about George like a newspaper account of his doing time for assaulting someone.  Apparently I come from a pretty rowdy bunch.  Shocking, huh? 

I also shared with you this picture….


At the time we thought this was Thomas Loy, George’s brother.  Well, turns out it probably isn’t Thomas. 

How do we know this?  Cause I got another email from another cousin with EVEN MORE information about my family!  How cool is that?  

He has provided us with scans of all kinds of great stuff.  Baptismals, death notices, marriage certificates (mostly in Latin), census entries and even immigration entries.  All of it adds up to help create a great timeline and fill in some of the pieces of their lives. 

Oh, and the guy in the pic?  We now believe it is John Loy, another brother of George Loy.  He was an army reservist in the 1st Regiment of Foot, aka The Royal Scots.  

Tragically John died of drowning while bathing in the river Tees.  My newly found cousin sent the death certificate.  

My newfound cousin even sent us information on my mother’s grandfather Edward Wilson.  We knew he was born in Belfast, but really had nothing at all.  My cousin was able to dig up information about Edward moving to England and when he immigrated to the US and all kinds of great stuff.  

How cool is that?  Yeah, pretty damn cool.  

Well, that’s it.  I just wanted to update you on the family search cause I know you were wondering how that was going. 

Also… "
We're not going to engage in too much wild speculation on this piece of information, but there are certainly a few raised eyebrows in Engadget-land right now. Apparently Plastic Logic is no longer offering pre-orders of its QUE proReader, as a tipster of ours discovered while trying to push through his order of the $799.99, 8GB / 3G version of the large-screen device. According to the order page "Pre-orders are sold out. QUE will be available online and in select Barnes & Noble stores this summer." This of course comes on the heels of news that the company would be further delaying the ship date from mid-April to summer related to "fine-tuning" and "enhancing the overall product experience." So our minds aren't exactly at ease, as we're trying to understand why a company wouldn't just caveat pre-orders by letting people know there's been a run on supply -- though it's possible that Plastic Logic is doing separate batches for mail order and in-store, and just needs to pace themselves. We've reached out to the company for comment, and we'll let you know as soon as we hear back.
"Here how I feel now...
I hurt you much and I know I let you down and dissapointed...it's all my fault
My heart pain because what you said hurt me much. I just like a shadow that stay in darkness and my face only brightens up as I see your smile..
I worry that you might not know my feelings and I get scared that the gap between us would widen..
I hold my breath and bite my lips pray that you would give me one more chance..
Once the music ends, you'll not given me another chance..
I just prayed and prayed that I could bring back the time..I miss you
You, who never understood my feelings..
I despited you so much.. so much, to the point I sometimes would tearing because of you..But now, my eyes are dry
Everynight I would look at myself and wonder how it turned out like this...I would close my eyes then I dream an endless dream...
I prayed that you can give me another chance..can you?
By this time, I wish you will stay happy always and forget me if it hurt you..
So that I can move on..
Please erase me out of your heart if you feel sad..

I've been living this life for too long...we are tired of it..
Yet, I hope once day she would look at me and smile.
And you will be a part of my heart forever.."
"Although he is known for his high-rises, resorts and golf courses, Donald J. Trump helped create a little-known state park in northern Westchester County, donating the land for public use in 2006.

Like many things, the park is named after him. It is called the Donald J. Trump State Park. It also happens to be on a list of 58 parks and historic sites the state plans to close because of budget cuts.

The plan, released Feb. 19, coupled with the fact that the state would save only the park’s $2,500 annual budget by closing it, has infuriated Mr. Trump.

“If they’re going to close it, I’ll take the land back,” said Mr. Trump, who donated the 436 acres on which the park sits to the state after his attempts to develop the parcels grew costly and frustrating.

“It’s too bad the parks department is doing this to the people and the state,” he said. “I gave that land for the purposes of a park, and I always believed that once a park is there, it would always be a park.”

Officials with the state’s Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation say the state will not be returning Mr. Trump’s land."
"At Oregon, football players steal laptops from frat houses. At tiny (but expensive) Drew University, a lacrosse player is accused of stealing and re-selling priceless historical artifacts.

Drew is a private liberal arts school in Madison, NJ., affiliated with the United Methodist Church. It's the most expensive school in the state, and has a world-class archive of letters from such luminaries as Abe Lincoln, FDR, and the founders of the church. Well, they have less of an archive now, thanks to freshman defenseman William John Scott.

Scott, perhaps surprisingly for a lacrosse player with three first names, got an on-campus job in October. Fortuitously for black market antiques dealers, it was at the university's archives, and almost immediately things went missing.

This month a dealer in England contacted the school about some letters he had purchased, purporting to be written by Methodist Church founder John Wesley. The school investigated and found that 21 of 23 of its Wesley Letters were missing.

    After combing through Mr. Scott's dorm room, federal agents discovered a file containing six Wesley letters besides the ones that were sent to England. The file also contained roughly 11 other important and historical documents from the university archives, including letters from five United States presidents: Abraham Lincoln, Andrew Johnson, William McKinley, Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Dwight D. Eisenhower. The file also had letters belonging to the university from Richard Nixon when he was vice president, Robert F. Kennedy and Madame Chiang Kai-Shek.
"
"In November we went to Disneyland with our friends and neighbors the Heatons. We had an absolute blast!! This was part of our Christmas to our family and it was a much needed break from life and a chance to have some fun as a family. Kinsley wasn't too thrilled when we told her about the rides and stuff, but when we told her that she would be meeting the princesses, her eyes became like saucers and she got soooo excited. She met as many as she could and even met some of the others like Mickey Mouse, Pluto, and Woody and Jessie. She actually liked most of the rides like Matterhorn and Space Mountain, but absolutely hated Splash Mountain. When we got to the bottom of that drop, Kristie and I (who were sitting behind her) asked what she thought and she started bawling. She really didn't like that experience so to get her on any other ride, we couldn't include the word ""mountain"" in the name or she wouldn't get on. Kenton loved all the sights, animals, rides, etc. The first ride we went on was Pirate's of the Carribean (my absolute fav!) just to see how the kids would fare with this. Geoff used his phone to see Kenton's facial expression when we first went in the dark tunnel before it dropped. His eyes were wide, and his hands were in fists and stuck to the front of his mouth. But he loved it! He kept getting excited at all the animals and moving people. He really loved it! Kinsley loved it too. She said that was her favorite ride. In the two days we were there, we went on that one 3 times. All in all it was a great vacation and one we hope to repeat again sooner than later.
"
"It's certainly not business as usual in Washington, D.C., but that's probably not what the American people had in mind when they elected President Barack Obama to come to the White House and usher in a new era of change.

And this diversion from business as usual is something former Fox News ""Special Report"" anchor Brit Hume, now a senior political analyst for network, said he had never seen before. The veteran Washington, D.C. journalist said on the March 16 broadcast of FNC's ""America Live"" that with the potential of the House invoking the Slaughter Rule and the potential 51-vote reconciliation process in the Senate, the process was far from pure.

""I think the process is well tainted by now,"" Hume said. ""This is a case where in the face of a level of resistance that I have never seen before, in the sense on a bill that the sponsors continue to push, I've never seen anything pushed this far for this long in the face of such resistance of this size. This is unprecedented.""

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/jeff-poor/2010/03/16/hume-befuddled-washington-press-corps-sign-pelosi-health-care-moves-unpre#ixzz0iPKm0PqR
"
A reader alerts us to a story in the Dayton Daily News about a Presbyterian minister taking up the cause of housing discrimination against Hispanic immigrants. While it's unclear where the picture accompanying the story was taken, notice the Marian images -- a big no-no in Calvinist theology -- in the background. Might he be incorporating Catholic props to assist his "missionary" efforts with immigrants from Catholic strongholds in Central and South America? Even if not, it's striking that he would permit himself to be photographed for a newspaper in such a setting.
"In 2008, just four years after leaving NBC News, Jane Pauley gave the maximum allowed donation to Barack Obama ($2,300) and campaigned for him in her native Indiana where she proclaimed “I want to see the cool, steady hand of Barack Obama on that Bible on Inauguration Day” and predicted Obama will be “an exceptional” President, enthusing: “I so look forward to it!”

On Tuesday morning (March 9) Pauley reappeared on the Today show, which she co-hosted from 1976 to 1989 before spending more than a decade with Dateline NBC, as the narrator of a new monthly segment produced by the liberal AARP, “Your Life Calling Today,” about those 50-plus reinventing themselves. “We are welcoming back a very, underline ‘very’ good friend and familiar face around here, Jane Pauley,” Matt Lauer announced, explaining “she’s been working with AARP which has produced and sponsored a new series of reports for us.” Her first report looked at a woman who “left a lucrative career so she would have more time to knit socks.”

Not exactly hard-hitting political reporting, but it gives me a hook to share some 2008 video of Pauley praising Obama as she made appearances on his behalf. “Pauley called the last eight years a mistake and says America must make the right choice come election day,” WISH-TV channel 8 reporter Phil Sanchez related on the Indianapolis CBS affiliate’s Sunday, September 21, 2008 newscast. Just over a month later, following an event in Bloomington, sporting an Obama button she told Indiana University’s public TV station, WTIU:

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/brent-baker/2010/03/13/pauley-back-nbc-yearned-cool-steady-hand-exceptional-obama#ixzz0iPOfYWBL
"
"There is no web archive available - that I have found - of this page so no way to compare at the moment to the older version - which was HORRIBLE with a capital H. I even apologized for it. Now, it is one of the best pages on the site.

Numerous video clips from CNN on UFO sightings - from the past few years in the USA - Phoenix, Texas, Chicago airport. Also nuclear missile interference from a little farther back in time. Also Mexican government and military. Interviews and sightings/reports from (3) NASA astronauts - Buzz Aldrin, Edgar Mitchell (Both moon walkers), and Gordon Cooper (Mercury 7 - Seven!). Can there be any doubt left? (I'll take on the skeptic arguments in another page soon too for good measure - a ""shell page"" is already there)

This is just a selection from what is out there on the Internet. Of course many other full length UFO videos are linked in the section too. Though some have been taken offline due to copyright patrols.

Also the latest news and videos on invisibility technology advancements - and discussion on why more people don't see UFOs -- a psychological one -- people are too busy looking down! Literally. 

I'm looking forward to tackling each topic in the COSMIC CLUES and bringing them up to my standard of presentation - while tackling other topics too. With some exceptions, many of the topics have just been ""containers"" where I copied links and videos into with not much thought on presentation and organization. The same could be said of the reincarnation topics.

One step at a time -- and soon I will have climbed the mountain. This will be last update for a couple of weeks - going to do some exploring.
I realize I was both burnt out last year from writing (And moving) and also burnt our from learning other important things. But the final pieces are coming together in my mind on how TO BE. And this year -- I am planning on saying adios to eating too - as has been shown with Ram Bomjon / Buddha Boy. Water and Light and changing of the mind. And it will be quite shocking on what I have been doing to accomplish this!"
"While ABC and CBS on Monday night focused on President Barack Obama's “final push” for his health care bill and the plight of Ohioan Natoma Canfield, Obama's poster woman for victims of rising health insurance premiums, NBC anchor Brian Williams touted how at “one last campaign-style rally,” in suburban Cleveland, “a shout-out from the audience gave him a chance to road test a new catch phrase: 'We need courage.'”

Viewers saw a clip of Obama bemoaning “a lot of hand-wringing going on” in Washington, DC, interrupted by a woman's voice from the audience at the Walter F. Ehrnfelt Recreation and Senior Center in Strongsville: “We need courage!” To cheers, a delighted Obama picked up on her prompt: “We need courage. That's why I came here today. We need courage!”

If “courage” as a catch phrase sounds familiar, it's the one word with which Dan Rather ended his newscasts in the mid-1980s, an ending he resurrected on Wednesday, March 9, 2005 when he signed-off forever from the CBS Evening News. (MRC CyberAlert item)

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/brent-baker/2010/03/15/nbcs-williams-trumpets-new-catch-phrase-obama-we-need-courage#ixzz0iPPYS9jb
"
"When Rafael Palmiero was outed as having used steroids, there was a mix of apathy (since everyone knew) and disgust (since he had lied to Congress about it). When Tiger Woods was outed as an unfaithful husband, again, people were a little surprised, but again mostly disappointed that he tried to act like it didn't happen.
Now it's Allen Iverson's turn. Iverson has always been a character, whether it's talking about practice or simply his bachelor lifestyle. Unfortunately for him, the latter appears to have caught up with him.
Hearing that an NBA player has been banned from multiple casinos for his gambling and drinking problems isn't much of a surprise. It isn't even a huge surprise when you know that it's Iverson. However, to think that a man who is 34 years old, has five children, and has been a father since he was 19 has yet to take steps to deal with a problem that not only could but likely will tear his family apart is a bit surprising.
 As Smith mentions, Iverson's career has been on a downturn in recent years. I suppose it should be no shock that the man who was too proud to further his career by taking a role as a backup should take this long to finally wrestle with his inner demons, but better late than never.
"
"i haven,t really been thinking about the significance of numbers until recently. i won about 28 Euros at lottery last week. i felt happy because you know, it was my first time buying lottery ( just for about 3 euros ). i bought it with a friend, thinking we would try it for the first time in our lives, just for fun. 
so i was pleasantly surprised to receive this money. it was not too much, but enough to last me for about 2 days here in germany. i am not going to have buying lottery as my lifestyle/hobby/ or addiction, but a spontaneous act in our lives can sometimes surprise us. 

i remembered, i was using many Sevens, when i wrote those random numbers down on the lottery paper.. i am not saying that seven is a lucky number but i am saying it just happened that this time round , the results showed many sevens and numbers that have sevens in it. 

that was when i started thinking about numbers in my life. i really like 5 and 7 . from a biblical point of view, 7 is a number of completion and perfection. there is a mystery about 7 that makes me feel at rest. the number reminds us that we have got to rest, and not allow the burdens and responsibilities in our lives to distract us. God rests on the seventh day. there is the sabbath. but i think it is not a rigid rule to rest. however, it does our souls, and bodies good when we merely rest inwardly. Religion tells us that we need to do lots , in order to earn credits from God. However, Christ has finished the work, 2000 years ago.There is nothing we can do to earn anything. 

Hebrews 4 from the bible , verse10, says "" for all who enter into God's rest wll find rest from their labors, just as God rested after creating the world."" Besides dreaming, which i talked about it in my last entry, the land of rest is also a beautiful place. 
"
"When former New York Times editor Howell Raines decided to attack the Fox News Channel and blame the news outlet for President Barack Obama's shortcomings, there was bound to be a response.

And delivering that response was ""The O'Reilly Factor"" host Bill O'Reilly, who called his show ""the signature broadcast"" of the network. O'Reilly dismissed Raines as a lunatic. However he was also critical of The Washington Post for giving him an outlet to trot out his ranting.

""[I] think there is a more important thing in play here,"" O'Reilly said. ""The Washington Post has given this guy Raines a big platform on Sunday, this coming Sunday, to print this nonsense and it is nonsense. If Raines were sitting here I could carve him up and he, Raines knows it.""

But O'Reilly questioned why the Post had decided to give Raines the space in its upcoming March 14 issue to rip on his network. According to O'Reilly, this was an effort to rally the media for a last stand.

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/jeff-poor/2010/03/12/o-reilly-blasts-raines-anti-fox-news-op-ed-shame-washington-post#ixzz0iPLXscJC
"
"When it comes to apps, the iPhone platform is now bigger than the Facebook platform, according to a report by Flurry, a San Francisco-based mobile analytics company. Flurry said today that Apple’s iTunes App Store has over 140,000 applications compared to 60,000 apps available on the Facebook platform.

“Since the App Store launched in July 2008, 35,000 unique companies have released applications, which translates to 58 new companies launching apps each day,” Furry said in its Smartphone Industry Pulse report for February 2010.

iphonevsfacebook.pngThat’s quite amazing, considering that Facebook launched its platform more than a year earlier than the iPhone platform and has north of 400 million users. In comparison, the iPhone OS platform has about 70 million devices. And developer momentum for the iPhone platform isn’t going to wane anytime soon.

Why? To paraphrase Jerry McGuire, Apple is showing developers the money. Thanks to its one-click payment option, it’s easy for app developers to make money -– whether it’s by selling apps or selling virtual goods within apps.

ipadpushesiphoneapps.pngWith the iPad showing up as a platform extension, more developers are looking to focus their energies on the iPhone platform. “Over six weeks since Apple announced the iPad, Flurry continues to measure a significant increase in iPhone OS new application starts within its system,” the analytics firm said. Much of it is said to be developers looking to adapt their applications for the larger-format device.

The most interesting part of the Flurry report was the iPhone developer DNA. Its analysis revealed the following categories:

    1. Native iPhone: Companies founded to create applications for iPhone (e.g., PageOnce, ngmoco) 2. Traditional Media: Companies established on Film, TV, Print and Radio (e.g., Disney, TBS, New York Times) 3. Mobile: Companies having started on J2ME, BREW, BlackBerry, etc. (e.g., Digital Chocolate, eBuddy) 4. Retail & CPG: Brick-and-mortar companies or ones that manufacture goods (e.g., The Gap, DKNY, Kraft) 5. Online: Companies who began on the web including e-Commerce, social networks, online gaming, streaming music, etc. (e.g., Google, eBay, Facebook, Pandora, PopCap, Zynga) 6. Traditional Gaming: Video game companies from console, portable or PC (e.g., EA, Activision, Namco, etc.). iphonedeveloperdna.gifDespite the fact that the App Store is now maturing, reaching its two year anniversary this summer, we are encouraged that native iPhone application developers are still relevant, representing 20% of the heritage pie, the second largest category. This means that the barrier to entry is still low enough for start-ups to enter and innovation to flourish. However, those days may be numbered as “discoverability” has become a significant issue, and now “marketing muscle” is starting to count more in the App Store.

"
"NorthScale, a Mountain View, Calif-based startup co-founded by leaders of memcached open source projects, launched today after spending a year hiding in the shadows. The company, which has raised $5 million in venture funding from Accel Partners and North Bridge Venture Partners, is part of a growing number of startups hoping to cash in on the data deluge facing everyone from small-time publishers to web giants.

According to IDC, in 2012, “the amount of digital information produced in the year should equal nearly 2,500 exabytes (equivalent to 2,500 billion gigabytes), or 5 times that produced in 2008″ driven primarily by the Internet.

Today’s web is a lot different from the web of 10 years ago. More users, more connections and more time spent online are some of the hallmarks of today’s popular web-based services such as Digg, Facebook, Twitter and Zynga. As a result, these services generate mountains of data. The more information there is, the harder it becomes to make sense of it. And the problem is only exacerbated by the use of relational databases, generally viewed by many as yesterday’s technology."
"In my last appearance in Pajamas Media a couple of months ago (“Does Sexual Equality Require Preferential Treatment?“) I asked, “Will the movement for gay rights follow the same trajectory as racial equality — from non-discrimination to preferential treatment based on sexual persuasion?”

That question must now be applied to college, or at least to college applicants.

Inside Higher Ed has just reported (Feb. 26) that the University of Pennsylvania may be the first institution to launch what is described as an “outreach” program for gay students. That program, I think, suggests a number of interesting questions, but before we get to the assumptions underlying and implications flowing from gay outreach, let’s pause a moment at everyday, garden variety outreach. “At many colleges,” IHE’s article begins, “outreach” is

    a standard part of the recruiting process once applicants are admitted. Current students who share individual traits or academic interests help reach out to prospective students with similar backgrounds or interests. So the young woman who expresses an interest in engineering will hear from a female junior in engineering. A black admit might hear from a black student, and so forth. The idea is that these students may be uniquely well positioned to answer questions and to make the case that the college is a good place to be a female engineer, a black undergrad, or whatever.

Reading that, I couldn’t help wondering, what if that “black student” were a female engineering major? Would she be tasked with reaching out only to black female prospective engineering majors? To all black females? To all blacks, whether prospective engineering majors or not? Given that heavy workload, shouldn’t Penn take “affirmative action” to make sure it has more than one black female engineering major? Moreover, since everyone knows (doesn’t everyone?) that Asians tend to be geeks who segregate themselves in math and science, shouldn’t Penn have an Asian literature major to reach out to prospective Asian English or philosophy majors (or two: one male and one female)? Doesn’t “diversity” require such an effort?"
"What is Google Buzz for? As with any social networking tool or social media service, this is the fundamental question both Google and its users collectively have to answer. Part of the reason why Buzz has come under so much criticism over privacy and other issues (which Google addressed during a panel at SXSW  this weekend) is that users and the search company seem to have different ideas about what Buzz is, and how it should be used. To the company’s credit, it has been listening and adapting as quickly as it can, and has even asked sociologist and Microsoft researcher Danah Boyd to come and speak about privacy and Buzz at Google, after she gave a very critical talk at SXSW about the service.

Apart from the privacy aspect of Buzz, one of the ongoing debates about the service is whether it should be used for aggregating or publishing — or both. When Buzz was first released, many people (including me) did what they thought the creators of the service wanted them to do: they followed a bunch of their contacts from Gmail, and then selected a bunch of other content platforms and social networks to connect to their Buzz stream — Flickr photos, Google Reader shared items, Twitter and so on. But a growing number of Buzz users are unhappy with the practice of connecting various content streams to the service. Like Egon Spengler from “Ghostbusters,” they don’t want people to “cross the streams.”

One of the most thoughtful critics of this practice has been Mahendra Palsule, an editor at Techmeme who goes by the handle Sceptic Geek. Both on Buzz and on his personal blog, Palsule has described what he sees as the downside of combining multiple streams into one place — namely, repetition, a lack of focus, etc. But mostly, he seems to feel that dumping content from one social network into another defeats the purpose, and that the right thing to do is to create and publish content specifically for Buzz — in other words, to treat it as a separate platform like a blog, rather than as an aggregator."
"Here in Austin, I just finished introducing SparkHelp, the project Mashable has decided to support for the Pepsi Refresh SxSW Challenge. We’re competing against two other teams over the next few days to help get our idea $50,000 in funding, which will help make it a reality.
The Project

After lots of great submissions from our readers, we settled on SparkHelp’s simple and timely concept that we think stands to make a huge social impact with the resources of Pepsi and our support.

Here’s how SparkHelp explains their concept:

    “SparkHelp’s idea is to encourage local communities to band together with a Foursquare (Foursquare) meets Craigslist (Craigslist) application. The idea is simple: anyone can place a call for help and anyone can answer that call. Help can be sought for anything: fence repair, car repair, computer work, dog walking, etc.”"
"During a one-on-one conversation with writer Frank Rose at South by Southwest titled ""The Emotion Engine: Can a Video Game Speak to the Heart?,"" Lionhead's Peter Molyneux offered some early details on the episodic potential of Fable 3, citing the serial nature of Charles Dickens' novels.

He began by comparing Fable 3's industrial setting to the mid-19th century setting of Charles Dickens' London, calling it a ""brilliant time to set a game."" ""You look at the characters and the world that someone like Charles Dickens developed and you think, 'Well, it would be brilliant to feel like you're walking through that Dickensian version of London with a little bit of darkness.' Those novels, if you don't know them, are very, very dark,"" Molyneux explained. ""They're written in a way that breaks the story up into these episodes. So why don't we do a similar sort of thing?""

Though Molyneux told Joystiq just last week that Fable 2's episodic experiment had been ""massively successful,"" he stopped short of promising similar functionality for Fable 3; however, yesterday, he seemed to suggest they would be doing just that. ""So what we're thinking with Fable 2 to start off with, and with Fable 3, we're going to give you the first big episode and then allow you to continue to download new episodes,"" Molyneux said. ""And that's analogous to the way Charles Dickens wrote his books.""

Asked if he would be developing these episodes ""as you go along,"" Molyneux responded, ""This is the new world of computer games where in fact, a lot of us are now saying, is, 'If we can have a really strong digital relationship with people then that means you don't have to entirely finish your game or your universe or your experience on release.'"" Now, before you get upset, appreciate that Molyneux knows how ""strange and bizarre"" that sounds, so he's got two examples to help you better understand.

""So we've got these things – these couple of simple things we've got in Fable 3 – which are really, really nice. The first is that some of the shops in the world of Albion are actually linked to the internet and are populated by the staff of Lionhead every so often. So they don't have to be fixed things, we can put new stuff in the world all the time. And you don't have to go out to some horrible Dashboard and download The Armageddon Pack version 5, or drive down to a retailer and wait for some big pack to come out.

""The sort of thing we're thinking of – I suppose I shouldn't tell you this but I'll tell you anyway – after you've been playing the game for awhile you'll see this ferry,"" Molyneux reveals. ""This ferry keeps coming into Bowerstone and going away. It goes off to these islands that we've been talking about but there's no way you can buy a ticket. So one of the things that we enable online is this ticket to this ferry and actually in this ticket is the islands, so we make it feel like you've downloaded this ticket when, in matter-of-fact, you've downloaded the islands.""

While this provides some glimpse into what Molyneux has planned for Fable 3, it's hard to determine how extensively these ideas will be woven into the experience."
"Fresh off having the most popular music video in YouTube/Vevo’s history (“Bad Romance” with 140 million views and counting), Lady Gaga’s latest – “Telephone” – featuring Beyonce, has made its debut on the Web.

The video is choc-full-o Lady Gaga shock value, and at more than nine minutes in length, could probably classify as a short film. Dating site PlentyOfFish somehow managed to get prominent placement (fast forward to 4:27 if you’d rather skip the rest of it).

Early indications are that “Telephone” will be every bit as popular as recent Gaga hits, with the song, its participants, and even a string from its URL already dominating trending topics on Twitter (Twitter) ahead of its official premiere on E! later this evening. It also briefly took Vevo — YouTube (YouTube) and the record labels new music video website — offline.

Here’s the embed for what could be the latest member of the 100 million view club (“Just Dance” also recently broke the milestone):"
"Americans have been so busy fighting against President Obama’s great, Red Army-type offensives on health care “reform,” the federalization of big chunks of the economy, and spending that will bury us under an avalanche of debt that his educational plans have drawn relatively little attention. Since higher education is my main policy domain, I have been watching that front.

In February of last year, Obama announced that the nation was not doing well enough in getting young people into and through college. He told Americans that they’d be letting the country down if they stopped their education after high school and announced a national goal of having the highest percentage of college-educated workers in the world by 2020.

That sounds good. Having the best-educated workforce will certainly help to keep our economy strong in the face of international competition, won’t it?

Most people would probably nod in approval, but I see Obama’s higher education initiative as an economically harmful Trojan Horse meant to accomplish his real objectives: assisting one of his most loyal support groups, and luring more young Americans into the overwhelmingly leftist, collectivistic college environment, which tends to draw impressionable people towards the left end of the political spectrum.

What about the notion that the nation’s economy needs more college graduates? Those who want to justify an expansion of our higher education system (that is, subsidizing some students who wouldn’t otherwise have gone to college so that they will) often say that we’re falling behind other nations in our “educational attainment.” They say that unless we get more young Americans through college, for the first time we’ll have a generation that is “less well educated” than the previous generation. They say that college graduates enjoy a large lifetime earnings premium. And they say that nearly all good jobs now require a college degree.

All those arguments are either false or irrelevant."
"To tell you the truth, the honest god forsaken and all the different kinds it comes in, truth - I don't know that much of the written word to describe how much of a blast it was. 

But if you were in front of me and saw my hand gestures, the excited tone in my voice, the eyebrows with a mind of their own, the bulging eyes themselves, you'd see my point. Even if I didn't have to pin you to a wall and scream it out, you'd see it.

I lived those two weeks.

I laughed, I danced, I drank, I sat on a horse, I wore heavier clothes than I've ever worn, some jewelry too yes, I hugged a thousand people, I reflected a million flashes of the camera on my skin, I made my jaws ache by smiling so much, I walked in a daze, I saw family and friends I hadn't seen in ages and I cried for it, and I smiled for it

...and she looked so lovely through it all. And I crossed my fingers every time I managed a secret glance at her.

Now we're busy assembling ikea furniture and the camera's are slung on tourist necks clicking past me at the buildings and the concrete. 

Shit I miss the attention."
"We'd like to think college basketball scheduling is a thoroughly considered, professional process among teams, conferences and the NCAA. But no. There's a message board where teams look for hook-ups. Let's explore the Craigslist of college hoops.

We came across this today via a throwaway link from Brooks, but the schedule boards at Basketball Travelers deserve a closer look.

It's mostly weaker teams looking to fill out their schedules, but there are some big players here. Ever wonder how Kansas opened this season with Alcorn State and Central Arkansas? Probably through this board. For next season they're ""seeking a guarantee game for November 21 or 22."" Guarantee game being, of course, a guaranteed win.

(Update: Nittany White Out points out that a ""guarantee game"" is simply a guaranteed home game, with no obligation for a home and home.)

Then there are teams like St. Bonaventure, who are offering themselves up as a guaranteed loss. They want to attract a ""high major team"" for a home and home series, including one at the 19,000 seat arena in Buffalo. That'd be big money for the Bonnies, but they've got to reassure the interested teams that they won't put up much of a fight: ""We are losing two of our top three scorers for next season."""
"While Metroid director Yoshio Sakamoto may not have played Shadow Complex, the XBLA darling's creators definitely played Metroid. During a panel titled ""Designing Shadow Complex,"" Chair Entertainment Creative Director Donald Mustard encouraged the audience of prospective downloadable game makers to embrace genre limitations. ""So, genre is one of your limitations because you aren't just competing against other games that are released in the downloadable space,"" Mustard said, pacing across the stage. ""You really are competing against Gears of War, Mass Effect 2, Uncharted 2. That is the real competition and you need to find a way to differentiate yourself from those kinds of games. And that is an awesome opportunity.""

For Mustard, that meant moving ""orthogonally"" from what the ""big $60 retail games"" are doing. Mustard said, ""For us, what that ultimately meant is target an old and abandoned genre. Which to us was kind of this Metroidvania side scroller adventure genre that had been abandoned. No one was making games in this genre. And we said, 'What if we took that genre and fused that with some of the modern sensibilities that had come out; some of the modern ideas of AI and physics and graphics? That would be a really cool combination.'

Shadow Complex map
Chair created (and ""played through"") the entire map in Illustrator

""And guess what? Nobody can do that at the $60 price point. No one can do that. No one's going to make a next-gen side scroller in this style, so we said, 'We're going to and we're going to do it on this platform. If you even wanted to experience that kind of game, you need to either have a Super Nintendo or a Game Boy, or an original PlayStation. There was nothing on 360 even remotely close to this.""

Of course, Mustard knew that the media would be ""intrinsically interested"" in what he and his team were putting together and, with no marketing budget, support from the media was vital to the game's success. In just ten months, six artists and three programmers at Chair Entertainment had created Joystiq's #7 game of 2009."
"I have a big work project coming up. We do this SUPER thing once a year, where my life becomes really long days for about six weeks. It eats away at my soul and the only reason I put up with it is because the pay is outrageous. On the other hand, by the time it is over, I am exhausted and quite pissy.

Which means writing is going to become a real bitch. It is hard to write after you are sitting in front of a computer for 10 hours. It is hard to write when you can think of a hundred other things that need to be done. It is really hard to write when what you want to be doing is anything BUT sit in front of a computer some more. 

But you know, tough shit.

I read a lot of articles about writing. The number one complaint among writers is the lack of time they have for writing. They have kids. They have hobbies. They have spouses who like to be noticed every once in awhile. I get it. I sympathize. It can be really tough to find the time to write. 

If it was easy to find time, then everyone would be writers.

I think you have to mean about time. I think you have to be vicious. There is time to write but man, you have to claw for it. You have to plan for it, stalk it and then pounce. 

When it is time to write, you gotta be ready.

I learned this at the car factory I used to work at. Man, you have not gone insane till you worked a 12 hour day when all you really want to do is bust out a BDSM epic. I used to have literally half an hour a day to write. It was sandwiched between be getting home and having to go to sleep for the day so I can get enough rest to go back to work. 

I used to get so much done in that half hour. Mostly because I spent 12 hours thinking about it. I had details worked out, names decided and all those tiny things that slow you down. I told the story to myself all night long. I rehearsed it orally to myself. By the time that magic half hour rolled around, my fingers just flew.

I'm not saying it is easy. Every day, life throws new shit at us. If you work at a job where you actually have to use your brain like I do now, you will be forced to work on your stories during bathroom breaks, driving and eating. If you are lucky, you will be dreaming it.

That is the thing about writing. We rarely are fortunate enough to have the time we want when we want it. The only solution is to fucking seize it where we can."
"Rielle Hunter: She's famous because John Edwards did it with, and put a baby inside of, her. Now The Washington Post has 'obtained' a copy of a forthcoming 10,000 word GQ interview. And they read the whole thing, apparently.

OK, it is actually interesting that Rielle Hunter ""says she's still in love with 'Johnny' and believes he loves her."" It expands our concept of the limits of human love. Or maybe self-delusion? Here is what Rielle told GQ about her baby-denying 'Johnny', according to The Post article:

    There's a lot of New Agey talk — John hasn't ""fallen from grace... he's fallen to grace,"" and astrology told her he shouldn't run for president anyway. There's a lot of rationalizing — John lied about her because ""he was traumatized."" There's some ""Men are from Mars, women are from Venus"" — she couldn't go public sooner because she didn't want to ""emasculate"" her ex-lover.

She also makes some important corrections to the public record. For example, ""Truth Seeker"" was not written on her business card; ""Being is Free"" was. (Something to put in your social studies textbook, Texas.) There are also some pictures which are clearly aimed at making the average GQ reader think to themselves ""surprisingly doable."" Also surprisingly doable: a 10,000 word Q&A with Rielle Hunter."
"Based on some mild and indiscernible shouts by people in a hallway outside the office of a House member, CBS's Chip Reid on Tuesday night tried to discredit anti-ObamaCare protesters, claiming “at times, it got ugly.”

Reid recounted: “Outside the Capitol, a few hundred members of the conservative Tea Party movement called on Congress to kill the Democratic health care reform bill as Republicans urged them to keep fighting.” Following a clip of Republican Congressman Mike Pence, Reid announced over the hallway video: “Moving inside, they tried to lobby undecided Democrats. At times, it got ugly.” Then, leading into pro and con TV ads, Reid asserted: “The angry war of words over health care reform in Washington is echoing across the nation.” Watch the video to see what CBS considers “ugly” behavior. (MP3 audio clip.)

After citing “a growing controversy over a parliamentary maneuver the Speaker may use to get reform passed,” Katie Couric had introduced Reid by maintaining that “as a vote nears, the tension, confusion, and anger are all building.” Reid agreed: “The closer we get to a vote, the nastier the debate becomes. Some on Capitol Hill say it gives new meaning to the expression 'March Madness.'”

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/brent-baker/2010/03/16/angry-and-nasty-atmosphere-cbss-reid-contends-anti-obamacare-protesters#ixzz0iPNcg72x
"
Sony intro'd some 3D Bravia HDTVs a while back, and while that didn't really whet our appetite an LCD with built-in storage is always palatable. To be released by Sony Japan, the BX30H is available in in up to 32-inches and packs 500GB of storage -- not particularly earth-shattering, but it should prove useful for DVR-ing episodes of The Marriage Ref. [Did we say that? We meant WWE: Raw.] Available in both colors (black and white), this model is, sadly, only available in Japan. For those of us stuck in the states, the BX300 is available in 22- and 32-inch sizes (and only in black). All of the above feature a 100,000:1 dynamic contrast ratio, CCFL backlighting, 720p HD resolution, 5.1 channel audio output and more. Yankees can expect to pay $279 for the 22-inch or $419 for the 32-inch, while prices in Japan TBA.
"After almost three years of conference speaking I achieved a first at a recent conference. The feedback from my session contained no negative comments. Normally, even if the majority of people loved your session, you get at least a few people who didn’t like the slides/code/choice of clothing etc, but not this time – this time there wasn’t a single negative comment.So that must have made me a cert for top speaker, or at least in the top three, right? I mean I’ve been top speaker before when my talks have had a few negative comments so this time, with no negative comments, I must have rocked to the top.Well, actually, no. You see this conference, like many others, has a metric to record how useful the attendees felt your talk was – i.e. how relevant is it to your day to day work and how soon/easily could you put the lessons learned into practice. Now my talk was on how functional programming can help solve many of the concurrency problems inherent in today’s OO language dominated solutions. By definition, of course, that meant that most of the audience were OO programmers and so none of them were going back to the office on the Monday morning to implement the lessons learned from my talk – this meant that my talk scored between 1 –3 out of 5 for usefulness. As this score counts towards the final score this placed me in the bottom half of all speakers at the conference.Now, I know what you are thinking, who cares, right? I mean, everyone had a great time, everyone learned something, everyone went away thinking about what they had learned – the feedback says so – and that’s all that matters. Other than my ego, no one cares about the scores.Sadly, it’s not that simple. You see many conferences will use your score from previous attendances to decide if they want you to come back again, and a low score is a low score, no matter what the feedback says. And that is the horns of the dilemma. Should speakers turn out good presentations that everyone loves, but score low and risk not getting invited back, or should they concentrate on topics that are still good, but focus on things that are immediately useful to the audience, to the detriment of their broader education?
As Sherlock Holmes would say, I think this is a two pipe problem."
"Indiana is very much a player in the recruitment of Moses Abraham.

After meeting with IU coach Tom Crean in Washington D.C. Tuesday night, Abraham has agreed to visit the Indiana campus, possibly as early as Tuesday of next week.
Advertisement

Abraham, a 6-9, 237-pound center from Nigeria, has made official visits to Georgetown, Maryland and Tennessee. He had to cancel an earlier visit to IU because he had the flu. Over the weekend, he had narrowed his college choices down to Georgetown and Indiana and was expected to announce his decision Sunday.

That decision has been delayed pending a trip to Bloomington.

Abraham, who attends Progressive Christian Academy in Washington D.C., is a member of the 2010 recruiting class and could play as a freshman in the fall."
"The window is closing on comprehensive immigration reform. At least that's what the politicians in Washington are saying. They're afraid of more demagoguery. They're afraid of upcoming elections. They're afraid of the politics of fear. But I am more and more troubled by how little they seem concerned about the worsening plight of many of America's most vulnerable families -- about how families are being broken up by the U.S. government, forcibly separating children from their parents. And for the media, immigration reform is just another looming political conflict to report, more of the gamesmanship of Washington to cover.

As always, the real stories of real people get lost in the win/lose politics of the nation's capital. Yes, the nation is going through some tremendous challenges right now. And we all know that Congress is hesitant to tackle tough issues before mid-term elections. But while politicians can write off one more piece of legislation on a packed agenda, they won't be able to write off, or ignore, a movement rooted in our faith communities. If our political leaders won't make room for the ""strangers"" among us, we will -- because Jesus commands us to do so.

Significant social change does not begin with Congress, and it doesn't happen overnight; it usually takes a movement, and it always takes courage. Sojourners has been convening, educating, and mobilizing Christians nationwide through our Christians for Comprehensive Immigration Reform campaign for the past three years, and we are proud to be in good company with the growing interfaith movement fighting for dignity and justice for immigrants.

On March 21, 2010, tens of thousands of supporters of immigration reform will join together in Washington, D.C. for the ""March for America: Change Takes Courage."" In the faith community, we have amended the tagline to read ""Change Takes Courage and Faith"" because courage truly does come from our faith.

Changes to our immigration system will simply not happen without both courage and faith. For many of us, faith is a catalyst to action that can solve the really big issues -- and this is one of the biggest ones we face now. People of faith will look beyond the political calculations and see this for the moral and family crisis it is. It will take people of faith to knock down the doors of Congress and bring the stories of immigrant friends, neighbors, and family members as evidence of the injustices that are experienced on a daily basis. Finally, we need faith in a God who is larger than we can imagine, the God who cries as we humans build border walls to separate ourselves from our brothers and sisters on the other side, the God of justice who isn't persuaded by the political timetables of Washington, D.C."
"I knew the USA-Canada hockey game on Sunday night would be big. I just didn't know how big a U.S victory would be.

For obvious reasons, this was Canada's game to win. And after watching both teams play their first few games, I figured the Canadians, with the clear advantage in star power, wouldn't have trouble disposing of a much younger, inexperienced American team by 2-3 goals.

But in my mind there was only one handicap Canada could have given Team USA: Marty Brodeur. They played him in goal, and it cost them big-time.

Don't get me wrong—there's no doubt that Brodeur is one of the best goaltenders to have ever played the game. Here's a brief glimpse of his killer resume:
The NHL's all-time leader in regular season wins, shutouts, and games played
More than 30 franchise records, including most all-time regular season and playoff wins, shutouts, games, and lowest goals-against average
3 Stanley Cup championships
Four-time Vezina Trophy winner, four-time Jennings Trophy winner, 10-time NHL All Star, and a Calder Memorial Trophy winner
One of only two NHL goaltenders to have scored goals in both the regular season and the playoffs; the only NHL goalie to score a game-winning goal.
Brodeur is known for his hybrid goaltending style by standing up more than butterfly goalies, who drop to their knees often. It's gotten him this far, and even at his veteran age of 38, I'd still take him over half the goalies in the NHL.

But when I've watched Brodeur play periodically in the past few years, he's given up questionable goals, mostly as a result of his unconventional style of play. During this relatively new generation of super-athletic, butterfly-sliding goalies, Brodeur has become outdated. But don't take that as an insult, Marty—you've been incredibly successful as New Jersey's starting netminder for the past 19 seasons.

Canada started Roberto Luongo in net for their opening Olympic game against Norway. Apparently coach Mike Babcock planned on going with the more-experienced Brodeur as his No. 1 for the tournament, but wanted to get Luongo's skates wet in case he needed to call on him later. But instead of anticipating sub-par play from his starting goalie, Babcock should have stuck with Luongo (an All Star in his own right, playing on his home ice), similar to how the Team USA coach Ron Wilson preselected Ryan Miller to play the entire way. Babcock handed the reins over to Brodeur against Switzerland in the second game.

Had Luongo played against Team USA on Sunday night, I'm not so sure so many Americans would have been celebrating. I say this chiefly because the 6'3"" butterflyer would have stopped the goals that Brodeur let in. And this goes back to what I was saying before: Brodeur may have been a better goalie five years ago, but Luongo is now.
"
"At last night’s “Bigg Digg Shindigg” in Austin, TX, Digg CEO Jay Adelson briefly revealed plans for a massive overhaul of the social news site. This morning, I had an opportunity to chat with Adelson in-depth about the new Digg and what users, publishers, and the web as a whole should expect.

To sum it up, Adelson says the new strategy will “enable social curation of all the world’s content and the conversation around it.” To get there though, Digg (Digg) has re-built its entire site from the ground up, with dramatic changes that will be rolled out over the coming weeks and months.
New User Experience

The days of the Digg homepage as we know it – the most recently popular stories on the service as a whole – are numbered. The site is shifting towards a personalization model, where the homepage will be based on characters like a user’s interests, location, who they follow not only on Digg but services like Twitter (Twitter) and Facebook (Facebook), and other “signals” from around the web like retweets, Facebook shares, and more.

But Adelson notes that not all of these signals are created equal – for example, a retweet from a Twitter user with millions of followers will weigh much more heavily in the site’s ranking algorithms than one from a user with a few dozen. The concept of a Digg account is also changing. While you can already use Digg via Facebook Connect, the site plans to support logging in with Twitter, Google (Google), Yahoo, and OpenID, among other identity providers."
"Smartphone owners are more interested in receiving coupons on their handsets than getting other kinds of mobile come-ons, according to figures released today by Compete.com. It’s just the latest evidence that while mobile advertising as a whole is slowly gaining traction, mobile coupons may be about to take off in a big way.

Compete found that grocery coupons were the most attractive of 10 types of mobile marketing ploys, with 36 percent of U.S. smartphone owners saying there were interested in receiving the discount offers on their handsets. Twenty-nine percent said they wanted to scan barcodes with their phones, while only 15 percent were interested in receiving text message ads.

Interestingly, Compete’s findings come just days after the launch of what may be the nation’s biggest mobile-coupon campaign: Target this week began delivering mobile coupons that can be scanned at the retail counter. Consumers can visit the retailer’s mobile web site or text the word COUPONS to the short code 827438 (TARGET) to opt in and receive a link to a mobile web page containing multiple offers accessible through a single barcode.

Mobile coupons have been around for the better part of a decade but have failed to really take off thanks to a lack of widespread retail support and a user experience that is often intolerable. The market is positioned to pick up some serious momentum in the next few years, though, according to a recent report from Juniper Research, which expects it to exceed 300 million people worldwide by 2014. That forecast might look modest if Target’s campaign gets legs and other nationwide retailers follow suit."
The battle  between Google and Apple continues. RJ Pittman, a prominent product manager at Google, has left the company to join Apple. We’ve been tipped off to a tweet he sent out two days ago that said “My last day at Google. Incredible experience. Amazing people. Moved mountains. Next chapter. Hello Apple.” Pittman has since removed the tweet from his Twitter feed, but judging by the tweets still visible in Twitter search, it’s true.
"It was 25 years ago today when the first dot-com was registered — Cambridge, Masssa.-based Symbolics computers. Over the years, dot-coms became symbolic of both the Internet bubble and bust; now they’re simply part of our everyday lives. More than 650,000 dot-com domains are registered every month; current estimates put the total number at over 71 million.

I remember signing up for my first domain in 1994, a whole nine years after the first dot-com domain was registered. It was quite an antiquated process — it took a whole lot of faxing to get it done. (I’m sure many of today’s young entrepreneurs have no idea what I’m talking about.) Even back then I had a tough time picking up my most wanted domain: Om.com."
"Until reminded by Mona Charen, I had forgotten (or repressed the memory) that Rigoberta Menchu won the Nobel Prize in 1992 for her fraudulent  autobiography  I, Rigoberta Menchu. As evidence of their privileging (don’t you hate it when people make verbs out of nouns?) “hope” over “change,” perhaps the Nobels awarded the prize to “I, Barack” for much the same reason — to honor his promise more than his performance. Just as they honored the “inner truth” of what she had written and said more than the external, literal, factual accuracy of her pronouncements.

The similarities between these two icons of the multicultural left are enhanced, of course, by the recent revival, summarized ably here and here by Ron Radosh, of suggestions that Obama may not have been the actual, literal author of his own autobiography.

For those of you who’ve forgotten (or are too young to remember), I, Rigoberta Menchu purported to be the autobiography of a poor Guatemalan who overcame extreme poverty (a younger brother starved to death, etc.) and violent oppression at the hands of Guatemala’s brutal right-wing oligarchs (who, she wrote, burned another brother to death before her very own young eyes). Her book, composed from tapes recorded by E. Burgos-Debray, an ethnologist and the wife of French Marxist theorist and revolutionary (he was in Bolivia with Che Guevara) Regis Debray, told its gripping story in moving and telling details and quickly elevated her to iconic status among European intellectuals and American academics."
"Earlier I wrote a few paragraphs entitled Why Guys Who Watch Porn Will Never Get Married. The title was admittedly inaccurate and was used to grab the attention of the reader. The purpose of the post was to expose what is often hidden behind all the supposed glamour of porn and how porn negatively impacts relationships. But the post was incomplete as it left no hope for the one who struggles and may have conveyed that they are trapped in this sin. 

So we ask, why do those who sin have hope(and not just with porn but a host of heart sins which affect relationship - words, lack of forgiveness, envy, greed, etc)? Where do they find encouragement? We want to look at just two places from Scripture.

First, in 1 Corinthians 6.9-11 Paul lists a number of sins, among them sexually immorality, greed, drunkenness and slander. Is the believer ever trapped? Paul writes: And that is what some of you were. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the Spirit of our God.

There is hope which begins with our standing before God. We are a changed people in His sight - we are washed (cleansed), sanctified (set apart, made holy), justified (given a righteous standing before God because of Jesus). It would seem strange that someone who struggles with sexual immorality would never be able to grow in holiness and therefore, never grow more and more conformed to their standing before God. This gives the believer great hope because the change will not ultimately come because we change ourselves but simply and profoundly, because God will change us. God within us through His Spirit will grow us in holiness. This change is often gradual and therefore the believer must continually come back to the cross, being reminded of God's work in us. God will mercifully and graciously discipline us so we become more like our Father in heaven.

Second, Romans 6 tells us that we are no longer slaves to sin but slaves to righteousness. The good news here is not only is God working on our behalf, but humanly speaking, God gives us means to strengthen our resolve to walk in holiness. We are not powerless and the grip of sin is never stronger than the grip of God. And so the person struggling with porn, words, envy, greed or anger is able to bow before a sovereign God pleading mercy and then rise, using God-given resources to battle unrighteousness.

And so, is there hope? Absolutely. It is an amazing paradox that in the glamour of porn we find death and in the horror of Christ's death we find life."
"When Peter O’Hanlon opened the Blarney Bar in downtown Jamaica, Queens in 1965, he served a mostly white clientele, including the union leaders and members who held their meetings in the back room.

Now, the clientele is largely black, with an increasing number of Ecuadoreans, a growing local population. Mr. O’Hanlon tends bar and is often the only white man in the place these days.

“If an Irishman comes in now, we treat them with kid gloves because we don’t see them very often,” said Mr. O’Hanlon, 73, who nevertheless has decked out the place in green for St. Patrick’s Day.

Change in New York City can be seen through many different prisms, and if your prism is a pub window, or perhaps the bottom of a pint glass, you can see old New York meeting the new in Irish bars in neighborhoods that are no longer Irish.

As Irish populations in saloon-heavy areas have given way to more recent waves of immigrants, a few Irish bars remain, looking a bit incongruous with their green awnings, lilting names and shamrock neon signs in the windows.

Some hang on as the last strongholds of the old Irish guard, like Paradise Alley, a bar surrounded by Korean businesses on 150th Street in downtown Flushing. Here the old-timers of Irish and German descent hold on to their pint glasses and wonder what happened to the old neighborhood. Still, they may buy a drink for the occasional Korean couple who come in."
"After five and a half years as the chief executive of Ning, the Palo Alto, Calif.-based social network platform provider, Gina Bianchini has decided to step down from her position and is being replaced by current chief operating officer and former Netscape and Opsware executive, Jason Rosenthal. Bianchini is becoming an executive in residence (EIR) at Marc Andreessen’s venture capital firm, Andreessen Horowitz.

“Nothing else is changing — I remain Chairman, the current management team remains exactly the same, and the Ning service continues unchanged,” says Andreessen, chairman and co-founder of Ning. The company says it has 2.3 million user-created Ning Networks and more than 45 million registered users and is adding million new registered users every 12 days and and 5,000 Ning-powered networks every day. The company has raised more than $110 million in funding and is valued at over $500 million."
"Howell Raines lost his executive editor’s job at The New York Times for promoting the career of Jayson Blair, a black drug addict and fantasist who invented entire stories describing the hills of West Virginia from a saloon down the street in New York. But somehow Raines still imagines himself a media bigfoot who can pronounce on the State of Journalism, a one-man Pulitzer Prize panel. This is a little like a White House chef who poisoned an entire state-dinner crowd mounting a soapbox to lecture that the new chefs can’t be trusted.

Of course, that soapbox must be provided first. So who would give this naked man a fig leaf of respectability? The Washington Post would.

The Posties awarded Raines their marquee venue – the Sunday Outlook section -- to denounce Fox News Channel and its owner Rupert Murdoch. Announcing this was tugging at his ""professional conscience"" (thus suggesting he has one), Raines demanded to know ""Why can't American journalists steeped in the traditional values of their profession be loud and candid about the fact that Murdoch does not belong to our team?""

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/brent-bozell/2010/03/16/bozell-column-fraud-fights-fox-news#comments#ixzz0iPK1SyTn
"
"Left-wing filmmaker Michael Moore and CNBC's Rick Santelli couldn't be more philosophically opposite. Style of argument differs too: Michael Moore assumes the worst in people that oppose his view.

In a March 12 appearance on WNYC 93.9 FM/820 AM's ""The Brian Lehrer Show,"" Moore was asked to react to Rick Santelli's February 2009 call for action against the Obama administration proposal to offer a housing relief through the taxpayer to those who got in over their heads on their mortgages.

""Ah, the sound of angry white guys wafting its way through the airwaves,"" Moore said. ""Obviously that was a pivotal moment for that, but if you notice what he's railing against is he's blaming the whole mortgage crisis on the little guy who took out a mortgage he shouldn't have taken out, living beyond his means, having a home with too many bathrooms, when in fact - as my movie points out - the FBI of all people, have stated clearly through their own investigation that 80 percent of this mortgage crisis that we've gone through has been caused by the banks and lending institutions, by the fraud committed by the banks and the lending institutions - not by the person who's living beyond their means."" "
"it's sunday today. reporting from Adelaide, weather outside seems to be a little bit chill, but not cold as it were yesterday.

i woke up early this morning. after performing my subuh prayer, sleep doesn't seem to please me at this very morning. then i decided to find something to read. luckily it appeared that one religious book entitled Muhammad, The Messenger of God amazes me this one fine morning. English version as it printed, but I managed to catch up with the pace of the way the book describes about Prophet Muhammad, all praise to him.

now, it reminds me of how great he were on his era. Even the non-Muslims admit to his influence and remarkable power. His behavior were the greatest amongst all mankind. Al-Ameen which he had been called among his companions and enemies as he was a very truthful man, he meant every words he said and never lied about it. I'm ashamed of myself if I reckon myself to his.

At least, I should have acted more matured in every way. Stop thinking bad things about other people as what he actually did to his enemy. He even prayed for the goodness of his enemies and marked no signs of avenged on his heart. It's a bad of me to getting strayed from the right path of truthfulness and i hope for a better man in me in the near future. It's not worth every seconds, wealth, or anything valuable than seek forgiveness from Allah, the Almighty God. This world is only temporary, what should we actually seek is the Hereafter which is permanent.

there, i'm not trying to preach everyone here. But as i mentioned, i am amazed by the behavior of Prophet Muhammad s.a.w. and i hope to be like him someday. Surprise every living organism with full of amazing things.

I bear witness that there is no God to be worshiped except Allah and I bear witness that Muhammad is the Messenger of God - kalimah shahadah"
"If you had to pick the one buzzword that’s dominating social media chatter today, it would have to be location. Just over a year ago, Foursquare burst onto the scene at the SXSW conference in Austin, TX. Since then, it’s only grown dramatically.

The result has been a battle for domination in the geolocation space. While many still think Foursquare could be the next Twitter, rivals such as Gowalla (Gowalla) are giving the mobile startup some heat, and big players such as Facebook (Facebook) and Twitter (Twitter) are launching location features or are about to launch them.

Our own Pete Cashmore sat down with Bloomberg’s Cris Valerio to discuss the location trend, the battle brewing between Foursquare (Foursquare) and Gowalla at this year’s SXSW, the gold mine that is location-based advertising, the iPad, and even a little bit about the future of Mashable (Mashable).

It’s quite a fascinating video — if you do watch it, let us know what you think of the location trend (and Pete’s on-air performance) in the comments."
"my friend jus told me that she went to central market (thats in malaysia) and she saw the bag that she bought in indonesia is being sold thre (i hv another frend that has tat similar bag, she bought it in, obviously, indonesia)

, it’s a batik textured bag.. and she said that they said it was made in malaysia (im not trying to argue over whats the origin of batik coz theyre shared cultures in many countries).

anyway, my friend’s bag looks like that in the pic. it has indonesian batik textures, earth tone, weird

patterns, blablabla, thats definitely an indonesian batik. BCOZ malaysian batik doesn look like tat, it has different patterns and colors, theyre more colorful n brighter.

Indonesian batik

Malaysian batik

check out the link to prove it urself.

and one more thing, if it’s really made in malaysia then why is it priced at 39rm which she only bought for 35000rupiah (13rm).

yeah im a bitch of bothering bout this thing, bcoz i love my

country thats y

"
"If I were to describe the attributes of a smartphone platform to you, could you guess which platform it is? Let’s try it and see. Here’s your first clue: Applications for it can only be installed through one specific app store. Since everyone has an app store these days, I’ll give you another hint. This phone family doesn’t support storage expansion through small memory cards. That should rule out a few contenders, but let’s take it one step further. The operating system doesn’t allow third-party applications to run in the background, but does allow notifications for these apps to make up for it. Think you know now? If you answered Apple’s iPhone, then you’re technically correct, but there’s a surprising answer that’s equally correct.

The phone I am talking about is not an iPhone, but the new Microsoft Windows Phone.

The very same Apple attributes are causing some iPhone critics to say “I hate it” are, as Sacha Segan of PC Magazine notes, the same attributes that Microsoft is embracing. On the one hand, it’s difficult to argue with Apple’s success. The total control of hardware and software allows the Cupertino company to offer a consistent end-user experience — something that can’t be said of Microsoft’s current Windows Mobile handsets. With Windows Phone 7 however, Microsoft is taking over the overall experience in a very Apple-like way. In order to illustrate the similarities between Apple’s iPhone and Microsoft’s Windows Phone 7 approaches let’s look a look at some key attributes among the current and planned smartphone platforms:"
"My blog has not been updated for quite some time, except for the three links and the copied poem that comprise my last four posts. There is a lot to write about, a lot of things happening, light being shed on new things, and most important of all, I have actually started reading books again.

A colleague at work, with whom I regularly have intellectual discussions, suggested that I read Samuel P. Huntington's The Clash of Civilizations and the Remaking of World Order. The title of the book should suggest the kind of topics we discuss, if it does not, I will - it's mainly politics and sociology. And he even let me borrow his copy of the book. So I started reading it about two weeks ago, and I have not made much progress. It is certainly not the book and its contents that's keeping me away, it is something else, I will describe soon what.

Two months ago, while blog-trotting, I happened to read As'ad Abukhalil's blog - Angry Arab News Service. As I read more and more about him, I came to teh conclusion that, this was one person who truly believed in what he said. He is a socialist, and like me firmly believes that one day, the land of Palestine will return to its rightful people.
Browsing through the list of books by the Angry Arab, I happened to see the title ""The Battle for Saudi Arabia - Royalty, Fundamentalism, and Global Power"" and some more digging revealed that it dealt with Wahabbism and its hold on the Saudi regime. My interest in West Asian politics apart, I felt this was a book I want to read. Wahabbism has always been a philosophy that frightens me in a way. As a member of the Muslim community in Malabar, growing up in the 1990's, I have seen and experienced the kind of extreme expression of religion that Wahabbism leads its followers to. Think of a brand of Islam, that labels all the beliefs and traditions as blasphemy/heresy and says the one and only true religion is this crazy ideology that sprouted in Najd in the 1800's and grew up in the shade of Saudi petro-dollars. I have seen communities divided and heard about Masjid's being put under Administration because the over-zealous followers of the imported Wahabbism felt that they needed to take over the community in true styles of their original heroes. Wahabbism for me, is a shade of Islam that is so differerent from the Islam that I have been taught, that I grew up surrounded by, I saw people practice and I myself have tried to practice. The aspect of Islam that is distorted the most by Wahabbism is probably its stress on co-existence and tolerance. I knew I had to read this book.

I went to Landmark at The Forum in Bangalore and placed my order. They didn't have a copy in stock, so they told me I will have to wait. They promised to give me a call when the book arrived. Five weeks later, I hadn't yet received the call and I had to call them twice to get the book. Meanwhile my friend had given me Huntington's book and I had started reading it. But I decided to put it away once I had the Angry Arab's book.

So far, it has been a very good experience. As I turn each page, it reinstates in me the belief that I have always held about Wahabbism - that it is a complete contradiction to what Islam teaches and it is plainly wrong. The information that As'ad has put into his book about the nexus between the Wahabbi theology and the House of Saud is huge. I have not yet finished it, but hope to finish it in two days. 

Then I plan to read Huntington's book. After that, it will be  ""Mappila Muslims of Kerala, Society and Anti ColonialStruggles"" by Dr. Hussain Randathani. It is published by Other Books, Calicut and although I tried, I could not get a copy in Bangalore. I am still in the hunt for the book, I hope to get a copy when I go home for vacation at the end of this month.

Happened to meet one more socialist. The number of socialists I come across at work amazes me. Maybe, socialism is not all dead and buried, after all.

PS: I also read Chetan Bhagath's 2 States. It was the first Chethan Bhagath book that I was reading, and contrary to my perception, the book turned out to be good."
"In our Scamville  series of posts last October we exposed the massive user fraud occurring Facebook and MySpace social games. Fake quizzes tied to long term mobile subscriptions, malware-laden toolbar downloads and other scams  were the center of the controversy. The industry did a lot of talking in the wake of those posts and some long term changes have been made. For the most part, for example, Fake quizzes and the Video Professor scam are off Facebook (but see below on what’s still there).

But now we’re seeing the same old scams hit the iPhone. And the same players, particularly OfferPal Media and SuperRewards and now Google, are powering those scams. Specifically we’re seeing SMS-subscription offers, which trick users into putting long term subscriptions on their mobile phones (or their parent’s mobile phones).

New Offerpal CEO George Garrick promised to take a leadership position in cleaning up scammy ads. He said “It will be a fundamental part of the Offerpal culture that any offers we distribute meet stringent standards of integrity and quality, as specified by our partners, credible industry experts, and good old common sense.”

We’ve seen very misleading SMS subscription ads on a variety of applications with Admob ads. We’ve reached out to Google for their comment.

Tap Defense, an iphone game created by TapJoy, contained multiple version of the SMS subscription scam until today. The offers were being run by Offerpal. After we contacted Offerpal about this story the offers were removed and they gave us the following statement:

    Offerpal and I have done everything we said we would do following the initial social-game offer controversy back in November. We quickly adopted strict compliance rules modeled on Facebook’s requirements, and we have been working closely with the major social platforms and game developers to ensure that only the highest quality offers have been run and we have succeeded. Our offers and other “alt pay” options have been running continuously and there have been no compliance issues since, and these “alt-pay” offers are many times more popular than cash purchases with social game users. Consumers love them and they provide additional monetization for developers

    We also led the formation of an IAB standards board to set industry guidelines for lead-gen offers on social networks, and Offerpal is the ONLY offer-network who is participating in this effort. So the issue of offer quality on social networks has been properly addressed and is considered by the industry to be an issue of the past.

    Recently, we have begun to test offers in a few mobile games and apps, in particular on the iPhone. Offerpal has been participating in this effort at the request of a couple of iPhone developers and we have also just opened a direct dialogue with Apple to jointly establish standards and guidelines for offers in iPhone apps before any general rollout. In the meantime, we have been applying the same quidelines that we have been successfully using in Social Games to the few mobile apps that are carrying offers. However the vast majority of the “offers” that are running in iPhone apps are simply installs of other iPhone apps, as can be seen for example in “Tap Tap Revenge 3”.

    However, Mike has raised the question of whether mobile quizzes and other apps resulting in PSMS subscriptions may still not be clear enough in citing their terms since users may not realize they are opting in for an ongoing PSMS subscription. Although such quizzes and PSMS offers are currently in wide distribution by most of the major mobile ad networks, Mike raises a valid question. So in the interest of being conservative and wanting to operate in the best interests of the collective mobile user experience, we have immediately removed the quizzes in question and any offers resulting in PSMS subscriptions from distribution pending a further review of the concerns Mike has raised.

    Over the next week or so we will accumulate as much feedback as we can from developers, publishers, mobile platforms, and others in the industry, and on Monday March 22 we will publish on our website and via a press release a written statement of our guidelines and policies regarding alt-pay offers in mobile apps.

    George Garrick

    Chairman and CEO, Offerpal."
"Are we at a turning point in the Obama presidency? It took far too long, but the president has belatedly grasped that when the other party is out to destroy you, the search for common ground is a fool's errand.

For over a year, Obama believed that reform required him to govern as a post-ideological bipartisan. Now, mercifully, he has learned that progressive leadership demands taking on the Republicans, just as it requires taking on the insurance and banking industries. There is little common ground on those fronts either.

Since early March, Obama has begun to sound more like the bold figure who won the hearts of voters during the campaign. The showdown is expected late next week. Speaker Nancy Pelosi seldom schedules a vote without having a majority in her pocket. With all the bill's deficiencies, winning its passage would be a triumph, not just for expansion of health coverage, but for Obama's capacity to learn and grow in office and defeat Republican obstruction.

Should he succeed, there will be little public sympathy for Republican caviling about the use of the reconciliation progress to, well, reconcile differences between the House and Senate bills. Technical parliamentary complaints will seem more like the bleating of sore losers. Obama can seize the high ground of majority rule."
"At the end of this summer of discontent, of death panels and unplugging  poor Grandma, of birthers  and astroturfers  and rifle-toting  picketers, the halcyon early days of the Obama administration feel increasingly like hazy, gilt-edged memories. The president's sprawling legislative agenda -- a health-care overhaul, financial regulation reform, slashing wasteful military spending, and climate change legislation legislation -- is slowly grinding its way through the halls of Congress. Barack Obama's sheen, his administration's unflagging confidence, and all the bipartisan, post-racial aspirations have been replaced by the hard realities of Washington politicking. And with the media's lens more tightly focused than ever on Washington's every move and utterance 24/7, anything said a few months back feels like a lifetime ago.

One particular statement from distant April, however, bears revisiting. The president's chief of staff, Rahm Emanuel, then grasped not only the magnitude of what was being undertaken, but the raft of entrenched interests lining up in opposition. As he told the New York Times:

    ""We're not taking on a fight; we're taking on a multiple-front fight because we've taken on a series of entrenched interests across the waterfront -- from education to health care, and the defense industry, and the lobbying industry as a whole... There will be a scorecard at the end of which ones we won and which ones we didn't, but every one of those policy challenges have been initiated by us.""


Never short on chutzpah, Emanuel made it clear: it was Us vs. Them in a ""multiple-front fight."" A ""scorecard at the end"" would determine winners and losers. As a candidate on the campaign trail, Obama himself regularly decried the undue influence of moneyed interests and lobbyists. Announcing his candidacy on February 10, 2007, for instance, he declared it ""time to turn the page"" on the ""cynics, and the lobbyists, and the special interests who've turned our government into a game only they can afford to play."" And on January 21, 2009, the very day he came into office, Obama issued one of his first executive orders aiming to limit the influence of lobbyists in the new administration. He planned to ""close the revolving door that lets lobbyists come into government freely, and lets them use their time in public service as a way to promote their own interests over the interests of the American people when they leave.""

The new White House stood confident in those early months that it could take on ""K Street"" -- a street in the capital notorious for the density of its lobbying firms as well as Washington shorthand for their growing ranks. Tallied up today, however, the administration's seven-month scorecard tells a different story. Just as sweeping as the administration's packed domestic agenda has been the sheer force with which the lobbying industry and its clients have fought back, blocking, maligning, or undermining its progress. In a Washington version of Newton's third law, the president's actions and those of his allies in Congress have elicited an equal and opposite reaction from opponents -- inside the Beltway and beyond it.

Spending eye-popping sums of money, deploying armies of lobbyists, dispatching grassroots foot soldiers as agents of disruption, the special interests have fought fiercely to derail the White House reform agenda. It's now apparent that Obama and his advisers, including Rahm Emanuel, underestimated their strength. Even if Congress were to move in all four areas targeted for reform, the concessions already made, the softening of prospective regulations and restrictions, would likely signal a series of genuine victories for those special interests."
The United States Government has shown its commitment to support the development of a new generation of uclear power plant (NGNP, Next Generation Nuclear Plant) that is more secure and safe.World Nuclear News dated March 9, 2010 reported that two groups of technologies, each headed by General Atomics and Westinghouse, have been asked to complete the conceptual design and make detailed plans to build the NGNP.he United States Government announced it would provide a total funding of $40 million to support both teams in the completion of their conceptual designs and plans for a NGNP until the end of August this year.General Atomic team has suggested the GT-MHR (Gas Turbine Modular Helium Reactor), involving the Korean Atomic Energy Research Institute (KAERI), and Fuji Electric Systems. Meanwhile, the Westinghouse team will make the PBMR concept, supported by PBMR Ltd, Shaw Group, Thosiba, Doosan, Insight Technology, and M-Tech Industrial.Both designs will use nuclear fuel kernels coated with uranium oxide and covered with layers of carbon and carbides. In the GT-MHR kernels will be hexagonal blocks arranged in a compact terrace, while in the PBMR, kernels will be compiled in the form of balls in the larger terrace. Both will be cooled by using helium gas with a temperature of 850 degrees Celsius.When the conceptual design is completed, this event will mark the completion of Phase I of the NGNP project. Phase II will begin with a selection, followed by design development and construction for the NGNP planned for Idaho.The United States government's latest statement mentioned that the combined construction and operation license may be submitted to the regulator in 2013, with construction beginning in 2017 and operation in 2021. 
the blog has been quite neglected lately well ever since i started twittering lol sad i know but don't fear i have not forgotten about my ol' blog so whats new and exciting lately well lets see i have been elected into the board of directors at the local UU church which is cool working on a new play that starts in mid april gonna be working on a movie set in the near future and eevopets my long lost virtual petsite is once again getting reborn it's been resurrected twice now maybe this time we'll get it right umm lets see the girlfriend that i currently have is great i'm a bit hesitant to go into details because well you know what happen the last time i made a relationship annoucement on here she like flipped out on me (the x-gf) and we were history within the hour of the post so yea this one is pretty special so i'll leave it at that. as you can tell i'm still grammatically incorrect it's only because i'm too lazy to use punctuation except for a period here and there lol. i relized recently that the anniversary of my separation or betrayal however you choose to view it passed without knowlegde this year which is a good sign i guess still have bitter feelings towards andrea about it but i can't really complain about my life at the current time because i have everything i need for the most part friends a job roof over my head decent transportation food my bills are getting paid social networks i get out and do things living an active life and i have smokes dew and a snickers what more does a person need right? even tho i have all this and i should... i do.... consider myself lucky... just still something fills missing or missed i guess i'm happy tho i don't even know what happy is but i would guess its something like this i know the girl i'm with now would never betray me like all the others in my past it's just not in her nature like "others" she's untainted unjaded pure of heart i like that. anyways moving on college is going well it's been a rough semester i'm taking 17 credits this time and it's taking it's toll on me but i'm being a good lil trooper and getting the job done oh and i got a new phone as well i love it it's the samsung moment w/google and i have right to find something that it won't let me do it's truly the perfect fone feel free to call me at XXX-XXX-XXXX ( if you see x's it's because it's being blocked you wasn't choosen to recieve it contact me if you wanna know why) ok well i know you are sick of reading my gramatically challenged post and i'm sick of writing so as i always say i'm sure there is more to talk about and share but i don't for now keep up to date with me by adding 1prdpgn to your twitter feed l8ter all!
"I got back last week from a great vacation in Maui visiting Anna! Mom and I went together and we spent the week sleeping on Anna's porch (so lovely!), hanging out on the Pacific Whale Foundation boat with Anna and watching whales, and watching the third season of Arrested Development while drinking gin & tonics (a must-do activity for any hawaiian vacation!)


After about the first hour of vacation I re-remembered that Anna is a much better photographer than I am - so I packed my camera away for the rest of the trip and am using only her pictures for my blog posts. =) She gave me about 270 pics on a CD, and while I'm not going to post all of them, even the weeded out assortment will take some time to post here so I'm going to put up pictures in phases.


Here is a collection of my favorite whale pics that Anna sent me - they are not necessarily from the week we were there, but we did see all of these activities happen while we were out on the boat!"
"A few days ago Ken Cuccinelli, Virginia’s new conservative Republican attorney general, “advised  the state’s public colleges that they don’t have the authority to ban discrimination based on sexual orientation, saying only the General Assembly has that power,” producing a stampede of criticism not only from the usual suspects but also others  who are not reflexively anti-Republican.

On March 9th, the Washington Post reported:

    More than 3,000 people joined the Facebook page We Don’t Want Discrimination In Our State Universities And Colleges! Nearly 1,000 people joined another, started by activists at the College of William and Mary. The University of Virginia group Queer & Allied Activism urged students to protest on Cuccinelli’s Facebook page and on Twitter.

    Students at Virginia Commonwealth University, one of the few in the state not on break, planned a rally for noon Wednesday, with several hundred students committed. At Christopher Newport University, student Republican and Democratic leaders will discuss their next steps at a bipartisan meeting Friday.

    “I’ve never gotten so many e-mails from students wanting to do something,” said Brandon Carroll, 21, president of the student government at Virginia Tech. He said any erosion in gay rights at state universities is “going to make us lose top students. It’s going to make us lose top faculty.”"
"Every time before this, on occasion of New Year's, I wrote on the 31st of December, wishing you in advance.

I was going to do the same this time, too.

However, something came to me, and told me, ""No. Think again."".
Those words were way too much to handle, profound and simple in their entirety. Uninvited, they changed my mentality to an extent that I had no other option but to write today -- the first day of the new year.

But you know what sudden change is like, don't you? It seems asinine, especially in the beginning. Like a minor viral infection that pierces through the immune system, you can only hear it like the snow that touches the ground. And if you pay close attention to that sound, it just seems crazy. But like sudden change, that sound starts blaring like songs at an Indian wedding. And that's when you realize you have no option but to listen to it.
Unless you have noise canceling headphones, that is.

Also, like that very snow, the voice that told me to ""Think again"" was not a voice, at all. In fact, it was an absence of it.

Okay, enough mumbo-jumbo. My internet connection died yesterday.

So, happy new year, today!"
"Microsoft faces a tough assignment in trying to get back in the smartphone game. Nokia’s Symbian maintains a massive presence in overseas markets, while Apple’s iPhone and Google’s Android have gained tremendous momentum in the superphone era. And Windows Mobile will only continue to lose ground in advance of the debut of Windows Phone later this year thanks to the fact that the two platforms will be incompatible.

But there’s no shortage of players hoping that Redmond can breathe new life into its mobile business. The following are just a few of the entities with a vested interest in seeing Windows Phone succeed:

    * Corporate IT departments — Business users are increasingly turning to consumer-friendly smartphones like the iPhone and forcing IT staffers to support their new gadgets. But the emergence of a phone that offers both Microsoft’s seamless integration with Exchange Server and consumer-friendly features and applications would go a long way toward making life easier for IT workers.
    * HTC – The Taiwan-based handset manufacturer is fully aboard the Android bandwagon, but hitching your wagon to a single OS is a dangerous strategy for a mobile OEM. So the longtime Windows Mobile supplier is one of the launch partners for Windows Phone and vows to develop an “HTC Hub” for the platform.
    * Motorola — Although it joined the Android crowd late last year in a big way, releasing both the Cliq and the Droid, as Om noted in January, Motorola was left out in the cold when HTC was tapped to produce Google’s flagship device. The struggling company will continue to churn out Android handsets, but Windows Phone has caught its eye. Look for increasing interest — and maybe a hardware commitment — out of Motorola as the OS nears its launch later this year.
    * Application developers — Microsoft is wooing developers by forcing manufacturers to comply with strict guidelines regarding screen sizes, buttons and features. That will make it easier for developers to deploy apps across a range of Windows Phone gadgets without having to tweak each app for each handset. And longtime Windows Mobile developers are sure to be pleased by a platform that combines high-tech entertainment features with Microsoft’s business-focused technology.
    * Gamers — Integrating Windows Phone with Xbox and Windows is an interesting move for a company whose mobile strategy has long focused on the enterprise. But it’s also a strategy that could finally push mobile gaming beyond casual, pick-up-and-play titles and toward more immersive, console-type experiences.
"
So far no international classification for hotels exists, but that hasn’t stopped ambitious hotel marketers from slapping any number of stars, diamonds, or cacti on their properties and touting them as 5-, 6- or even 7-star properties, whatever that may mean in real service and amenities.I think the ratings inflation trend began with the Xanadu-like building frenzy in Dubai, especially with the luxury hotel Burj Al Arab (Tower of the Arabs), built on an artificial island and billed as a 7-star stay by the the Dubai government’s Development and Investment Office.conomy.Wikipedia says there are only three seven-star hotels in the world (Town House Galleria in Milan; the Burj and Emirates Palace in Abu Dhabi), but that hasn’t stopped Drake and Cavendish Luxury Hotel and Travel Guide. From publishing its list of Six Star hotels, here’s when we say this is hotel rating inflation bordering on fraud! We’re told, though we can’t confirm it, that one so-called six star resort actually offers a poolside valet to polishguests' sunglasses and eliminate all that pesky poolside humidity.But a Mobil Travel Guide official told us that when you achieve five stars, that’s perfection. Forget the other hype, he said.One reviewer in Norway stayed at the self-designated Six Star Ai Bahia Principe Costa Adeje, Spain, and went on to say the hotel lacked room service… but who cares, the reviewer said, because “you’re asleep during the night anyway.”
It may not be illegal to tuck your kids into bed via iChat while taking advantage of United's in-flight WiFi, but that didn't stop a flight attendant from ending John Battelle's (admittedly precious) use of the service during a flight two days ago. It seems that the airline has a policy that prohibits "two-way devices" from communicating with the ground -- you know, in case some terrorists board the plane and try some shenanigans. Apparently a laptop with WiFi isn't considered a "two-way device," until you throw videoconferencing apps like Skype into the mix. Somehow, it seems, the company missed Apple iChat when blocking ports, thus enabling the whole affair. Let this be a lesson to those of you with children: save the chats for the hotel room or the airport lobby, eh?
"To date, President Obama's nominations to key defense postings have been mostly pragmatic, starting at the top with the retention of Secretary Gates. However, in the instance of Philip Coyle -- nominated to fill the associate director of national security and international affairs spot in the Office of Science and Technology Policy-- the administration whiffed. Coyle, a long time opponent of ballistic missile defense (dating back to Reagan's SDI days), is an ideologue whose appointment could prove harmful to U.S. security. 

Coyle claims that missile defense is a ""theology, not a technology."" He's argued, steadily, that BMD systems are useless against countermeasures like chaff and maneuverable warheads, and that testing failures in certain systems renders the technology obsolete. In 2006, just prior to North Korea test firing a volley of ballistic missiles, Coyle wrote:

    The ground-based system hasn't had a successful flight intercept test in four years. In the two most recent attempts, the interceptor never got off the ground and failed to leave its silo. And in the only other recent attempt, the kill vehicle - the pointy-end of the interceptor - failed to separate from its booster and missed its target.

    A question the press might ask President Bush is, ""So long as you resist face-to-face meetings with North Korea, aren't you just giving them more time to develop a missile that can reach the U.S.?""

    Or to put it differently, ""Mr. President, which do you think will take longer: North Korea to develop a missile that can reach the U.S.? Or the U.S. to develop a missile defense we can rely on?""

A fair question. Despite an aggressive long range missile program, North Korea has yet to launch a missile that can reach Hawaii, much less the continental United States. Meanwhile, there have been successful tests of the RIM-161 SM-3 interceptor, the airborne laser, the ground-based mid course interceptor, and the theater high-altitude area defense system. But instead of retracting after completely misreading North Korean v. U.S. development capabilities, he switched tactics, claiming in House testimony that deterrence assures us that North Korea would never attack the south, Japan, or the United States. In the same testimony, Coyle -- despite a series of successful tests -- clung to the very same talking point he used almost a decade earlier -- that BMD is questionable technology which isn't worth the money or resources. "
"Vodafone has shuttered Wayfinder  — just 16 months after spending $30 million to acquire the Swedish navigational software firm. The move underscores just how drastically the mobile navigation market has changed in the last year thanks to the emergence of free services from third-party developers. It’s also a sign that U.S. operators won’t be able to continue charging customers extra for navigation for much longer.

Navigation has been a lucrative space for carriers such as Verizon Wireless and Sprint, both of whom continue to offer GPS-based services for $3 a day or $10 a month. Vodafone had acquired Wayfinder in an effort to create a suite of new location-based services and keep pace with third-party developers such as Google and Nokia.

But both Google and Nokia have made their offerings free in the last few months, giving consumers turn-by-turn directions and other goodies for no charge beyond the cost of mobile data. So Vodafone will ditch its effort to develop its own products and look to partner with third parties for location services that it can offer for free. And that’s a clear indication that U.S. carriers looking to monetize their branded navigation services will have to find a way to do it without dinging their customers for additional monthly charges."
"Well....shoulder surgery was a success...for the Doctor. He told Christina that ""I would be happy I did it."".....Well, I'm still waiting for that joy to overtake me....LOL! It's now been 4 1/2 weeks since the surgery and I'm just now able to do any type of strength exercises. Now don't get too excited for me. The band that I'm using is almost like trying to stretch a small rubber band. It was very depressing to see the difference in my arms when doing rows in front of the mirror. I'm very ansy to get back onto a strict routine, but in the same sense, I want to remain as patient as possible so I don't re-damage my shoulder. 

I have set some fitness goals this year and they include a lot of cycling. I will be doing the Hotter Than Hell 100 Ride in Wichita Falls, TX in August which I feel is a good goal for me with the timing of being able to hit training at the right time. And then after it, I want to do a Sprint Triathlon and possibly a half marathon. The latter two will require me to learn to run distance. I grew up a sprinter and never had to run further than 600 meters other than pre-season which really didn't count. But...that's just part of meeting the goals.

I will be doing a lot of easy upper body and honestly look forward to hitting the One on One Fountain of Youth Yoga.

Christina is hitting P90X hard again which is awesome and I love that she's pressing forward....she's amazing. She has been asked to speak to a group at our church on fitness and P90X/Beachbody products so all is good!

Hope everyone's goals this year are lofty and full of fitness! Please let me know what I can do to help."
"The problem with all of these people who are walking out the door at MySpace isn’t so much the number of them, because MySpace is trying to replace them by hiring more people. It’s the fact that the best people are leaving, and taking a lot of the knowledge base with them.

Three star senior employees left to go to cross-town startup Gravity, we reported earlier this week. And tonight we’ve heard that Jeff Webber, the engineering director that oversees the email, instant messaging and other “communications” platforms for MySpace, resigned earlier this week as well to join a startup. He’s been at MySpace for nearly three years and was one of the star engineers and leaders, says one source.

Other recent departures – VP and General Manager of Mobile John Faith, SVP User Experience Katie Geminder and most of her team. And of course CEO Owen Van Natta. And lots more as well, only a few of which we’ve reported.

The company has no direction, says everyone we talk to at MySpace except the top execs, and internal politics are the only thing that seem to matter. Ambitious new projects like Remaking MySpace have been thrown away just because the wrong exec supported it. Anyone who actually wants to build products has left or is looking for a new job, say many, many sources.

If you’re a MySpace employee and feel differently, please contact us anonymously. Because right now all we see is a ton of fluff and absurdity coming from the top, and massive morale problems at the middle management ranks.

The title of this post is actually a recent quote from a (now former) MySpace employee, and it seems to be accurate. They say a company has to hit rock bottom before it can even think about rebuilding into something new. If that’s the case, the time to start rebuilding is, apparently, right about now. But in our opinion MySpace has no chance at all until it is free of the News Corp. death grip."
"New research reported this week in the journal Regenerative Medicine points to new directions for creating therapeutic stem cells from adult cells, a technique that has many possibilities for treatment of human diseases. Applying this technique may also lead to treatments directly applying to diseases of aging.

The paper (available here [PDF]) by authors from BioTime Inc., a California research company, demonstrates a new method that helps confirm the telomere hypothesis of cell aging. The telomere hypothesis suggests that a part of the chromosome called a telomere is the “clock” that counts the cell’s age.

One of the problems that has plagued research into so-called “adult” stem cells is that while it’s possible to make therapeutic stem cells from adult cells, these cells “act old.” Unlike embryonic stem cells, they can’t replicate as many times; they die out quickly.

Chromosomes are simply collections of DNA molecules that contain the “genetic code” used to build the proteins that become the body’s tissues. A chromosome is really a sequence of codons, which are like the letters in a coded message, like a teletype message."
What looked like a drizzle last night seems to be turning into a full on downpour. The folks over at BlackBerry Leaks have gotten themselves even more facetime with that mysterious BlackBerry slider device -- and it looks a lot better than we thought. Right now the theories are flying about just exactly what kind of phone this is, with BBL suggesting it might be the next phone in the Storm family, while Kevin over at CrackBerry  has it on good authority that this new handset will be part of the Bold line. Kevin also says that the rumors he's heard on this device call for a 360 x 480 touchscreen display (sans SurePress) and expectations for BlackBerry OS 6.0 to be onboard. The pictured phone apparently has a battery issue which is keeping it from powering up, but hopefully someone will find a way to spark this thing to life and we can get some more solid info. For now, check out one more pic after the break. 
"American society appears to be undergoing a crisis in trust. Most of the major organizations that we depend upon, including governments of all types, corporations, our health care system, our financial institutions, and our schools all seem to be failing us. Indeed, I do not believe it is an exaggeration to claim that our society is actually undergoing a disintegration process whereby the fundamental premises and values supporting our institutions are all being called into question. While such disintegration is of course very painful to experience, it is also a tremendous opportunity for genuine transformation. My essay will attempt to outline some of the most important values and strategies necessary for the creation of, and the transformation to, high trust organizations.

Higher Purpose

Virtually all of our societal organizations seem to have either forgotten or have never really known why they exist and what their higher purposes are. Instead, they have often elevated narrow individual and institutional self-interest into the only purposes that they recognize as valid. Our governments all too frequently serve the politicians and the public service unions rather than their citizens. Our schools too often serve their educational bureaucracy and teachers' unions instead of their students and their parents. Our health care system too often seeks to maximize the profits of pharmaceutical companies, hospitals, doctors, and insurance companies rather than the health and wellness of patients. Many of our corporations primarily exist to maximize the compensation of their executives, and secondarily shareholder value, rather than value creation for customers, employees, and other major stakeholders.

The single most important requirement for the creation of higher levels of trust for any organization is to discover or rediscover the higher purpose of the organization. Why does the organization exist? What is it trying to accomplish? What core values will inspire the organization and create greater trust from all of its stakeholders?

While there are potentially as many different purposes as there are organizations, I believe that great organizations have great purposes. The highest ideals that humans aspire to should be the same ideals that our organizations also have as their highest purposes. These include such timeless ideals as:

The Good: Service to others--improving health, education, communication, and the quality of life. Southwest Airlines, Nordstroms, The Container Store, Amazon.com, and Joie de Vivre Hospitality are examples of this great purpose.

The True: Discovery & furthering human knowledge. Google, Intel, Genentech, and Wikipedia all express this higher aspiration.

The Beautiful: Excellence & the creation of beauty. Apple and Berkshire Hathaway share this ideal in their own unique ways.

The Heroic: Courage to do what is right to change & improve the world. Grameen Bank and the Gates Foundation express this higher purpose in their actions.

Organizations that place these higher purposes at the very core of their business model tend to inspire trust from all of their major stakeholders: customers, employees, investors, suppliers, and the larger communities that they exist in. Higher purpose and shared core values tend to unify the organization behind their fulfillment and usually act to pull the overall organization upwards to a higher degree ethical commitment. Higher levels of trust are a natural result of this unity of purpose, shared core values, and greater ethical commitment.

Conscious Leadership -- Walking the Walk

Next to the power of higher purpose, nothing is more important for creating high levels of organizational trust than the quality and commitment of the leadership at all levels of the organization. It doesn't matter if an organization has a higher purpose if the leadership doesn't understand it and seek to serve it. The various stakeholders of an organization, especially employees and customers, look to the leadership to ""walk-the-talk""--to serve the purpose and mission of the organization and to lead by example. It is especially important that the CEO and other senior leadership embody the higher purpose of the organization.

As the co-founder and CEO of Whole Foods Market, I'm the most visible person in the company. One of the most important parts of my job is touring our stores and talking to our team members, customers, and suppliers. I know that in virtually everything that I say and do, our team members are always studying me, trying to determine whether they can trust me and the mission of the company. I'm always on stage. So walking the talk is very important. I try to communicate the mission and values of Whole Foods at every opportunity and I try to live those core values myself with complete fidelity. Fidelity to the mission and values builds trust, while any deviance undermines it. High trust organizations and hypocritical leadership are mutually exclusive.

Teams Everywhere

Human beings evolved in relatively small tribal bands. Many scientific studies have indicated that our ability to maintain close trusting relationships with family, friends, and co-workers is constrained to probably not more than about 150 people. We can, of course, know many more people than this, but it is hard to know them well enough to develop close bonds of trust based on actual experiences. At Whole Foods we recognize the importance of smaller tribal groupings to maximize familiarity and trust. We organize our stores and company into a variety of interlocking teams. Most teams have between 6 and 100 team members and the larger teams are subdivided further into a variety of sub-teams. The leaders of each team are also members of the Store Leadership Team and the Store Team Leaders are members of the Regional Leadership Team. This interlocking team structure continues all the way upwards to the Executive Team at the highest level of the company.

It has been our experience at Whole Foods that trust is optimized in this type of smaller team organizational structure. This is because each person is a vital and important member of their teams. The success of the team is dependent upon the invaluable contributions of everyone on the team. Trust is optimized when it flows between all levels within the organization. Many leaders make the mistake of believing that the key to increasing organizational trust is to somehow get the work force to trust the leadership more. While this is obviously very important, it is equally important that the leadership trust the workforce. To receive trust, it is usually necessary that we give trust. Organizing into small interlocking teams helps ensure that trust will flow in all directions within the organization -- upwards, downwards, within the team, and across teams.

Empowerment = Trust

While small teams are essential to optimizing the flow of organizational trust, equally important is the philosophy of empowerment. The effectiveness of teams is tremendously enhanced when they are fully empowered to do their work and to fulfill the organization's mission and values. Empowerment must be much, much more than a mere slogan, however. It should be within the very DNA of the organization. Empowerment unleashes creativity and innovation and rapidly accelerates the evolution of the organization. Empowered organizations have tremendous competitive advantage because they have tapped into levels of energy and commitment which their competitors usually have difficulty matching.

Nothing holds back empowerment more than the leadership philosophy of command and control. Command and control (C&C) is actually the opposite of empowerment and it greatly lessens trust. C&C usually involves detailed rules and bureaucratic structures to enforce the rules. Such detailed rules almost always inhibit innovation and creativity. People get ahead in the organization not through being innovative, but by following the rules and playing it safe. C&C may produce compliance from the workforce, but it seldom unleashes much energy or passion for the purpose of the organization. Empowerment = Trust. C&C = Lack of Trust.

The Importance Of Transparency and Authentic Communication

A very important measurement and condition of trust is transparency. If we want to optimize trust then we must seek to optimize transparency. When we decide to keep something hidden the motivation is almost always a lack of trust. We are afraid that the information that we wish to hide would cause more harm than good if it were widely known. While of course, some discretion is usually necessary to protect important organizational information from migrating to one's competitors or to outsiders who wish to harm the organization, such discretion can easily be overdone. Transparency is a very important supporting value for empowerment. Indeed, it is difficult for an organization to be empowered if it lacks transparency.

Whole Foods Market strives to optimize transparency to all of our stakeholders. Authentic communication with honesty and integrity are essential attributes of both transparency and trust. This is the exact opposite of what many organizations do, which is to try to ""spin"" their messaging to tell people what they believe people want to hear so that people will think well of them. This lack of honest, authentic communication and transparency usually boomerangs, however, and undermines trust and creates cynicism. One of the main reasons why Americans don't trust many political leaders, including the various Presidents that have led us, is that we discover that they routinely lie to us. They don't tell us the truth and we come to understand that they don't trust us and feel that they need to manipulate us. We tell the truth to people that we trust.

The high-trust organization takes the risk of revealing too much information. We must be willing to take the risk that some valuable information may fall into the wrong hands because our commitment to empowerment and trust necessitates taking that risk. Creating transparency and authentic communication is an ongoing challenge that every organization faces. We must continually strive to remove the barriers that prevent it, knowing that we can't maintain high levels of organizational trust without it.

Fairness in All Things

Nothing unravels trust more quickly in an organization than either the reality or the perception of unfairness. Another important virtue of creating a culture of transparency is that it helps ensure that unfairness is clearly seen and can therefore be corrected quickly. It is essential that the ethic of fairness apply to all key organizational processes such as hiring, promotion, compensation, discipline, and termination. Favoritism and nepotism undermine organizational trust. They cannot be tolerated. People are often prone to envy and any perceived unfairness exacerbates this tendency greatly, giving it the energy of justification.

Creating a Culture of Love and Care

Ultimately we cannot create high trust organizations without creating cultures based on love and care. The people we usually trust the most are the people that we also believe genuinely love and care for us. All too often, love and care are not qualities that we associate with organizations. We tend to look for love and friendship with our families and friends, but not from our work. Why is this? Many people believe that love and care in the organizational setting interfere with efficiency and get in the way of making the ""tough but necessary"" decisions that the organization requires for success. This type of thinking reflects our own lack of integration of love and care in our own lives. We have created an artificial barrier that is holding back our own personal growth and the full potential of our organizations.
Fear is the opposite of love. When fear predominates in the organization, love and care cannot flourish. The opposite is also true--love and care banish fear. How can we create more love and care in our organizations? To answer this would require another essay and perhaps even an entire book. After discovering the higher organizational purpose, nothing is more important than encouraging and nurturing love and care. Here are a few suggestions that will hopefully stimulate further thinking on this incredibly important goal of creating more love and care in our organizations:

• The leadership must embody genuine love and care. This cannot be faked. If the leadership doesn't express love and care in their actions then love and care will not flourish in the organization. As Gandhi said: ""We must be the change that we wish to see in the world.""

• We must ""give permission"" for love and care to be expressed in the organization. Many organizations are afraid of love and care and force them to remain hidden. Love and care will flow naturally when we give them permission and encourage them.

• We should consider the virtues of love and care in all of our leadership promotion decisions. We shouldn't just promote the most competent, but also the most loving and caring. Our organizations need both and we should promote leaders who embody both.

• Cultivate forgiveness rather than judgment and condemnation. Too many organizations believe that judgment of others and criticizing failures are essential for creating excellence. While striving for excellence is important for all organizations, this can be done at a higher level of consciousness without condemnation. Forgiveness doesn't mean condoning mistakes and failures. It simply means that we help the other person to learn from their mistakes through non-judgmental feedback and encouragement.

• End all your organizational meetings with ""appreciations"". This is something that Whole Foods Market has been doing for about 25 years now with wonderful results for spreading love and care. Give everyone participating in the meeting the opportunity to voluntarily appreciate and thank other members in the group for services they have contributed or qualities that are admired. This one simple cultural practice of appreciating our fellow team members moves us out of judgment and fear into the consciousness of love.

Conclusion

We have the opportunity to create more conscious and higher trust organizations in the 21st century. To do so will require three major changes. First the organization must become conscious of what its higher purposes are. Without consciousness of higher purposes organizations will not reach their fullest potential because the creative energy within the organization will not be fully expressed.
Secondly, we'll need our leaders to evolve to higher levels of consciousness and trust themselves. We will not be able to create high trust organizations without more conscious and high trust leaders. Less conscious leaders will tend to hold their organizations back.

Thirdly, we will need to evolve the cultures of our organization in ways that create processes, strategies, and structures that encourage higher levels of trust. These will necessarily include the important ideals of teams, empowerment, transparency, authentic communication, fairness, love and care."
"After delivering a GDC panel on his cinematic inspiration, we met with Metroid: Other M  producer Yoshio Sakamoto to ask him about everything from collaborating with Team Ninja, lessons learned from Metroid Prime, the newfound focus on story in the Metroid universe, and whether or not he played Chair's Super Metroid love letter, Shadow Complex. Read on!

Can you tell us about the process of working with Team Ninja. Who does what design-wise and technology-wise?

Yoshio Sakamoto: The original design concept came from me, but then we went and assembled a team that could pull this off. And in this case it was people from Team Ninja, who we really thought was the best fit. But they've also provided a lot of core ideas that have influenced the direction of the game, particularly the director, Mr. Hayashi. So, as I mentioned in the speech today, it's not so much that we're dividing up tasks but collaborating as equals.

After E3 and the initial announcement a lot of people were making comments like, ""Oh, it seems like they've dumped Retro for this series and they want to go with another developer,"" as if it was a big switch-off. But, in actuality, that is far from the case; rather, we just wanted to put together the best team that we could to make this project, which turns out to be Project M.
Gallery: Metroid: Other M



Retro obviously produced the Metroid Prime series; very successful, very influential. Do you consider this a reboot of the series after Metroid Prime? Is this the direction for future Metroids or just another direction?

The games that I've been involved with in the Metroid series have been on the NES, GameBoy, Super NES and the GBA. I actually didn't have a lot of input on the Prime series. But when they're doing with Other M here, it's not so much a different universe, it's just a different part of the story. You can't say that there's no relation here; it's probably best to think of them as being in parallel in this world.

What, if anything, has the team learned from Prime?

I've been working on 2D Metroid games all the way up until now, so when we had a chance to see the Prime games, which suddenly take the series to the 3D space, we realized people found it to have a really good visual impact, and they really did want that kind of enhanced visual experience. And so, I have to say I'm certainly influenced by people's desires in that direction.

There are some points in Other M that are going to feel a bit like the Prime series in terms of the visual experience they offer. But what we're really trying to do is bring the ease of play you found in the 2D series forward. But certainly Prime was a very cool series and we've taken some notes there.

Seeing as how Prime had a very Western focus,
Other M is ""a really good intro"" to the Metroid universe.
is Other M intended to revitalize the Metroid franchise in Japan?

I have to say we're definitely thinking globally. We want to drive the elements that people have really attached fondness to in the Metroid series. And so we're actively working to find out what people want, but we're not just thinking about the ideas of gamers in Japan. We're definitley thinking about everyone.

Will there be any online component to Other M? And, if not, why isn't online a priority?

There's no online functionality in this title, and the reason for that is that Other M does not rely on that as one of the core design ideas. They're thinking more about the single-player style that you've seen in all Metroid games up until this point. And one of the specific goals here is to convey the charm of Samus as a character and to bring forth several perspectives on what kind of personality she has and how she reacts to situations. So online wouldn't really factor into that kind of character development as a core idea. If they were going to design a Metroid game with an online functionality it really would've had to have come in at the ground floor, when they come up with the design of the game.

The understanding of the Metroid world is not something you can really take for granted among every single gamer out there. There are some people who are new to this series and some people who've been with it for a long time. So one of the first tasks is to bring everyone up to the same level of understanding in the Metroid universe. And this game focuses as a really good intro, as well as a really good new challenge to that world. Once you raise the level of awareness of what the Metroid universe is like, then you can start to think about bringing completely new gameplay ideas that haven't been present before. "
"Presence-enabled communities will be the “primary market driver” behind mobile demand for Web 2.0 applications and services that will generate $18.9 billion in 2014, according to figures released this morning from Juniper Research. Carriers will have a chance to tap into that market if they can effectively evolve beyond their traditional role as network operators.

As loosely defined by Juniper, mobile Web 2.0 features the web as a platform for applications and the user as both creator and consumer of content. That broad definition includes offerings such as mobile Skype as well as basic chat services, social networks and location-aware services such as Foursquare and Gowalla that feature community. A combination of ads, data charges and premium services will be among the key revenue streams, Juniper said.

The market for mobile Web 2.0 is one that AT&T is trying to tap with Buzz.com, a new, Yelp-like social recommendations site that will likely embrace presence management as it matures. (The offering, which is aimed at helping users find the right local business based on reviews from friends and family, launched in January and is in closed alpha.) The problem for operators, though, will be in getting their apps in the hands of users on other networks. That’s an entirely new strategy for carriers, which have long deployed products and services solely to attract new subscribers and hold on to the customers they already have. If AT&T or any of its competitors can make a go of it, they could tap an entirely new business model beyond merely being mobile network operators."
"The building next to us is finally getting its windows cleaned.  It's been one year since ours were last done.  The little platform that the cleaners used has been rusting outside so I guess these simple repairs take time around here.  Maybe we shouldn't complain as a friend of ours says his building's windows have not been cleaned since he moved in almost three years ago.

On Tuesday we attended a fancy dinner reception that honored America's President's Day.  It was sponsored by the U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi and we saw many diplomats and army/navy brass.  I met a librarian from the State Department here and he kindly put me on his mailing list. 

On Friday morning I and a friend walked in the annual Terry Fox Run.  It took place along the Corniche and it was nice to be outside walking.  I used sunscreen and wore a long brimmed Tilley hat but one part of my neck still got sunburned.    

Darcy is nearing the end of Week 30 of the pregnancy.   Only 10 weeks to go before The Arrival.  We finished reading a couple of baby names books and we're now looking at each others' lists.  We only wrote down a couple of names that were the same but it should be fun trying to narrow down the list of boy and girl first and middle names.  Of course this is based on the assumption that the name will fit the baby after s/he is born. It will have to have a name before we can do all the paperwork and leave the hospital.
"
Anyone here interested about Warhammer games? I am not a huge Warhammer fan more like Warcraft, Age of empire enthusiast when it comes to RTS games. But i have to agree i enjoyed Warhammer 40k games. The online reason now i am downloading the beta cause i read GameInformer( June 08 ) article on this game and several gameplay features made me a future fan. I want to add some quote from GI - "...the focus has shifted toward encouraging players to taka part in large public PvP areas that can be found in nearly every zone." Check the IGNs beta preview if you want to learn more about the almost finished game. http://pc.ign.com/articles/906/906266p2.htmlFrom the sceenshots and gameplay video game is looking exceptionally polished and ready to go. I am hoping to post another blog after playing the game for several hours. i never played World of warcraft and only MMORPG i played for over 100 hours is Dungeon Runners. i never like the monthly subscription fee that is $15, warhammer will have same kinda fee, so i am sure i am not going to play the full game even if i like the game, in my opinion online game should follow the fps game rule like Team Fortress, Call of Duty, where you buy a game and play as long as you wish without paying extra money.if you are wondering from where i am downloading the beta, the answer is on the image above - Fileplanet. From their site beta will be playable from September 7th so i am going to play that game 12 days before most the gamers and also i don't have to pay a dime. It will take some time to finish the downloading - it's almost 10 GB (9.38 exactly). According to the official site so far almost 900K people applied for beta participation, not bad for game that is not related with WOW.
"On Sunday's Newsroom, CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin disputed the conclusion of the Los Angeles Times on the apparently shocking new political initiative of Clarence Thomas's wife Virginia Thomas, that it ""could give rise to conflicts of interest for her husband...as it tests the norms for judicial spouses."" Toobin defended Mrs. Thomas' grassroots conservative work.

Anchor Don Lemon brought on the senior legal analyst just before the bottom of the 10 pm Eastern hour to discuss  Kathleen Hennessey's article in the Sunday L.A. Times, titled ""Justice's wife launches 'tea party' group."" The Times writer indicated that Mrs. Thomas' new organization somehow risked the partiality of the Court, as indicated in the article’s subtitle, ""The nonprofit run by Virginia Thomas, wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, is likely to test notions of political impartiality for the court."" She continued later that ""the move by Virginia Thomas, 52, into the front lines of politics stands in marked contrast to the rarefied culture of the nation's highest court, which normally prizes the appearance of nonpartisanship and a distance from the fisticuffs of the politics of the day.""
Story Continues Below Ad ↓

Hennessey also cited ""expert on legal ethics"" Stephen Gillers of NYU, who advised Justice Thomas to ""be on alert for possible conflicts, particularly those involving donors to his wife's nonprofit. 'There is opportunity for mischief if a company with a case before the court, or which it wants the court to accept, makes a substantial contribution to Liberty Central in the interim.'""

Toobin, who over two years earlier accused Justice Thomas of displaying ""a distinct solicitude ... for employers over employees, for government over individuals, for corporations over regulators, and for executioners over the condemned"" in his term on the Supreme Court, actually brushed aside such concerns, citing Mrs. Thomas' long involvement in politics. He only raised the issue of ""whether it's good judgment, and whether it's a appropriate thing to do.""

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/matthew-balan/2010/03/15/jeff-toobin-disagrees-l-times-mrs-clarence-thomas-activism#ixzz0iPSUuEu3
"
" In 1959, a strapping young Trinidadian named Mike Quashie emigrated to New York and helped ignite the limbo dance craze. He became a darling of the city’s society set, a fixture of the downtown fashion scene and a sort of left-field rock icon.

In the 1960s, Mr. Quashie’s troupe included a dancer named Jean Lee, fresh to New York from her hometown of Atlantic City. Mr. Quashie took her under his wing for a few years until they went their separate ways and lost touch.

Last year, Mr. Quashie left his longtime apartment in Greenwich Village for an assisted-living residence in the Bronx. He had no family around him, no money, few visitors. While other residents displayed chipper family photographs, Mr. Quashie put up a faded snapshot from his Apollo days. His old carnival masks hung next to his walker.

But suddenly, there in the home full of strangers, he saw a face from the old days, someone who knew this man before his magnificent body had gone soft and slow, before his back and his knees became shot from the strain of the limbo.

It was Ms. Lee. Her dancing days long behind her, she was now a psychiatric nurse at this very home.

“When she came in the room to say hello, I just completely flipped out,” Mr. Quashie, 79, said the other day. “I said, ‘I don’t believe that I’m in a home and here’s Jean.’ ”

Ms. Lee, 72, said that Mr. Quashie’s name jumped out at her when she heard a list of new admissions. “I said, ‘Wait a minute — is he from Trinidad?’ ” she recalled. “I said: Send him to me. That’s someone I know very well, and that I’d take care of him.”

Susan Quist, a friend of Mr. Quashie who handles many of his affairs, said Mr. Quashie’s social workers selected the Bronx home, a residence near Fordham Road operated by Jewish Home Lifecare, from a list that she requested for him. “It’s a minor miracle” that his paths crossed with Ms. Lee, she said. “Jean sings his praises around that place, and shares his stories. He’s the big man on campus there now.” "
"Three years ago, Steve Skvara won the admiration of many in the mainstream media by basically calling for taxpayers to foot his wife’s health insurance. Now he's ba-a-ack!  No longer hailed by Chris Matthews or People's Weekly World, he still manages favorable, unquestioning coverage.  Today's nwi.com Web site, which bills itself as ""the largest and most trusted media company in northern Indiana,"" carries the article ""Health care spark gets a checkup.""  Written by editorial page editor Doug Ross, the piece starts:

    In December, Steve Skvara of Union Township was hospitalized at Northwestern Memorial Hospital for 28 hours in hopes of a clean bill of health. He emerged with a bill for $96,000.

    It was pleasant, he said, to have a waiter in a tux deliver his meal, but was that really necessary?

    His experience is relevant because it was Skvara who lighted the fuse on the health care debate in which the nation is now embroiled.

    It was on Aug. 7, 2007, that Skvara asked the seven Democratic presidential candidates what they would do to get health care to ""the woman I love."" Skvara explained that he lost much of his pension when LTV collapsed, and he was forced to sit across from his wife at the kitchen table, knowing he couldn't afford her health care.


Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/mike-bates/2010/03/12/activist-who-lighted-fuse-health-care-debate-still-getting-media-pass#ixzz0iPN9BfJt
"
"At the “Bigg Digg Shindigg” event at the South by Southwest Interactive Conference (SXSWi), Digg CEO Jay Adelson revealed that the popular social bookmarking site is getting a major overhaul, teasing the audience about new features such as personalized feeds and the return of the Digg (Digg) leaderboard.

The new version of the website is not yet available. However, if you visit New.Digg.com, you can sign up for the alpha and see a preview of what the new Digg will look like in the background. Mr. Adelson told the crowd that the site was “five years in the making.”

While the company didn’t reveal much about the new website, it seems that there will be a cleaner interface, more personalization options, the ability to submit news items with one click, and brings back the leaderboard for top users.

Digg’s famous website buttons are also getting revamped. In fact, if you Digg an article on Mashable (Mashable), you will see the new buttons in action, as we are currently helping test them.

We’re going to try to put up a video of the announcement, along with more details on the new version of Digg as soon as we can. In the meantime, I’ve put up screenshots from New.Digg.com and enhanced the brightness to make viewing the new interface easier.

Update: Digg’s Steve French left some more interesting information in the Digg comment thread for this post. Here it is in its entirety:

    “Top to bottom, the entire company has been in overdrive for this project. There are amazing things coming, and I’m glad the screen shots and presentation didn’t spill everything we have in the works for you guys.

    My favorite new feature… it’s *blazing* fast. There has been a lot of effort that’s gone into the architecture and monitoring of performance.”"
"A week ago, the Houston Cougars were in a bad way. Aubrey Coleman, the team's star forward and the leading scorer in all of Division I, scored 38 points. Unfortunately it was too little too late, as the Cougars erased a 17 point deficit but still lost, 79-76. Add to that the fact that the loss came against Tulane, a team that had lost 14 of their last 16 games.
The loss was Houston's fourth in their last six games, and certainly their most demoralizing. It quickly turned them from a team with a chance to a team just hoping to not embarrass themselves in the Conference USA Tournament.
They got an easy win to open the tournament, making sure to show up in a blowout win over lowly East Carolina. That only earned them a date with regular season runner-up Memphis. Sure, Memphis was their last truly impressive win (92-75), but that was more than two weeks prior.
Somehow, the Cougars held on to beat Memphis by one, 66-65, then Southern Mississippi. It led them to a shot at the conference title and an automatic tournament bid, but it also meant facing the C-USA regular season champion, the University of Texas-El Paso (UTEP).
With five minutes left in the game, Coleman - he of the 26 points per game to lead the country, was having a truly awful day, shooting 2-of-17 from the field. Fortunately for him his teammate Kelvin Lewis - the only other Cougar to average more than eight points per game in the regular season - caught fire. 
At that same point in time, Lewis has 25 points on 10-of-13 shooting, including five three-pointers, and the Cougars were down 67-64 after a pair of UTEP free throws. Later, Lewis earned his last points of the game with one last long-range shot, and after a timeout, Houston made another three to give themselves a 74-70 lead.
UTEP only made one basket in the last two minutes, and now Houston is the C-USA champion for the first time in 18 years. Some might view them as a ""one-and-done"" type team, but with the nation's leading scorer, and now a second player in Lewis that defenses must respect, the Cougars just might make some noise when the Madness continues next week.
"
"Twitter founder Evan Williams was widely expected to announce an advertising platform at the SXSW conference, but while he announced something with dozens of major media partners, it wasn’t an ad platform — it was something called @anywhere. And what is @anywhere? Good question. In fact, that’s just one of the many good questions that attendees hoped in vain would be asked by Umair Haque of Harvard Business Review, whose interviewing skills received less-than-critical acclaim  during and after the keynote.

The official Twitter blog entry about the launch of @anywhere isn’t much help when it comes to answering the question of what the new service is — or at least it’s not as much help as you might expect it to be, what with this being one of the most hotly awaited SXSW keynotes in recent memory. The blog post describes the service as recreating the kind of “open, engaging interactions” between users that Twitter provides, but integrating that into any web site through Javascript, and thus “providing a new layer of value for visitors without sending them to Twitter.com.”

And that’s pretty much it. No descriptions of what this might involve, no screenshots of what it might look like (although the Los Angeles Times seems to have whipped up its own), just some logos of partners like eBay and Yahoo and Digg. The way Twitter has described it, @anywhere will allow readers of articles at the New York Times and other sites to click and follow writers directly from their bylines, and — judging by what Evan Williams told Anil Dash on Twitter — will also let them click and see information about popular Twitter users who are mentioned on a participating site, by way of a popup window triggered by mousing over a link, similar to the hover popups at Twitter.com. Embedded below is a video clip that Kirsten Cluthe of MediaBistro shot of the Twitter founder describing how sites will use @anywhere."
"It's incredible what you can learn from television these days.  On Saturday, Brent Frazier of Nashville's CBS affiliate reported on a local Coffee Party.  He made no mention of the attendance, but at about 2:06 of the video says:

    The Coffee Party, though very much still in the organizing phase, is loosely based on smaller government and lower taxes.

I have to wonder how the newshound came to that conclusion.  Was it because the group's founder, as noted by NewsBuster Matthew Balan, worked as a volunteer for Barack Obama's presidential campaign?  Or maybe it was the Reuters acknowledgment that ""America’s conservative Tea Party movement may be on the boil, but the left is brewing up its own version in The Coffee Party USA.""  Or perhaps it was the Coffee Party participant Frazier interviewed who volunteered for Obama but is now disillusioned because ""they (Democrats) speak an agenda, but as soon as it's challenged they back down.""  Obama's just not pushing left hard enough.

With reporting skills like that, one thing is clear.  Brent has a very bright future in the mainstream media.  

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/mike-bates/2010/03/14/tv-reporter-coffee-party-loosely-based-smaller-government-and-lower-taxe#ixzz0iPMZosMs
"
"The only place where you can see the entire foot ball related stuffs and many more things. Normally we see livescore of all the football matches in various new channels but here is a site completely dedicated to the football and football only. Starting from foot ball matches going to come and the matches played in the past, records and the statistics. The most interesting thing is the live streaming options which makes unique from other sites. 
Tickets to all foot ball games are easily available at the various stages and at all the timings here in this site and more over football fixtures are clearly displayed in the nice manner so that the user choice is made easy. The top playing teams in top tournaments are classified into many different categories. The layout of this site is done in a way that it is clearly visible and makes much more attractiveness to the end users. 
The interesting stuff added in this site is the bookmakers containing live stream videos and it’s been highlighted very well here. This is a fun treat and most enjoyable thing for all the foot ball lovers. Many more upcoming events are added here and updates are done really fast so that no one cannot miss any events happening around in the FIFA world. I really enjoyed this site and thought of sharing with you folks have a great time."
"Well. Here's an album that should require no introduction for those of you who grew up, or reached prime headbanging age, during the grunge '90s.

Houdini was The Melvins' first album for major label, Atlantic, and came out at a time when many ""alternative"" rock bands were riding the crest of the post-Nirvana wave. In fact, long-time friend of The Melvins and scene prince, Kurt Cobain shares a producer credit on the album and even lends instrumentation on two of its tracks.

Amazing how these things work out, considering The Melvins were one of the originators of the heavy metal-punk hybrid that came to be known as ""the Seattle Sound"". First to wail, and among the last to get a big record deal.

I listened to this album on Grooveshark the other night for what had to be the first time in over 10-12 years. Just as awesome as I remembered it, and I was surprised to find that I remembered most of the songs (I never owned a copy and was usually pulling this one out of my friends' collections). This 14 song version seems to be pulled from a Japanese CD release which includes the MC5 cover, ""Rocket Reducer No. 62"" .

Rather than wade through a track-by-track highlight reel, let me just assure you that this album rocks heavily and should have you banging your head in no time. You may run out of steam by the time you get to the latter part of the record, with its more difficult, noisy percussion tracks. Still, the surprising catchiness and monster riffs of Houdini's earlier tunes, along with the faithfully executed MC5 closer, may leave you wondering if it's actually legal for one band to kick so much ass.
"
"Glenn Beck says Christians should leave churches that use the word ""social justice."" He says social justice is a code word for communism and Nazism.

But since the Catholic Church, the Black Churches, the Mainline Protestant churches, more and more Evangelical and Pentecostal churches including Hispanic and Asian-American congregations all consider social justice central to biblical faith, Glenn Beck is telling all those Christians to leave their churches. Of course, Christians may disagree about what social justice means in our current political context -- and that conversation is an important one -- but the Bible is clear: from the Mosaic law of Jubilee, to the Hebrew prophets, to Jesus Christ, social justice is an integral part of God's plan for humanity.

Beck says Christians should leave their social justice churches, so I say Christians should leave Glenn Beck. I don't know if Beck is just strange, just trying to be controversial, or just trying to make money. But in any case, what he has said attacks the very heart of our Christian faith, and Christians should no longer watch his show. His show should now be in the same category as Howard Stern. Stern practices pornography and Beck denies the central teachings of Jesus and the Bible. So Christians should stop watching the Glenn Beck show and pray for him and Howard Stern.

Beck also said that if his church was about ""social justice"" he would report his church to the church authorities. What authorities? Church bodies as diverse in their theology as the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the National Association of Evangelicals have explicitly endorsed social justice as a biblical imperative.

So here's an idea: how about reporting ourselves to Glenn Beck as church members and pastors who practice and preach social justice.

Since Sojourners' mission is ""to articulate the biblical call to social justice,"" I'll be the first to turn myself in. And I invite you to join me in turning yourself in to Glenn Beck as a Christian who believes in social justice. Let's send him thousands of names."
"Microsoft has said that it will require applications developers for its upcoming Windows Phone OS to sell their apps exclusively through the company’s official storefront, reversing a long-held strategy of allowing a host of third-party retailers to sell Windows Mobile offerings. It’s a move that’s sure to destroy some of the developer goodwill Microsoft has worked so hard to build up in recent weeks.

WinMo users have long been able to download apps from distributors such as GetJar, PocketGear.com and Handango in addition to Microsoft’s Windows Marketplace for Mobile. But the new policy will force developers to comply with Microsoft’s content and technical regulations to bring their Windows Phone wares to market. (Microsoft said business customers will be allowed to distribute apps outside Windows Phone Marketplace.) Astoundingly, the news came just hours after Microsoft showcased its Silverlight technology and released developer tools for Windows Phone to make the OS more attractive and sway developers into its camp.

Microsoft is following the lead of Apple, of course, which has consistently angered developers by refusing to allow third-party distribution of iPhone apps and by employing inconsistent approval policies for its App Store. Apple can continue to employ such a strategy thanks to the overwhelming popularity of the iPhone, but Microsoft obviously doesn’t have that luxury. Supporting third-party retailers would surely hurt Microsoft’s overall revenue, but the overwhelming majority of users will take the path of least resistance and shop at the source rather than seek out smaller vendors. So the company would do well to immediately issue some clear-cut approval policies for its upcoming app store — or, better yet, to rethink the strategy entirely."
"Instead of joining us on the right side of history, all the Republicans can come up with is, “slow down, stop everything, let’s start over.” If you think you’ve heard these same excuses before, you’re right. When this country belatedly recognized the wrongs of slavery, there were those who dug in their heels and said “slow down, it’s too early, things aren’t bad enough.”

Most responses to Reid have furiously concentrated on his spurious slavery analogy, but I’d like to call attention to his expression of what has become a staple of liberal thought that is even more disturbing: the accusation that those who reject liberal nostrums are “on the wrong side of history.”

For some reason, the Democratic caucus these days seems to be filled with deep thinkers who have cracked the code of the meaning and direction of history. Just a couple of weeks ago the sage of Ohio, Senator Sherrod Brown, told the New York Times that “I don’t think in the end, anybody here in our caucus wants to be on the wrong side of history.”

This uncanny ability to get in step with history is, of course, not limited to Democrats who are elected. For example, a recent Nicholas Kristof column, “The Wrong Side of History,” charged that if moderate Democrats “flinch” and health care reform fails, “they’ll be on the wrong side of history.”

In fact, it’s not limited to Democrats at all, as evidenced by John McCain’s comment on Face the Nation last June “that the United States needs to be on the ‘right side of history’ in responding to the disputed Iranian elections and ensuing protests.”

Thus history, it must be noted, does not have a narrow, one-track mind. Its commands, clearly visible to those standing on its right, i.e., left, side, are not limited to the enactment of ObamaCare; they extend over the full range of the liberal agenda.

For example, University of Chicago law professor Geoffrey Stone transmits the message from history’s lips to Huffington Post’s ears that all those who fail to accept “the moral analogy between discrimination against blacks and discrimination against gays … have simply blinded themselves to reason” and, you guessed it, “are on the wrong side of history.” (I have recently discussed this “moral analogy” and some questions it raises here.)"
At last week’s PDC, the new name for our repository and modeling project was announced – we are the SQL Server Modeling Services!James Baker and Shoshanna Budzianowski did an awesome job of describing the Modeling Services database and how to get value from the domain models which are delivered in the latest CTP. Check out the video of their session here. This shows the value of a queriable database of UML and Assembly metadata in realistic developer scenarios. The use of regular SQL Server Reporting Services reports and Excel to analyze and drill in to information is a direct result of making the metadata schemas ordinary relational structures using clear language from the domains. I especially like the query that returns all uses of an interface across the System.Runtime and Microsoft.Uml2 domains including a UML diagram loaded into our database from IBM’s Rational Software Architect using an exported XMI file.Also worth looking at is Kim Cameron and Gert Drapers’ presentation of the System.Identity model wwhich is part of the Modeling Services CTP, and will play an increasingly important role across other domains in the future. You can see their presentation here.Get the latest Modeling Services CTP from here.
"We now know how Conan O’Brien plans to leverage the huge swell of support he found online in the wake of being forced out at NBC: a nationwide comedy tour.

The comedian announced on his Twitter account this morning the launch of TeamCoco.com, where fans can buy tickets to one of 30 shows, kicking off in Eugene, Oregon, on April 12. The tour, fittingly enough, is called “The Legally Prohibited From Being Funny on Television Tour,” a reference to the deal he made with NBC that keeps O’Brien off the air until the fall.

A comedy tour has been rumored since shortly after Conan stepped down, and we suspected something might be in the works when he finally joined Twitter (Twitter) (and immediately found a huge fan base, and changed one random girl’s life along the way). Now, Conan officially has an outlet to keep the momentum going while he determines his next move on TV."
"Suvendu Roy, of Titan Industries shares his inspirational encounter with a rickshaw driver in Mumbai: 

Last Sunday, my wife, kid, and I had to travel to Andheri from Bandra.
When I waved at a passing auto rickshaw, little did I expect that this ride would be any different... 

As we set off, my eyes fell on a few magazines (kept in an aircraft style pouch) behind the driver's back rest. 

I looked in front and there was a small TV. The driver had put on the Doordarshan channel. 

My wife and I looked at each other with disbelief and amusement. In front of me was a small first-aid box with cotton, dettol and some medicines.

This was enough for me to realise that I was in a special vehicle. 

Then I looked round again, and discovered more - there was a radio, fire extinguisher, wall clock, calendar, and pictures and symbols of all faiths
- from Islam and Christianity to Buddhism, Hinduism and Sikhism. 

There were also pictures of the heroes of 26/11- Kamte, Salaskar, Karkare and Unnikrishnan. 

I realised that not only my vehicle, but also my driver was special.

I started chatting with him and the initial sense of ridicule and disbelief gradually diminished. 

I gathered that he had been driving an auto rickshaw for the past 8-9 years; he had lost his job when hisemployer's plastic company was shut down. 

He had two school-going children, and he drove from 8 in the morning till 10 at night. 

No break unless he was unwell. ""Sahab, ghar mein baith ke T.V dekh kar kya faida? Do paisa income karega toh future mein kaam aayega.""

We realised that we had come across a man who represents Mumbai - the spirit of work, the spirit of travel and the spirit of excelling in life.
I asked him whether he does anything else as I figured that he did not have too much spare time. "
"Microsoft is betting that Silverlight — a web application framework and rival technology to Adobe’s Flash — can help it woo mobile developers to its upcoming Windows Phone operating system. So far, at least, the strategy appears to be working.

The gang from Redmond used its MIX10 event in Las Vegas this morning to release some free developer tools as well as to demonstrate some of the first third-party applications written for Windows Phone, which seeks to embrace mobile entertainment in ways Windows Mobile simply couldn’t. Corporate VP Joe Belfiore showed off a slick mobile version of the 3D Xbox title The Harvest to demonstrate Silverlight’s capabilities, as well as a news app from AP and a multimedia journal that leverage the technology.

Microsoft also trotted out some impressive third-party partners. Developers who’ve signed on to build atop Windows Phone include EA Mobile, Foursquare, Pandora and Sling Media. Microsoft still faces a challenge in growing that list, though, thanks largely to the fact that Windows Phone will be incompatible with Windows Mobile and won’t debut until late this year. But if the company can continue to secure third-party developers and offer an impressive app catalog as the first devices come to market, Microsoft may find itself back in the game with the Apples and Googles of the smartphone world."
"History is full of examples of conquests that seemed easy and tempting, but later turned out to be gigantic blunders. One of them was Napoleon’s decision to invade Spain in 1808 and put his elder brother Joseph on the throne. That was the first great miscalculation of his career.

I strongly suspect that Obama’s decision to “reform” American health care by thoroughly politicizing it will become his Spain — a short-run victory that will in the long run prove disastrous for him.

Napoleon and Spain

In 1808, Napoleon was the master of continental Europe. To his south, Spain was officially an ally, but it was a nation long past its age of military power. The Spanish army was no match for the French and Napoleon was certain he could easily crush it, capture Madrid, and send the corrupt King Charles IV packing. Under the conventions of warfare at that time, once you had beaten the enemy army and taken the capital city, fighting ceased and the victor could enjoy the spoils of war. Napoleon, the great conqueror, couldn’t resist this piece of low-hanging fruit.

Things did not go according to Napoleon’s plans. Defeating the Spanish army was easy enough, as was the business of putting Joseph on the throne. But afterward, the country erupted in partisan warfare that gave us the word “guerilla.” French garrisons and supply trains were attacked. Spain was drenched in blood and the drain on French resources and manpower was debilitating. For Napoleon, conquering Spain was a self-inflicted wound that turned gangrenous."
"The LA Times report on ethical concerns raised by Virginia Thomas, wife of Supreme Court Judge Clarence Thomas, who is an active tea partyer and conservative campaigner. But it will make no difference to anything. And here's why.

In January, report the Times, Virginia, who goes by Ginni, started a non-profit lobbying group called Liberty Central that will ""organize activism around a set of conservative ""core principles""."" She's been on panels at CPAC and worked for the Heritage Foundation, where Dick Cheney is sometimes a speaker. On the surface it's worrying — it's unfeasible to assume that the couple do not discuss politics, and are not somewhat influenced by each others views. But:

    * Clarence Thomas is not his wife: what if he's a centrist and merely tolerates his wife's leanings? What if they're James Carville and Mary Matalin? And if that's not the case...
    * People are less stupid than blogs (like this one) make out: assuming he is right-wing, and fully supports his wife's views, and keeps a laminated picture of Leo Strauss in his wallet, Thomas is doubtless an intelligent man with a comprehensive grasp of the law. It is somewhat ludicrous to argue that, if he wanted to, he could not utterly separate his views from his work. He was born dirt poor, experienced appalling racism and still occasionally votes against (perceived) black interests. If he can make that separation, why assume he can't make this one? But if even that is too much of a stretch...
    * Every judge holds political views: there's a myth that judges are apolitical. Which is ridiculous. However much Justice Scalia says he's merely a constitutional literalist, he's clearly not a secret ACLU member in his spare time. A child of eight could map each justice on a left/right spectrum with very little difficulty. Is it a surprise that the Thomas household leans right? Not if you look at his decisions. So his wife's activism will make little difference even if it makes all the difference it possible could.
"
"If 2010 proves to be a “wave” election for the GOP, conservatives can expect more than a few half-as-much Republicans to sweep into Congress.  What’s a half-as-much Republican? One who’s willing to do half as much as liberals on big government initiatives. Guys like John McCain and his sidekick, Lindsey Graham, for instance.  Or Maine’s Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe. Or departing Senator George Voinovich.

But there’s an effective way to put half-as-much Republicans on notice: defeat a couple of them in upcoming primaries, especially in high-profile Senate contests.

Sending a couple of half-as-muchers to summertime defeats would create quite a stir and cause other such critters, like Mark Kirk (IL) and Mike Castle (DE), to pause. Kirk and Castle are the likely GOP Senate nominees in their states. It would also be a shot across the bow of the GOP Senate leadership, which otherwise might generously want to accommodate its half-as-much brethren in the 112th Congress.

The aforementioned John McCain and Florida Governor Charlie Crist are both ripe for the picking. Both face stiff primary challenges. Senator McCain is squaring off against former U.S. Representative JD Hayworth. Crist is already battling for his political life against former Florida House Speaker Marco Rubio.

No conservative worth his salt is unaware of the notorious “independence” of John McCain, Arizona’s senior senator. Having long ago wiggled from his conservative cocoon, the senator prides himself on his eclectic policy choices. He is gainst government-run health care but for cap and trade (and then against it as the 2008 election progressed). He’s a true blue warrior in the war on terror but squishy in the war to secure the nation’s southern border."
"Do you believe that extending unemployment compensation benefits encourages some people to remain out of work longer than necessary? Don't let CNN anchor Ali Velshi find out.  He'll characterize you as unsavory.

On a segment of CNN Newsroom today, Velshi spoke with an economics professor who's examined multiple studies reporting that many people find work shortly before their unemployment checks lapse:

    VELSHI: Hey, complicated, complicated question that is at the root of our recovery as a nation; it is about jobs. The average person on unemployment is on it for about six months. You can get up to 99 weeks of unemployment benefits, with the certain extensions that we have passed these days. But the average person is on for about six months.

    The question here is are long-term jobless benefits actually leading people to stay unemployed longer? I have somebody here who has actually crunched a few numbers for us. Robert Shimer is a professor of economics at the University of Chicago, and inadvertently has gotten himself piled in with a bunch of unsavories who say -- who like to make the argument that people are choosing not to get jobs. And Robert, you have heard it said. This is the US Chamber -- not the US Chamber of Commerce. I'm sorry, the Club for Growth has said it on this show that it is causing people -- that it's a disincentive for people to go back to work because of unemployment benefits, which I think is a little bit insulting to the millions of people on unemployment. Your argument is it a little bit more nuanced than that.


Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/mike-bates/2010/03/12/cnns-velshi-lumps-club-growth-bunch-unsavories#ixzz0iPNL7z9E
"
" After getting over the initial disappointment of finding ourselves in what I thought were going to be floor seats but ended up not being floor seats – the show was amazing. Even not having floor seats, our seats were better than the last time I saw John a couple years ago. In fact the whole show was even better than the last time (even though this time did include a gross amount of PDA by a couple who probably would have been better off staying at home this time did not however, include being hit by the man sitting behind us because we were standing and he thought we should be sitting – long story. You can read a bit about it here).

Michael Franti and Spearhead opened – who I was thoroughly confused by (they played a wide range of music styles and whenever someone in the band didn’t have a part in the song they left the stage). They did  do a really good job of pumping us up – which I suppose is the main task of the opener is.  They are entertainers for sure. Also, the lead singer (Michael Franti) popped up like three rows in front of where we were sitting to do one of his songs. That was pretty sweet.I love John Mayer – I don’t care what people say about him and I don’t even really care what he says. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again - Continuum is one of my favourite albums ever. He is a fantastic musician and a really gifted performer. I’ve been to two shows of his and I’ve had an amazing time at both. I was ready to hitchhike to Toronto to see him again on Sunday night.  I don’t really know what to say – there is just something about seeing one of your favourite artists live. Magic.

Like last time I didn’t take a picture of myself so you’ll just have to believe that these pictures are mine and that I was actually there. Lol.

xooxo Jer"
Less than 0.2 percent of people who use Twitter wind up going to news and media sites from the social-networking site, according to a recent analysis by traffic-measurement firm Hitwise (although Hitwise just looked at traffic coming from the web site, not any third-party apps or services). So what are the top places that users go from Twitter? About 60 percent go to other social networks and entertainment sites, says Hitwise, primarily photo and video-sharing sites — in other words, places like Twitpic, Tweetphoto, YouTube, Vimeo, CollegeHumor and so on. This isn’t all that surprising, since many of the most popular links that get passed around are photos and videos that have “gone viral,” as marketing people love to say.
"Before casting “yea” votes in favor of a government health care grab later this week, wavering House Democrats may want to struggle out of the left’s ideological fog for a moment and consider the sad, but instructive, tales of the U.S. Postal Service and the city of Detroit.  Both are poster boys (excuse me, poster persons) for how government can get almost anything gloriously wrong.

That the U.S. Postal Service is swimming in red ink isn’t news. The nation’s postal service, despite its first-class mail monopoly, swims in red ink a lot. The important news to Americans as they follow Washington’s three-ring health care circus is that U.S. Postmaster General Joe E. Potter wants to drop Saturday mail delivery as a cost-cutting measure.

To repeat, the postmaster general wants to reduce service in an effort to staunch red ink. That’s service as in mail delivery, the U.S. Postal Service’s bread and butter. Imagine a hamburger joint announcing to its customers that it plans to stop selling hamburgers a day or two a week to cut costs. Of course, a hamburger joint wouldn’t limit the sale of hamburgers to keep its costs down. The guy who owns the hamburger joint would get creative in his marketing and pricing to sell more hamburgers. He might trim costs operationally but not at the expense of selling as many hamburgers as he and his help could flip. Why the difference? The hamburger joint can go out of business. The U.S. Postal Service, being immune to risk, cannot.

Just like the nation’s postal service, if enacted, government-run health care will eventually have to limit access to services in an attempt — however vain — to contain costs. No? Propaganda? Actually, there’s precedent other than the postal service, and one doesn’t have to look all the way to Great Britain or even Canada to find it."
"Every great American boom and bust makes and breaks its share of crooks. The past decade -- call it the Ponzi Era -- has been no different, except for the gargantuan scale of white-collar crime. A vast wave of financial fraud swelled in the first years of the new century.  Then, in 2008, with the subprime mortgage collapse, it crashed on the shore as a full-scale global economic meltdown.  As that wave receded, it left hundreds of Ponzi and pyramid schemes, as well as other get-rich-quick rackets that helped fuel our recent economic frenzy, flopping on the beach.

The high-water marks from that crime wave, those places where the corruption reached its zenith, are still visible today, like the 17th floor of 885 Third Avenue in midtown Manhattan, the nerve center of investment firm Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities -- and, as it turned out, a $65 billion Ponzi scheme, the largest in history. Or Stanfordville, a sprawling compound on the Caribbean island of Antigua named for its wealthy owner, a garrulous Texan named Allen Stanford who built it with funds from his own $8 billion Ponzi scheme. Or the bizarrely fortified law office -- security cards, surveillance cameras, hidden microphones, a private elevator -- of Florida attorney Scott Rothstein, who duped friends and investors out of $1.2 billion.

The more typical marks of the Ponzi Era, though, aren’t as easy to see. Williamston, Michigan, for instance, lacks towering skyscrapers, Italian sports cars, million-dollar mansions, and massive security systems. A quiet town 15 miles from Lansing, the state capital, Williamston is little more than a cross-hatching of a dozen or so streets. A “DOLLAR TIME$” store sits near Williamston’s main intersection -- locals affectionally call it the ""four corners"" -- and its main drag is lined with worn brick buildings passed on from one business to the next like fading, hand-me-down jeans. It’s here, far from New York or Antigua, that thanks to two brothers seized by a financial fever dream, the Ponzi Era made its truest, deepest American mark.

Jay and Eric Merkle, active church members and successful local businessmen, were well known among Williamston’s residents. In 2004, the brothers discovered that an oil-and-gas venture, which they had invested in and which promised them quick, lucrative returns, was a scam. They’d been duped. Their next move should have been simple: turn in the crooks and get on with their lives, their pockets a few dollars lighter. Jay and Eric, however, grasped the spirit of their age and made another decision entirely -- they teamed up with the guys who had ripped them off, in the process switching from prey to predator.

That first venture actually floundered, but in 2005, court records show, they started their own Ponzi scheme, Platinum Business Industries (PBI).  Based in Williamston, PBI claimed it was socking its investors’ money into lucrative oil and gas exploration opportunities in Oklahoma and Texas, and it promised the investors absurdly high returns -- 6% a month, or 72% a year. Despite such promises, the brothers assured town locals handing over their hard-earned dollars that little risk was involved.  Even if the energy exploration didn’t pay off, the land acquired by PBI was valuable and could be sold to offset any losses.

Like Madoff in Palm Beach, the Merkles in Williamston exploited local ties -- church and family -- to reel in new investors; and like Madoff's investment fund, PBI, too, was a complete sham, and a classic Ponzi scheme -- that is, an investment scam in which existing investors’ returns are paid for with money from new investors.  In the case of PBI, there was no energy exploration in Oklahoma and Texas.

Some of the money they received from later investors the Merkles used to pay off earlier ones and give their scheme the look of success. But in their case, there was a rub. The Merkles were distinctly creatures of the Ponzi Era: they evidently couldn’t help themselves.  Even as they ran their own Ponzi racket, documents show, they were getting fleeced.  What they weren't paying out in fake returns the Merkles bet on high-yield, get-rich-quick schemes in the U.S. and abroad that had nothing to do with oil and gas -- and other Ponzi schemers and con artists were robbing them blind.

Their financial crime spree collapsed in 2008. Dead-broke, with investigators closing in, they told investors that various foreign governments and banks had frozen their assets.  The brothers then asked them to wire more than a million dollars to Nigeria, Ghana, and other countries as “fees” to release their money, even as they warned them against cooperating with an FBI investigation. Then, on a brisk autumn day in October 2008, the feds arrested to the two brothers; the game was up. In all, via PBI and other scams, they had duped more than 600 investors out of $50 million, robbing some of their life savings.

When compared to Madoff’s or Stanford’s heists, that sum was little more than pocket change. But the Merkle brothers caught the true, democratic spirit of a decade of an unrestrained magical thinking that infected rich and poor, successful and ne’er-do-well, the financially savvy and neophytes who couldn’t tell a stock from a bond. Think of their story as a parable for the Ponzi Era: they were taken, decided to become takers, took others, then got taken again.  In the rush for the pot of gold at rainbow’s end, they bet everything Main Street had to offer, believing they could get away with it.

Thanks to an open credit spigot, a booming housing market, and visions of unimaginable wealth on Wall Street, practically everyone in the United States in the past decade seemed to aspire to get rich -- and quick. Perfectly ordinary people refinanced their homes, refinanced again, and used the money they got to stake themselves at the crooked casino table of American life. Some rolled the dice in stocks, bonds, and second homes. For millions more, the gamble took the form of “investment opportunities” that promised wealth in a hurry, opportunities now exposed as little more than financial con jobs. “People were shooting for that home run,” says Peter Henning, a law professor at Wayne State University and white-collar crime expert. “They were saying, ‘I’m just as smart as Warren Buffet.’”

Today, with easy credit and the buy-now-pay-tomorrow culture that it spawned in the dustbin of history, the Ponzis and pyramid schemes of the past decade can be seen for what they really were. Not a week seems to go by without the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or the FBI or law enforcement officials busting another get-rich hustle. Yet the full scope of the criminality of the Ponzi Era remains elusive; no one yet knows just how widespread those Ponzi schemes were -- and how many may remain, hidden or in plain sight.

Beyond the headliners like Madoff and Stanford, Americans may not actually be aware of just how many schemes of this sort were abroad in our land -- but it probably doesn’t matter much either.  Disillusionment with the past decade is such that many Americans now simply assume that our world is little but a giant Ponzi scheme.

Ponzis, Ponzis, Everywhere

The wave of financial crime may have peaked in 2005 or 2006, but the detritus of such collapsed schemes has left regulators and investigators ever busier. Almost four times as many Ponzi schemes broke down in 2009 -- 150 -- as in 2008 -- 40. According to the Associated Press, the FBI began more than 2,100 securities fraud cases last year, an increase from 1,750 the year before.  The SEC likewise dealt out 82% more restraining orders against Ponzi schemes and similar frauds in 2009 than the previous year."
"Many on the left are in denial. The  USS Obama, certified as unsinkable a year ago, is taking on water in its bilges. It is starting to list portside in the dark, cold political seas — on its maiden voyage, no less.

The Obama is made of sturdy stuff, the left contends, designed by the smartest engineers. Its skeleton and hull, shaped by unbendable liberal principles. Its engines and turbines, powered by attractive government-growing, corporate-hating proposals. Its furnaces, stoked by legions of young and minority voters, hopelessly idealistic and hungry for change, and by the disaffected middle class, sick of the war on terror and disgusted by a widening income gap with the upper classes. Its watertight compartments — solid Democratic congressional majorities.

In seas thought to be smooth as glass, Captain Barack Obama and his navigators, Rahm Emanuel, David Axelrod, Nancy Pelosi, and Harry Reid, plotted a swift course to a safe, statist harbor. Government-run health care, cap and tax, card check, a pork-laden stimulus, and re-imposition of the Fairness Doctrine, among other government-aggrandizing measures, would be achieved by voyage’s end. But the first, momentous voyage wouldn’t be the ship’s last. Not by a long shot.

No, the Obama would venture out to sea again and again until the United States was transformed into a reasonable facsimile of a European welfare state — a state like Britain or France or Germany, with a dash of Venezuela for pizazz. Equality of opportunity, with its inevitable disparate results, would give way to a society of broad, redistributed wealth. The satisfaction of achievement would come not from material reward, but from the compulsory sharing of the reward."
"At the tail end of our GDC interview with Lionhead's Peter Molyneux, we remembered one more question we simply had to know: How well did Fable 2's episodic experiment go? We'll refresh your memory: Last August, Molyneux announced plans to release Fable 2 as a series of five downloadable ""episodes,"" with the first one given away and the subsequent four priced at $10 each.

Molyneux's response: ""That was hugely successful. There were something like over half a million. I think it was 600,000 downloads of the first episode, which was very, very cool."" Of course, the first episode was free so how was the conversion rate? ""It was a much higher than a normal conversion rate,"" Molyneux smiled. ""Massively, massively successful, and I really love this relationship, which is much more sliced into episodes with consumers.""

Of course, knowing where we were going with this particular line of questioning, Molyneux preemptively offered an answer.""But we're not announcing whether that's coming out in this release,"" he said, tossing a smile towards the attentive PR people behind me."
"""The inspiration behind this body of work came from a growing curiosity about recent corporate developments of private space in London that apparently encourage the public to access them. Typically these environments have beautiful landscaping around a canal or lake. An amphitheatre seems to be a further prerequisite as is CCTV which monitors everything including security guards who amble around these empty places. The hustle and bustle of neighboring streets feels a world away. 
 
In the summer of 2008 I went for a series of walks along arterial routes heading out of London. That summer I had read several of J.G. Ballard’s novels including Super Cannes, which is about disturbing behaviour amongst the inhabitants of a gated community isolated from the world. On one of these ambles I chanced upon a recently completed building development. I felt compelled to enter this beautifully landscaped glass and steel environment. It appeared as if no expense had been spared. What I encountered there helped to crystallize some vague ideas that became the photographs that are presented in this collection. The idyllic setting combined with the ever-present ’security’ got under my skin and left me wondering about a dystopian outcome for this kind of world. 
 
I remember sitting down by the artificial lake. The sun was beating down and people casually wandered about. I gazed up at the office blocks. I thought it must be an idyllic place to work. London felt far away. I imagined that you could lift these acres up and deposit them in any city in the world and they would feel at home. This was an anti-Dickensian space, more an abstract one. It was a statement of how the world of work could be. The management ethos, proclaimed on various signs, was ‘enjoy.work’. 
 
Enjoy.work. Arbeit macht frei. Freedom through work. I rose to the bait. Unease crept into my thoughts. 
 
I found myself searching for the cracks. A variety of methods had been used to try to block the sun reaching the interior spaces. It appeared as if, as each building had been erected, ever more elaborate ways had been devised to keep nature out. What was it really like to work in there? 
 
I noticed that an algae bloom threatened the lake’s plant and animal life. Peering into one building’s reception area, I saw how the appearance of leisure had been carefully arranged. Bicycles, guitars and deckchairs in neat rows. An abandoned chess game and open magazines on the coffee table. A half-finished painting-by-numbers canvas on an easel. No one about. Why had everyone had to leave so suddenly? Or, were they trying to hide something? Soon after, I was asked to leave for taking photographs without permission. 
 
After some months I built an architectural model inspired by this corporate campus, and began photographing. I wanted a dystopian world, centred on a dark lake, that seemed to have the opposite effect on those that gazed into it than that intended by the landscape architect. So, some of the ant-like figures turn up to work, use the facilities and leave. Others seem to be employed in extracurricular activities of a more malevolent nature. 
""
"
"President Obama has repeatedly said that failure to pass a health care reform bill is simply not an option.

But Democratic leaders are facing an uphill battle in convincing some of their own members to push the legislation forward -- and hoping history doesn't repeat itself.

There's a lot at stake for Obama's future, political observers say, including the ability to get other key pieces of his legislative agenda passed and signed into law: banking regulation, climate change, economic measures and immigration.

Republicans have marched nearly lockstep against Obama's policy proposals, especially on financial matters, and indicate that they will continue to do so.

The bill's failure could also spell trouble for Democrats facing tough election battles this year. Whether or not the bill is passed, Republicans have threatened to use it against Democratic opponents, noting its cost and effect on the deficit.

As for the costs, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that the Democrats' revised health care bill will cost $940 billion over the next 10 years, a House Democratic source said Thursday. The bill cuts the deficit by $130 billion during that period, according to the source.

The president has stepped up his efforts to sway worried Americans. He put his name on a health care reform proposal last month and then went on a campaign-like barnstorm across the country to warn Americans what will happen if reform isn't passed.

""We need health insurance reform right now,"" the president said at a rally outside Cleveland, Ohio, on Tuesday. ""This debate is about far more than politics. ... It comes down to what kind of country we want to be.""

Obama said the status quo on health care is ""simply unsustainable,"" adding that Americans ""cannot have a system that works better for the insurance companies than it does for the American people.""

Editorials in some of the nation's top newspapers have also railed against keeping the status quo."
"What it doesn't tell you: the moments this movie is living in is the summer of 2001, and September 11 figures prominently in the final scenes. The end is so controversial, a number of blogs—from New York Magazineto Gawker to even Perez Hilton—gave every detail of it away. This isn't a story for the faint of heart. A junior-high-school-aged girl at my screening left the room weeping. Adults had tears in their eyes. The movie is poised to be one of the biggest tear-jerkers to come out of Hollywood since Titanic.

The question: does Remember Me earn its tears, or exploit September 11 for a cheap cry? If you haven't read about the film online, you'll probably go to the movie (with a tween or two in tow) expecting a sweet romance. And that you'll get, for most of the film. There's the prerequisite cheesy first-date dialogue at an Indian restaurant, and the scene where de Ravin gets so drunk at a college frat party, Pattinson holds her head back while she throws up. None of this prepares you for what ultimately happens, though a violent act in the first scene serves as eerie foreshadowing. When the Twin Towers are hit—we never see an airplane crash, just the debris—it's a complete shock that will leave you sad and stunned for days.

But if you think about it, wasn't that the way we all felt after September 11? The attack was completely unexpected, just like the conclusion of this movie. Other films about September 11 (World Trade Center, United 93) have presented their grim subject matter from the very start, in every TV ad and theatrical trailer. Remember Me is targeted to a different demographic: teenage girls, many of whom were very young in 2001. For them, September 11 is probably a distant memory or maybe even just a lesson in a history book, especially for kids who didn't live in New York or Washington. Given that measure, this movie accurately depicts the horror, danger, grief, rage, meaninglessness, and brutality of that day. It actually honors history, albeit in a strange and unsettling way."
" I started explaining how atleast I was taking full advantage of my time to have adequate fun as compared to others who were just sitting and complaining.  I was all ready to propose my concept of relativity again. But she had been listening to my rant like she usually does and then talked about one of her experiences. She told about her conversation with a person with no legs and how difficult it must be. But, the guy replied atleast I don't suck like the ones who have no legs and feet. Imagine how much it would suck to be them. Suffice it to say my friend was aghast at that attitude. She very simply asked me if maybe I was doing the same thing. If maybe I was the guy with no legs who still thought atleast he was better than a  person with no limbs at all. I replied by saying that I was comparing myself with others not to feel better because of their misery but because I wanted to not be like them. For me it was about motivation rather than wallowing in shared misery. It was one of those moments when you yourself realize you have said something really smart. She thought so too I guess because she actually wrote my rohanism down ;). But this is what your smart friends do to you. They extract these insightful thoughts out of you, but still leave you with doubts. But this is what I relish. This is what I feel is the best part about having them around. Life would be so much simpler if you were surrounded by people as dumb as as yourself. But smarter ones make life interesting. They challenge and disagree with your way of thinking without intending too. That conversation left me in a similar place. Even though I seemed to have convinced my friend, I wasn't sure I had convinced myself. But, the great thing about that conversation is that ever since that day, I have pretty much abandoned my silly concept of relativity. Now every time I compare myself in a situation, I take a moment to figure out the reasons for which I am doing it. Ever since that day, I have tried to follow that smart rohanism I uttered out of nowhere. For the most part, it has helped :) I like analogies. I love drawing parallels in life. Compare one stage with another. Find something in common in two completely different walks of your own life or others. To see how as we change we still remain the same. Friends say its an annoying habit of drawing analogies between seemingly disparate sources. To try and explain every occurrence I see by comparing it to something totally mundane and unrelated. As if it's a self trained mechanism to automatically explain things to myself that might seem out of the scope of my knowledge base. One thing I have observed with a lot of friends as they have moved away from home for jobs or studies is the sudden onset of loneliness. 
"
"I remember teaching user interface design courses back in the mid-nineties. In those courses there was a slide entitled “Rapid Prototyping,” and on that slide were all the reasons why rapid prototyping was a bad idea. Most of the reasoning centered around prototyping tools being so complex back then, they needed to be operated by developers; subsequently, the design process tended to be influenced by all design work needing to be interpreted through the lens of what a prototyper could actually achieve.

Fast forward to 2010 and there’s been a rethinking on prototyping. A slew of new prototyping tools have appeared over the past few years and they’re rapidly being adopted by interaction designers. I guess the creators of these tools never attended one of my courses! In fact, two things changed to bring prototyping tools back into favor: the tools themselves and the task they’re being used to accomplish.

    *

      Prototyping tools today are much more designer-friendly. The adoption of user interface markup languages (like HTML, XAML, and MXML) our ability to build and run more sophisticated software today has made it easier to create design tools that work for designers, rather than developers.
    *

      At the same time, the nature of what we’re designing is changing. As we move away from designs that are a series of relatively static pages or screens, to designing applications that use fewer, more dynamic pages, it becomes harder to prototype these experiences using the traditional tools of paper prototyping and diagramming applications.

So we have perfect conditions for a new wave of prototyping tools: rising demand and increasing capability. Among this new breed of prototyping tools we find Microsoft Expression Blend SketchFlow (for the purposes of this tutorial, I’ll be referring to it as simply SketchFlow). While maintaining the Microsoft tradition of remarkably long product names, SketchFlow takes a fairly unique approach to prototyping. First, I’d like to point out that SketchFlow is part of Microsoft’s Expression Studio range of design tools. After a lackluster history with design tools, Microsoft seems to be finally getting their act together with Expression Studio (disclaimer: I’ve previously worked at Microsoft). Expression Studio is up to its third release and comprises four or five products depending on how you count them: It’s important to note the relationship between SketchFlow and Expression Blend. Expression Blend is the production tool for Silverlight, Windows (Windows Presentation Foundation), and Surface, whereas SketchFlow is a prototyping tool built on top of Expression Blend."
"For the filmmakers at French production company H5, starting with a clean storyline was key. ""As everything is a logo, the story had to be as simple as a logo,"" explains Hervé de Crécy, one of the film's directors, ""Efficient. Simple. Hollywood."" After the plot was set, every trip to the supermarket was also a casting call for the 2,500 brands that de Crécy estimates finally landed a role. For more inspiration, they browsed among the virtual aisles at brandsoftheworld.com Because Los Angeles is a city of signs built on a structured grid, Hollywood became setting as well as inspiration, which also explains why this French film has English dialogue. The filmmakers generally used established U.S. brands, figuring they have a more universal appeal, but also included logos from other countries, like Japan's beef bowl restaurant Yoshinoya, Germany's Afri cola trees, and Kuwaiti oil company Q8's sailboats. The team originally proposed the world of logos for a music video, but the concept was vetoed. So they worked on the film in secret between other video and commercial projects for the next several years. Working without permissions, they didn't want companies making ads in adjacent studios to catch a glimpse, so they blocked off their small room with a folding fabric screen. In most cases, says de Crécy, they used the logos without authorization, but some companies in the loop actually asked to have their logos be included, such as IBM, which provided some equipment for the project. What the computer giant didn’t get was input on what happened to the logo, which ultimately collapses into itself during the earthquake. The Los Angeles Zoo told the filmmakers that they probably would have said no if asked for permission to use their logo in the onscreen zoo, but in the finished product, they actually liked the heroic way their zookeeper (played by the Green Giant) protects the animals during the disaster. De Crécy, who has a background in graphic design, acknowledges that Logorama is part criticism and part celebration. ""Of course it's a tribute to these logotypes and to the designers of all these logotypes. There are many that are absolutely beautiful,"" he says. But he did enjoy tweaking the familiar symbols. As the director says, assigning new personalities ""was a kind of game for us."" Near the close of the film, the National Geographic yellow border makes its cameo, tucked into a pouch in the door of the getaway car Big Boy and the Esso girl use to flee the chaos. With the travel literature alongside it (Lonely Planet and a Michelin guide), the vehicle is clearly going to be a get-far-away car. Director de Crécy says our logo was too abstract to turn into a character, but given its square shape, it was a perfect fit to depict ... what else? ... a magazine. Talk about logotypecasting! But this makes a lot of sense, since the logo is derived from the crisp window of yellow trim that frames the magazine. The border first appeared in February 1910; it was adorned with oak leaves and acorns. Over the century, the leaves were slowly dropped from the design; the last ones fell in September 2000, leaving this vivid rectangle. So happy 100th, yellow border. And congrats on the new film career. Hope your agent gets you a starring role next time!
"
"We may not know much more about ""lasers"" than Austin Powers's nemesis, Dr. Evil, but we can tell you that Logitech has put the technology to outstanding use in its MX1000 Laser Cordless Mouse. It's not as huge a shift as it was going from rollerballs to optical sensors, but the MX1000 does usher in a new age in computer mice.

Logitech claims that its new MX Laser Engine is 20 times more sensitive than a standard LED. While it may be able to read a finer image, the MX1000 still uses a relatively common 800-dots-per-inch (dpi) optical sensor--the same as in Logitech's MX510 Performance Mouse. But because the laser tracks movement more accurately than a standard LED, the MX1000 takes a more precise read of the surface, resulting in more exact cursor movement onscreen.

The cursor never jumped or paused in the three months we used it, and in addition to the $80 MX1000's laser precision, it is comfortable to use--for right-handers, anyway. The deeply carved left side provides a snug perch for your thumb, and the rubberized plastic on either side makes for exceedingly comfortable mousing. You'll find three programmable keys above your thumb and three more, including the scrollwheel itself, are on the top.

The wireless mouse ships with an RF base station, which doubles as a battery charger. Battery life is phenomenal; you can go days without recharging. We particularly like the battery-power meter along the top of the mouse. You may forget to recharge the MX1000 at the end of the day because the battery lasts so long on a single charge, so the three green LEDs are a good reminder: when it gets down to one light, it's time to recharge."
Jody Gerut plays outfield for the Milwaukee Brewers. After a good return to the majors in 2008, in which he posted a .351 OBP, Gerut fell to .279 in 2009. At age 32, he can’t afford to play another season like that. Teams won’t continue to pay $2 million for that kind of performance. The interesting thing about 2009 was that Jody upped his line drive percentage. That usually leads to a higher BA, not a lower one. If he maintains that rate, there’s a good chance his luck changes and he winds up with a better 2010. New research shows that Hank Greenberg’s walk rate went way up at the end of 1938 season as he approached Babe Ruth’s single season home run record. Howard Megdal suggests that Greenberg’s religion caused the league to pitch around him, but Greenberg didn’t buy it at the time: Opposing teams tend to walk big home run hitters, and Greenberg showed a big leap in home runs in 1938, from a career high 40 the year before. Greenberg was also 27 that season, at the peak of his athletic performance. I think randomness is as good an explanation as antisemitism. As Megdal says in the article, “It is impossible to know what was in pitchers’ hearts…”
The first few days of the Big East Tournament haven’t disappointed with a host of thrilling games already in the books. Georgetown today dethroned the mighty Syracuse Orangemen at Madison Square Garden 91-84, thanks to a epic 27-point performance from junior forward Chris Wright. The #3 ranked Orangemen were also dealt a potentially crucial blow going into March Madness with Arinze Onuaku suffering an injury to his knee. Last night Cincinatti kept their NCAA Tournament dreams alive by upsetting Rick Pitino’s Louisville Cardinals 69-66. Marquette won two tight games against St. John’s and Villanova to advance to semi-finals with the Hoyas. Even the early game was exciting with Seton Hall outlasting Providence in a game where over 200 points were scored. Whoever emerges victorious out of this year’s Big East Tournament will be riding a emotional high going into the Big Dance. The world’s oldest tennis tournament will be played June 21st - July 4th at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club just outside London. The 124th Wimbledon promises to be one of the most highly anticipated sporting events on the planet this summer. The game of tennis is fortunate to have a bevy of international stars playing in the game currently. The world’s will be at their best on the grass courts of the All England, as Wimbledon is often considered the grandest of all the grand slam titles. Participants dress in white as is tradition while spectators eat strawberries and cream or drinking Primm Spritzers.
"I placed two electronics orders this week, one with Crutchfield and one with Amazon.

The Crutchfield order was fraught with difficulty. They asked for some info that Amazon never asked for, and the credit card company gave them trouble. It looked like the order, a TV and soundbar-with-woofer, would be delayed. I said so on Twitter. Even though the TV was a very interesting and totally new product from Sony, and very reasonably priced. Further, Amazon was only taking pre-orders, Crutchfield had it in stock.

At the same time the order I placed on Amazon went through with out a hitch. I praised them on Twitter, and said Crutchfield should try to be more like Amazon.

Heh.

The Crutchfield order, which was far more complex (a 46-inch TV) but not much more expensive than the Amazon one, is complete. And unusually, the Amazon order is lost in UPS hell. It's been ""out for delivery"" for almost 48 hours. After I paid for 1-day turnaround the best they can offer is they'll refund the $3.99 I paid (how generous of them, he said sarcastically) and say I should wait until the 22nd. Geez if I wanted it that slow I wouldn't have bought it from Amazon.

Sometimes I wonder if they look at their records to see how much I spend with them. It's guys like me that keep them flying First Class instead of coach. Couldn't they arrange a Saturday delivery? Couldn't they call UPS and find out what they did with my delivery?

BTW, I ordered the Fujitsu scanner I wrote up here. It was a total impulse buy. A product I'm paying to review. Nothing more aggravating than an impulse buy that turns into a support issue."
"Lists are the cotton candy of journalism--hard to resist, but not very nourishing.

Travel & Leisure Magazine has come out with such a list; it purports to tell us the world's 15 ugliest buildings. Chicago's Harold Washington Library Center, designed by Chicago architect Tom Beeby, is on it, along with Frank Gehry's Experience Music Project in Seattle and Michael Graves' Portland Building.

I've never been a big fan of the Harold Washington Library Center--its classical facade is leaden, its rooftop ornament is cartoonish and its lobby has all the grace of a shopping mall. But one of the world's ugliest buildings? Nah.

The really ugly buildings, as the story accompanying the list says, are the anonymous ones where architects aren't even trying to make a statement. And for what it's worth, the Harold Washington Library Center made the list of America's Favorite Architecture when the American Institute of Architects published the results of a national poll in 2007."
"Every March, users all around the world flock to Yahoo! Fantasy Sports to play our NCAA Tournament bracket game, “Tourney Pick’Em.” It’s one of our most popular games.

In many ways, it’s also one of our simplest. Just fill out your bracket by selecting the teams you expect will win. Sounds easy, right? Well there’s a catch — there are 9,223,372,036,854,780,000 different possible ways you can fill your bracket out.

That absurdly huge number presents a challenge for us as well. How do you make something with 9 quintillion possible combinations so easy-to-use that a user can fill out their brackets in just a couple of minutes? The answer involves a fair amount of JavaScript beneath the hood, which we call our “bracket engine”.

The bracket engine we had been using since 2004 had served us well, but after six NCAA tournaments it was beginning to show it’s age. The YUI Library didn’t even exist when it was first written (for that matter, neither did JSON or Firebug). So for this year’s game, we decided that instead of the incremental improvements we normally make, we’d start from scratch. Rebuilding from the ground up gave us the opportunity to completely modernize our bracket engine, so it’s only fitting that we went as modern as we could by using YUI 3. This would be one of the first projects Yahoo! Fantasy Sports has built with YUI 3; but, at this point, we knew that the strengths of the library were too great to pass up. Happily, the new bracket engine turned out even better than we had hoped for."
" These white papers attempt to capture and frame the issues and approaches particular to social interaction design (SxD for short). Each addresses a particular aspect of the design of social software. As they were written over the past three years, they progress from theoretical considerations, which drove the first papers, to the more design-oriented topics covered in recent papers.

In the early papers I examine social software sites and online communities whose participation and user experience reflected the closed system character of sites like Friendster.com, MySpace.com, and Tribe.net. In particular, I was interested in the degree to which those sites produced rich relationships and mediated social interactions, including group and cultural dynamics. The later white papers take up social interaction on open systems and include discussions of Web 2.0 elements, navigation, and content organization. In these, interactions and user contributions are bound less by community membership and more by emerging social practices. Clearly, early adopters of sites like Friendster (one could go back to CMC systems, usenet, IRC chats and so forth of the 90s) helped to establish practices that have now been widely adopted by social media in general.

I've tried to identify the ""engines"" of user participation at work in a variety of thematically-oriented social media systems, including the communication, transaction, social, and economic models behind each. I describe all of these systems as ""talk systems,"" and model the user and social interactions manifest in each on conversation and speech, rather than publishing and writing. It seems clear that the Web's ability to make users visible through their own contributions involves a production of ""presence"" that leads inevitably to psychological, interpersonal, communicative, and social phenomena that we observe and assign to these systems, but which emerge at the second, not first, order of user interaction. Thus the problem of designing social software is a problem of applying leverage and guidance through the site's information architecture, navigation schema, use of communication tools, presentation of user contributions, and structuring of time (from permanent to fast-fading content). Social interaction design perhaps most resembles that of the urban architect: design, planning, modeling, and execution still cannot (thankfully!) regulate actual use. But walkways, open spaces, landscaping, use of light and surface, perspective and material do of course create context and environment.

The user falls into a relationship with a site's other users, or audience, that sets his or her needs and expectations as much as the software design itself. Hence the importance of moving from a user-centric methodology to one that applies our understanding of communication and interaction as social practices. On social media systems, all action is socially informed. And yet the social cannot be engineered. Hence the importance of understanding and anticipating the social dimensions of activity on these sites.

I hope you enjoy these, and as always I welcome feedback. Upcoming papers will cover recent trends in Web 2.0 sites and services, and directions for the development of future systems. I hope to also post in-depth UI critiques of popular web 2.0 and social media sites.

Read more: http://www.gravity7.com/articles_whitepapers.html#ixzz0idxwXO3H
"
Watch this and die from hysterical bouts of laughter. Only for those who know Russian. But anyway - visuals are also good. By the way, long time ago I was a  Viseum Ad Agency started this new campaign for Hummer. “Get Out of My Way!” Exactly! I’m not sure who exactly buys Hummers in Europe or the US (Borat?) but in Moscow (judging by their driving habit) they are all blood-thirsty Trolls from Mordor. It’s hard to say as windows are always heavily tinted. This ad was criticized by Russian advertising community for being actually a call for irresponsible behavior.teacher of English and German at a high school numero uno in Onega Arkhangelsk Region (activate your Google Earth). This is one of the most hilarious cartoons I've ever seen in my life. Every bottle of this "Standart" vodka has a small silver coin. Coins are different so one has a chance to become an owner of a good collection. Recommended retail price is 160 rubles ($6.15). I see a man (left) and a squatted woman with a huge hair do (right) who's giving the man a blow job. Prodvizheniye company from St.Petersburg promotes a vodka brand RUS that should be national and local at the same time. It’s label looks like a car license plate with regional codes. If you live in Chita you buy 75 vodka but if you’re from Saratov then you choose 64. Your local chauvinism should prevent you from buying ‘alien’ vodkas. I’m sure St.Petersburgers (78 code) would angrily refuse even to touch 97 vodka (Moscow). But wait! Moscow has at least three codes: 97, 99, 117. Muscovites are already too rich and now they get at least four different vodkas while the rest of the country must be satisfied with only one. It’s unclear to me why all prizes for the most stupid, ridiculous and unfocused commercials in Russia are always won by ramen noodles producers. Take this piece of commercial by Rollton, for example. If you want to win your man give him Rollton ramen noodles. Right! This is a kind of birthday dinner every homeless dreams about.
Talk about a welcome change in narrative. Think back to 2009, and pretty much all the story-lines in women’s tennis were decidedly negative — poor quality matches, Dinara Safina at number one without a Slam and then breaking down under all the pressure. It was an annus horriblis for women’s tennis, summed up by a lack of standout moments — bar Kim Clijsters’ fairytale US Open success. But even that had a flipside, raising the question of how she could win a Slam in just her third event back on tour.  There are more exciting matches and more positive story-lines. Justine Henin is back and has already reached two finals this season, in Brisbane and at the Australian Open. Her Belgian compatriot Clijsters is also playing a full calendar this year and already has a WTA title to her name so far in 2010. Serena Williams has defended her Australian Open crown and remains right where she belongs at world number one. And there is evidence that those who wrote off Venus Williams may have to revise their opinions. The seven-time Grand Slam singles champion is on a 10 match winning streak, having won WTA titles in Dubai and Acapulco in February.
"England manager Martin Johnson went on to the pitch at the final whistle to question Lawrence about his control of the scrums. “I was just asking him for clarification that’s all,” Johnson said.

“At scrum time he was very quick to penalise, which is fine if we were wrong. But I said that he had to penalise them first time as well. One scrum was reset and then they kicked three points just before half-time and I asked him why he didn’t penalise them as well.

""It doesn’t matter what I think about his performance. He refs the game so his decision is final and that’s fine.” But Lewis Moody, who captained England for the first time in the absence of the injured Steve Borthwick, refused to blame Lawrence.

“There’s no point blaming the referee, it’s our game to win, not his. We have just got to be more clinical,” Moody said.

Ireland’s defeat in their last game at Croke Park before they return to the redeveloped Lansdowne Road ended their slim title hopes and cost them their fifth Triple Crown in seven seasons.

A last-minute penalty from fly-half Dan Parks saved Scotland from the wooden spoon and clinched their first win in Dublin since 1998. Italy, beaten 33-10 by Wales at the Millennium Stadium, propped up the table for the third successive season.

“We came here to spoil the party and we sort of did that. We are delighted,” Parks said.

Scotland’s win was their first in the Six Nations under former England head coach Andy Robinson after near misses against Wales and Italy.

Wales had to settle for fourth place two years after they completed the Grand Slam. "
"The pending arrival of the 4G wireless technologies, particularly LTE-A but in general even the ‘4G-Lite’ versions of LTE and WiMax, foreshadows a fundamental change for the mobile phone industry.  I’m not just talking about the move to flatter, IP-based architectures, or mobile connections approaching (or exceeding) 100Mbps, or the popularity of 3DTV.  I’m talking about the demise of the mobile plan based on voice minutes.  It is already becoming standard practice for the Operators to mandate data plans with the purchase of the latest smartphones. 

In the next two years we are looking at a 50% growth in phones with Advanced OS (Android, iPhone, Blackberry OS, Symbian S60) which will continue to drive the push for mandatory data plans.  These are data plans with values that can easily exceed the value of the voice plan for the same device.  And they should – for a growing segment of the population, voice usage is dropping dramatically while data usage is skyrocketing (tell me something I don’t know, right?).  So at what point do the voice minute plans become irrelevant for these data-oriented devices and voice-only plans become the entry-level point for the operators for base devices?

Operators could continue to offer ‘voice minutes’ as part of their plan but to what effect?  When voice truly moves to IP, whether it is VoIP via Skype or some other program, just how does the operator actually MEASURE and thus value voice traffic?  A circuit that can be measured in time is no longer set up, packets are sent only when there is something to be transmitted, so ‘time’ as a measure of a voice call becomes irrelevant. So how do you measure the value of the mobile connection?  You COULD still use minutes to measure plan value, but with certain demographics using less and less ‘voice’ and more and more ‘data’ it would seem this is so, well, sooo 2010 and not 2012.  Or soo 2G and not 4G.  I’ll be watching to see how these plans develop."
"Upon arriving at the Courtyard Marriott hotel on my recent trip to Toronto, I bypassed the regular line and wandered right up to the “Elite Guest Check-in” desk.

“Checking in for Wesson,” I said, handing my credit card to the front-desk clerk.

The front-desk clerk punched my name into the computer and said. “Yes, Mr. Wesson. Welcome back. You are staying with us for four nights?”

I nodded.

The front-desk clerk continued. “Excellent. We have your Platinum number on file. As your arrival gift, would you like the bonus points, or would you prefer to get something from our Market,” the clerk asked, motioning towards the small shop for snacks and drinks.

“I’ll take the points,” I said. I smiled to myself and thought, “That’s another two-hundred and fifty more points towards my goal.” At Home In Airworld

""I live somewhere else, in the margins of my itineraries. I call it Airworld; the scene, the place, the style. My hometown papers are USA Today and the Wall Street Journal. The big-screen Panasonics in the club rooms broadcast all the news I need, with an emphasis on the markets and the weather. Airworld is a nation within a nation, with its own language, architecture, mood, and even its own currency - the token economy of airline bonus miles that I've come to value more than dollars.""
- Up In The Air, (book) Walter Kirn

I went this past weekend to see the new movie Up In the Air, based upon a book which I had previously read by Walter Kirn. In the movie, George Clooney plays Ryan Bingham, a corporate down-sizing consultant who spends much of his life travelling for work. Though Bingham has an apartment in Omaha, he feels more at home in “Airworld” – literally “up in the air” on the airplanes and on the ground in the airports, hotel suites and rental cars that make up his travelling life. Bingham has a goal, one he is slightly embarrassed to admit at times. It is to join the elite group of American Airlines customers who have amassed 10 million air miles."
"The Carolina Chocolate Drops are a trio that brings back the tradition of old-timey string band music and takes it into the 21st century. The group has three members: Rhiannon Giddens, Dom Flemons, and Justin Robinson, who sing, and play banjo, fiddle and percussion and met in North Carolina in the early 2000's. The group uses old time folk tunes and reels as jumping off points to their own musical conception. ""Hit 'em Up Style"" shows this well, by taking what could be a modern sounding soul and R&B tune about revenge for infidelity and putting Rhiannon's strong and sassy vocals in front of a swirling raw toned fiddle. The effect works well, as does the more traditional sounding work like ""You're Baby Ain't Sweet Like Mine,"" with some deft kazoo work emphasizing the double entendre nature of the lyrics and ""Cornbread and Butterbeans."" ""Snoeden's Jig"" is a nice centerpiece for the instrumental work of the band, while ""Reynadine"" is a beautifully haunting a capella performance. This album is a little on the short side, clocking in at about an LP's length, but it feels right. There's nothing contrived about the music here, whether it is a remake of a traditional song or an original composition, the group plays with strength and conviction throughout. Moreland and Arbuckle - Flood Moreland and Arbuckle are Aaron Moreland on guitar and Dustin Arbuckle on harmonica and vocals. They play a high energy roots rock/blues that is akin in some ways to The Black Keys. The music hews closely to the blues but plays them in different styles, uptempo blues rock with the help of drummer Brad Homer really pulsing and pushing the music along like on the opener ""Hate to See You Go."" They play a blistering electric version of ""The Legend of John Henry"" which weds the folkloric narrative of the to a blasting roadhouse beat. The band mixes in some nice soulful numbers and acoustic blues for a well rounded sound. Fans of roots Americana music and gutbucket blues will find a lot to enjoy. First class straight ahead mainstream jazz from Mike LeDonne on Hammons B3 Organ, Eric Alexander on tenor saxophone, Peter Bernstein on guitar and Joe Farnsworth on drums. Just like they say on the tin, the first four performances are uptempo groovers with strong rich organ and deep swirling tenor saxophone. ""Deep Blue"" slows down to slow ballad tempo with washes of organ and patient probing saxophone. ""Sunday in New York"" is a medium tempo groove with a nice patient guitar solo and rolling organ feature. ""Bopsolete"" is fast paced bebop with Alexander taking a rapid and accelerated solo. LeDonne keeps the organ bubbling fast then makes way for a hot drum solo. The standard ""On the Street Where You Live"" has a nice flowing guitar solo and a soulful saxophone interlude. Listeners with tastes for organ and tenor work along the lines of of the template Jimmy Smith and Stanley Turrentine laid down in the 50's and 60's will be happy with the music here, it is consistently played at a high level.
"
"""My comments about movie theaters aside, I'm going to see this. I don't like the trailer. But I do like Queen Latifah. And I love the Negroes at Court Street in Bk. (""""Bitch got thrown! Bitch got thrown!!"""") I actually troll the bad black rom-com DVDs in search of half-decent material. Every once in a while you come with a goodie. Breaking All The Rules is really underrated. And the world will not be truly postracial until you see a flick like The Seat Filler is in theaters, and The Ugly Truth is straight to DVD. There's a good convo going on below about my post earlier this week on Ben Roethlisberger. I think the take-away, for me, is that this a post that should have stayed in my head, and off the page. We all have our musings, and the kind of conversation we might have over beers with friends. But That's very different than posting something on the Atlantic's website.

For me the salient facts are as follows: I have no idea what happened, and in such an instance, it's almost never a good idea to start publicly riffing. Rape is a serious accusation, and a kind of crime that presents a specific problem to those who like to bat these kind of things around. I'm not convinced that my contribution to the conversation--absent of any real facts--actually helps anyone, or clarifies anything

Look, I'm a football fan with a particular curiosity about the justice system. This case obviously appeals to my interests. But, on reflection, I don't think I had anything of substance to add. There are limits to living in your own head. Likewise, there are limits your ability to discern between your occasional thoughts and writing with substance. I failed on that count here. 

While we're in full apology mode, I've been informed by a couple people that """"Streisand"""" is actually an old-school homophobic slur. This highlights the importance of only riffing off jokes that you actually understand. My apologies to all. I would change the post's title. But that feels deceptive.

Anyway, I'm leaving comments off. I think that's enough meta analysis and navel-gazing for one day. Let's not make worse. I think I have some sense of why this whole conversation might be frustrating. Rape has a psychological element that thrives on shame. In our justice system the burden is always on the accuser, but that burden falls especially hard when there are significant disincentives to reporting the crime, and testifying about it. Sexual assault is humiliating, and no one really wants to relive that humiliation. Moreover, I think getting accused of sexual assault twice raises some basic human suspicions. 

But that said, I'm not exactly sure what to do here. I think we all find the presumption of innocence to be essential. With that in mind--What, specifically, should we be saying? How should we be talking about the anonymous accuser? What, specifically, constitutes taking alleged sexual misconduct seriously? Should we really be in the business of denouncing """"alleged crimes?"""" Was the rush to condemn in the Duke Rape Case excusable?""
"
"Yes, that’s an unabashed cop from the Barney Stinson playbook, but given the film in question, we’re pretty sure he’d approve, especially since among the plot keywords listed for “Bitch Slap” on IMDb are such gems as “breasts,” “sex,” “stripper,” “beautiful woman, “female nudity,” and – wait for it – “lesbian scene.” Mind you, you also get “non-linear timeline,” “nun,” “Tourette’s Syndrome,” and “yo-yo,” but let’s not lose our focus here. Here’s the two-sentence summary of “Bitch Slap” that’s been floating around the internet:

When three curvaceous babes arrive at a desert hideaway to steal over $200 million from an underworld kingpin, things quickly spiral out of control. Allegiances are switched, truths are revealed, criminals are unmasked and nothing is quite what it seems as the fate of the world is precariously balanced among this trio of sexy femmes fatales.

“Bitch Slap” is definitely an acquired taste, with its attempt to offer up a tongue-in-cheek version of the kind of motion pictures that are virtual parodies to begin with, but if you approach it with the right mindset, it’s a laugh riot. It also looks gorgeous, and that’s even when the aforementioned trio of curvaceous babes aren’t on the screen, but when they are…? Look out.

Bullz-Eye had a chance to chat with one of those lovely ladies – Erin Cummings, who plays Hel – in conjunction with the release of “Bitch Slap” on DVD…and when we did, you can bet we made sure to ask her about as many of those plot keywords as possible."
" Inside the BPA Group at Forrester, we conducted a little experiment. I suggested that we should collaborate on a piece about the Pega acquisition of Chordiant. What followed was a large number of email exchanges. I drew the short straw in bringing all these thoughts together into a coherent whole. I prepared a document for Forrester clients to explore the acquisition in detail (probably getting through the editing process next week some time), and this blog post is culled from that document. So while the blog post bears my name, it reflects the collective opinions of Connie Moore, Bill Band, Natalie Petouhoff, John Rymer, Clay Richardson, Craig Le Claire and James Kobielus. Of course, I have put my own interpretation on it too.

Pega definitely wants to be in the customer experience/customer service business, and they want to get there by having a very strong BPM offering.  It is not that they are moving away from BPM in favor of Customer Experience – they’re just strengthening their hand in CRM (or CPM as they would call it), more forcefully making the connection. We already knew this, but the Chordiant deal just reinforced that point (see related research doc from Bill Band in 2005 !!). This is not a new direction or change in direction for Pega, it is a strong move that takes them faster in the direction they were already going.

From a product point of view, Pega are adding/strengthening their hand – Choridant’s marketing automation and predictive analytics seem to be of greatest interest. Of course, Pega also values the engineering talent that Chordiant has, and will redirect those people over time to work on integrating these capabilities into the BPM offering. They were also interested in the vertical industry and functional expertise that Chordiant had to offer."
"The British Airways strike has dragged up from our collective memory recollections of dismal days of endless walkouts, go-slows, blackings, picket lines and tea and sandwiches at No 10. Back in the 1960s and 1970s the unions were throttling our factories, public transport, schools, hospitals, power stations and even our cemeteries. These days, along with British Airways, we’ve got the threat of rail strikes over Easter and the prospect of 200,000 civil servants walking out on Wednesday to celebrate Mr Darling’s Budget.

I thought we’d swept away all that nonsense with Margaret Thatcher’s trades union reforms. These were drawn up to protect workers from being intimidated into strikes and to prevent unfair industrial action by threatening the unions with fines. When drafting them, I drew on my own experience as a trades union activist and on the knowledge that, while much of the industrial disruption which had brought down both the Heath and Callaghan governments was politically motivated, not every strike is an act of mindless aggression. Not all strikers are greedy, lazy, strike-happy shop-floor workers, nor were all strikes plotted by the cloth-capped colonels of the TUC in pursuit of a coup d’état.  There are moments when reasonable workers clash with short-sighted, arrogant, incompetent or frightened managements and, in despair, they simply walk off the job. It is important that ministers understand that fact. I certainly did, because in my time I had been both a striker and a blackleg.

There is an element of obduracy to the BA strike, and it runs the risk of becoming a suicide pact between the airline and its cabin staff. If this were to be the case, then I am sure that the unemployment and losses invoked would be regarded by the apparatchiks of Unite as “a price well worth paying” in its bid to rule the political and industrial roost.

However, the real danger from the resurgence of industrial mayhem will not become clear until after the general election. Whether Cameron outloses Brown, or Brown outloses Cameron (for neither is likely to postively win the support of the electorate, although I suppose the wife of one or the other could), whichever of the two men finds himself in No 10 will have no choice but to tackle the massive public debts incurred over the past 13 years of Government waste. "
"It has become a Wine Talk column tradition that following every Monterey Wine Competition since its inception in 1994 I devote part of an ensuing column to selected value gold medal wines.

The 17th annual Monterey Wine Competition was staged March 6-7 at the Salinas Valley Fairgrounds in King City, CA. Here are the highlights from this week's nationally syndicated Creators Syndicate Wine Talk column:

EOS Estate Winery 2007 French Connection, Paso Robles ($18) — This red Bordeaux-style blend from the up-and-coming Paso Robles region is a steal in this price range. It was nominated for the sweepstakes round of voting for Best of Show, and thus was elevated from gold to platinum.

Ventana Vineyards 2007 Rubystone, Arroyo Seco ($18) — Another gold that was elevated to Platinum as a result of being nominated for Best of Show consideration. This red Rhone-style blend is heavy on the Grenache, which lends a pure red-fruit aroma profile. The scent of white pepper is unmistakable and very sexy. The previous vintage of Rubystone also earned gold and made it to the sweepstakes of the 2009 Monterey Wine Competition.

Castello Banfi 2008 Centine Bianco, Toscana ($12) — This blend of Pinot Grigio, Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay is a sensational everyday white, delivering refreshing and complex flavors at a low, low cost.

Lava Cap 2007 Barbera Reserve, El Dorado ($18) — The wines of California's Sierra Foothills aren't the easiest to find, but they are certainly worthy of the effort to seek them out. This one's great for grilled meats with savory seasonings or with flavorful pasta dishes.

Little Black Dress 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon, California ($11) — It's a feat to be able to tantalize the taste buds with a mass-produced commercial Cabernet, but Little Black Dress pulls it off consistently. If you're on a tight budget, this is a great Cab for the money. PS: At the same price, the Little Black Dress 2008 Chardonnay also earned Platinum!

Villa San-Juliette 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon, Paso Robles ($15) — Dollar for dollar perhaps the best value in red wine I encountered at this year's Monterey competition. The winemaker, Adam LaZarre, is a rising star and his wines at Hahn Estates, his previous stop, were stellar over the better part of his decade there. This one was elevated to Platinum by virtue of its presence in the sweepstakes round.

Fleur de California 2007 Pinot Noir, Carneros ($17) — You simply don't find many gold medal Pinots for less than $20 a bottle. Or even $30 a bottle. So this wine stands out on the merits and the price. Get it while it lasts.

Fish Eye 2007 Pinot Noir, South Eastern Australia ($7) — See the above!

Jefferson Vineyards 2008 Petit Verdot, Virginia ($19) — I realize this wine from southern Virginia will be nearly impossible to source unless you are visiting the Charlottesville area for some reason, but I mention it because the panel that judged it loved it, and one even pegged it for a Virginia wine."
"Its inaugural programme will see productions exploding like party-poppers around the country over the coming year. The range of work promises to be consistently attention-worthy, whether it be a new play about the Bridgend suicides, a forgotten early drama by John Osborne, or a major revival of The Persians by Aeschylus. As for locations, few travellers’ guides could offer such an adventurous variety: audiences will be invited into miners’ institutes in the Valleys, on to the beaches of North Wales, into a replica village on a MOD firing range in the Brecon Beacons, somewhere in Snowdonia, all across Port Talbot. Stick a pin in a map and something theatrical is almost certain to be in the offing there.

In fact, the only obvious locale that hasn’t been commandeered as a site-specific venue is a disused colliery. “Don’t worry,” John McGrath, NTW’s energetic and articulate artistic director assures me as we pace the rain-sodden high street of Blackwood, a small town in the South Wales Valleys where the first production is about to be unveiled. “We’re already having discussions about that. Would we try and take people down a mine? Absolutely! But we’d do it in an unusual way.’

Born in Wales but raised in Liverpool and hence regarded as an outsider, much in the mould of the NTS’s English director, Vicky Featherstone, McGrath shows such obvious devotion to the cause of giving NTW a big-splash start that it feels churlish to ask: does Wales need its own national theatre? In fact, you could ask: does it need a second national theatre? Because, unnoticed by many, a dedicated Welsh-language company, Theatr Genedlaethol Cymru, was launched in 2003.

A former Eng Lit student at Oxford, where he first started to direct before honing his craft in Poland, then New York, and latterly Manchester, which saw him build an experimental buzz around the Contact Theatre, McGrath, 47, reflects: “If you’re going to have national theatres, theatres that enable countries to think about themselves, then Wales needs one. You could just put more money into touring, but that wouldn’t have the same effect. The word national focuses everyone’s minds. With Wales, there’s an added complexity surrounding language. There was a feeling that Welsh-language theatre needed a scale it hadn’t had the opportunity to work on before. After that the question was: what about English language theatre, given that English is a language virtually everyone in Wales shares?” "
"A DIRECTOR is preparing for a homecoming as his comedy arrives in Manchester today.
David L. Williams’s British comedy Beyond the Pole kicks off its first north west airing at the Cornerhouse cinema.
The film was both directed and co-produced by David under the company he runs with real-life partner, Cold Feet and Friends star Helen Baxendale, who also stars in the movie.
David, 39, said: “I’m really chuffed this film is being showed in Manchester, it is like a homecoming.”
Though raised in Sale, David now lives in London with Helen and their three children but still has friends living in Urmston.
The couple founded Shooting Pictures in 2000.
Their latest offering tells the story of two pals played by Green Wing’s Stephen Mangan and comic actor Rhys Thomas who venture out to the North Pole on the world’s first carbon neutral and organic expeditions.
But the pals, whose idea of facing the extremities is camping in the Pennines, are in for a shock as they face challenges from angry polar bears to cocky Norweigans.
Beyond the Pole may be facing tough competition at the box office from the likes of Scorsesse’s Shutter Island and Matt Damon starrer Green Zone but it has already won a cult following on social networking site Facebook, gaining 5,000 fans, and awards at the Ft Lauderdale International Film Festival.
Describing the 14-week low budget shoot in Greenland, David added: “We shot it at a hunter’s village which had around 300 residents who were all armed to the teeth – they actually turned out to be very friendly.
“We also had to be armed because of the polar bears – it’s difficult when the bears are around and you have to have one more take because the actors need to be a lot more funny.
“It was a tough shoot but a beautiful place to film. ”
Beyond the Pole runs at the Cornerhouse from March 19 to 26."
"Flights from London to DC via Frankfurt (don't ask why, just learn from my mistake and never do it) put the recent Atlantic and New Yorker profiles of Tim Geithner in a good light. Longer than they needed to be, you say? I was wishing they were longer. Josh Green was better on Geithner's character, I thought, and John Cassidy more at home with the economics. Both pieces are well worth reading, regardless of your itinerary. But I have to say that neither really dispelled for me the big mystery about Geithner, which is the nature of his professional and intellectual relationship with Larry Summers. When the appointments were first made, I foresaw trouble.Flights from London to DC via Frankfurt (don't ask why, just learn from my mistake and never do it) put the recent Atlantic and New Yorker profiles of Tim Geithner in a good light. Longer than they needed to be, you say? I was wishing they were longer. Josh Green was better on Geithner's character, I thought, and John Cassidy more at home with the economics. Both pieces are well worth reading, regardless of your itinerary. But I have to say that neither really dispelled for me the big mystery about Geithner, which is the nature of his professional and intellectual relationship with Larry Summers. When the appointments were first made, I foresaw trouble. Like many others, I assumed that Obama would have wished to make Summers Treasury Secretary, but recoiled at the difficulty of getting him confirmed. So Summers became chief economic adviser while his former subordinate Geithner (whose confirmation turned out to be no stroll in the park either) got Treasury. A hazardous arrangement, I thought, though possibly workable, if Geithner was sufficiently self-effacing to accept the  de facto number two position. Summers, I reasoned, never would. But if Geithner decided he was going to be in charge, there would be a fight for influence, the economic message would be muddled, and the loser would have to go. Adding to the danger was the milling profusion of other top economic talent-Volcker, Orszag, Goolsbee, to name just three-in or around the White House. This setting reminded me of the fight between Nigel Lawson, the brains behind the Thatcher Revolution, and Alan Walters, Thatcher's favorite economist, in the late 1980s-a calamity I watched at close quarters. Lawson was chancellor of the exchequer when Thatcher brought Walters into 10 Downing St as her personal adviser. They disagreed about monetary policy; after a period of friction Lawson decided he was no longer trusted to do his job, and quit. You could plausibly argue (and many did at the time) that this was the beginning of the end of Thatcherism. 
"
" Islamic banks have been operating like other traditional bank about four decades. They also mobilize deposits and produce loans based on Islamic Law (Shari'ah), which are different from the other conventional or commercial banks. Therefore, Islamic banking differs from conventional banking in several ways, such as the prohibition of transactions based on interest rate and the requirement that bank's operations be carried out according to certain procedures through the use of certain financial instruments (1). However, the Islamic bank can also offer products and services which are similar to those offered by a conventional bank.  Generally, we can define the Islamic bank as a non-interest based financial institution which complies fully with Islamic Laws and has creative and progressive financial engineering to offer efficient and competitive banking, investment, trade finance, commercial and real estate financing services (1). There are approximately 180 Islamic Banks and Financial Institutions operating in Asia, Africa, Europe and the USA with more than 8,000 branches with an estimated $170 billion (2).

The popularity of the Islamic banking system is not limited to the Islamic banks only. Increasingly large international conventional banks are showing interest in the Islamic banking system as well (2). The consequence of this is that Islamic banks operating in Islamic countries are faced with strong competition not only from Islamic banks but also from non-Islamic rivals (3). When competition intensifies and when banks start to offer more or less similar products and services, it is the customer's satisfaction that can influence the performance of an Islamic bank and determines its competitiveness and success. Hence, it is of paramount importance to assess the degree of customer satisfaction towards Islamic banks operating in Islamic countries."
"Scheduling meetings is tough, but rescheduling is even harder. We all know how frustrating it can be to try to find just the right time that accommodates everyone's availability and preferred working hours. Throw in different time zones and conference rooms and it goes from painful to excruciating. We'd rather schedule dental appointments.

On the Google Calendar team, we've noticed that when people talk about scheduling they say things like ""I'm trying to find a time"" or ""let's search for a new date."" We wondered what would happen if we treated calendaring more like a search problem. Just as Google search applies ranking algorithms to return the most relevant results from the web, we hoped we could rank meeting times based on criteria important to the person scheduling the meeting. Today we're launching the result of that experiment, a gadget called Smart Rescheduler, in Google Calendar Labs. Once you enable the Lab, you can find a new time for an event simply by clicking on a link. Our schedule search algorithm will return a ranked set of the best candidate dates and times based on the calendars others have shared with you. You can read more about it on the Gmail Blog.

So next time your boss says ""We need to reschedule,"" just smile and say ""I'm feeling lucky."""
Another groundbreaking medical procedure. The teabaggers are spot on that socialized health care never produces anything good and is a complete failure. Every good teabagger knows that the US health care system is the best in the world and nothing else is even close. Provided you ignore all of the advances, of course. When faced with examples of advances, the key is to simply re-state "the US has the greatest health care system in the world" louder or maybe write that on a poster with a picture of Obama as some evil character. That'll win 'em over every time. Not so surprisingly, they have discovered gaps in regulation. Imagine that. Business was allowed to do whatever they wanted during the Bush years. Self-regulation and all that nonsense failed yet another industry. Glad to see they're serious about this. Glad to see the attempts to block this video by Nestlé were defeated. Like the countless stories in recent years ago lead in toys or other harmful products introduced along the supply chain process, Nestlé is being targeted by Greenpeace because of the alleged ties to a company that is destroying the habitat of the endangered orangutan in Indonesia. Nestlé probably did Greenpeace a favor in making this an even bigger story by trying to use their legal team to stop the video. Remember, it's the best and brightest who go to work for these big corporates. Read More...... 
"I gave a talk at the New Museum in New York City on Saturday, along with Omar Wasow, the co-founder of Black Planet. It was good fun – Omar and I are nerds of the same generation, and as he showed slides of his beloved VIC-20, I found myself throwing devil horns in a gesture of 8-bit solidarity. The talk was… sparsely… attended. Which is to say, the two friends from Global Voices who came to support me represented a third of the paying audience. And while this can be a bit dispiriting, Lova Rakotomalala was kind enough not only to attend, but to videotape the beginning of the discussion, which is now posted on his blog. (For those of you who can’t get enough video of me – and, frankly, you should seek professional help – Saturday’s talk was descended in part from my Berkman talk on mapping infrastructure and flow, available here.) And the conversation Omar, Lova, Solana Larsen and others had afterwards at the museum, and later over drinks, made for an extremely rewarding seminar experience, if not the grand NYC lecture I might have been hoping for. Anyway… the talk tried to draw a line between the idea that we should study what people actually do online, rather than what we might hope they would do, to the phenomenon of social translation. As I put slides together, I kept coming back to a talk Zhang Lei gave at the China Internet Research conference. He was making the argument that, while Chinese-speaking internet users may now represent the largest group of internet users, there’s probably much less Chinese-language content than English language. As Lei admitted, we don’t really know that this is true, however. It’s really hard to get an answer to the question, “What percent of the internet is in English? In Chinese?” Near as I can tell, the last time anyone made a serious, rigorous attempt to answer the question was a study by Excite AtHome in 1999, which looked at 600 million webpages and concluded that 72% were in English. (If I’m wrong and missing the obvious, definitive study, please let me know in the comments – would love to know about it.) I haven’t found that study, but it’s referred to in an excellent piece in the American Prospect – “Will the Internet Always Speak English?” – and might be part of the study announced here, which looks at a wide range of research questions around a corpus of Excite data. If Excite’s estimates were right, and the Internet was 72% English in 1999, it’s probably much less so now – in the past decade, the ITU estimates that internet penetration has almost tripled, and much of this growth has been in countries where English isn’t the predominant language. The rise of read/write web technologies like blogs have made it far easier for people to author content in their native languages. While the NITLE blog census, last updated in 2003, saw English, followed by Catalan (?!), as the dominant languages in the blogosphere, Technorati’s “State of the Live Web” in 2007 saw English as a plurality, roughly tied with Japanese… and I believe Technorati’s methods missed lots of Chinese blogs and undercounted them. Still,
"
"Diary of a Wimpy Kid"" is a likable movie for kids that will make adults chuckle as well because of the movie's key ingredient -- wit. This usually gets left off the To Do list by most filmmakers who aim at young audiences. However, director Thor Freudenthal and multiple writers have retained from their source material -- a ""cartoon novel"" by Jeff Kinney -- the sly, painfully observant perspective of its pint-sized protagonist. His commentary recalls for most adults our ambivalent memories of middle school, an era over which no one suffers from any nostalgia.

If indeed Kinney's book sold 28 million copies and was translated into 33 languages, then clearly this Fox release has name recognition. So the studio can expect above-average boxoffice results for a PG-rated film. Opening weekend should come in at around $15 million.

Zachary Gordon plays the Wimpy Kid, aka Greg Heffley, who keeps a journal -- don't call it a diary since that's so-o-o-o-o wimpy -- of his middle-school career so that when he is famous he won't have to answer questions about his early years. What he charts is his luckless engagement with a class system more stratified and unyielding than those in medieval times.

It's a world divided among the cool, moronic, bullying and wimpy, where lunchtime seating is rigidly controlled and an invisible list of where one fits in the hierarchy of popularity is carried in every child's head. In his first year, Greg plummets to the bottom of that list.

His problems is that he's conceited, judgmental and error-prone. Plus he's got a friend named Rowley (Robert Capron), who is oversized and seemingly oblivious, if not impervious, to his social standing. Whatever Greg does, Rowley's counteractions will defeat.

Greg's problem don't end there. Greg has an older brother from hell (Devan Bostick), clueless parents (Steve Zahn and Rachael Harris, mostly wasted in negligible roles) and the worst sort of arch-nemesis -- a girl (Laine MacNeill) who can beat him up. Badly.

Then there is the movie's gun ready to go off: A molding slice of cheese, lying all year on the blacktop, that if touched renders that unfortunate student an immediate pariah.

An episodic screenplay by Jackie Filgo, Jeff Filgo, Gabe Sachs and Jeff Judah careens from one situation to another to provide an ever escalating series of disappointments for a kid determined win the title of ""class favorite"" in at least one area of endeavor.

Some running gags run too long, some episodes are less successful than others and many are wholly predictable in terms of outcome. Nevertheless, Freudenthal keeps the pace steady and is surrounded by bright young actors, who are professional enough to pep up even those sequences where the story lags.
"
"""I was looking for my younger self’. Perhaps he is like the man in Chris Marker’s La Jetée, a film that he openly admired, about the mutability of memory. In La Jetée, the man, via the peculiarities of time travel, realises that as a boy he had witnessed his own death. In Miracles, via the peculiarities of auto(bio)graphy, Ballard time travels with the ongoing revelation that as a boy, Lunghua was the map of his future. Miracles, then, reunites his younger self with the older man, allowing Ballard to again see through young Jim’s eyes, viewing his own impending death with detached, yet remarkably clear vision. In 2006 I interviewed Jim Ballard. I was nervous at the thought of matching wits with this towering figure but my anxiety was quickly banished, for he was a charming and generous conversationalist. Although taxed from the recent discovery of the cancer that would claim him, he applied his blowtorch intelligence to everything from CSI and the ‘soft fascism’ of consumer culture to the surreality of having an English queen as an Australian head of state, weaving such cultural flashpoints in among the warps and wefts of a philosophy that has sustained his writing across 19 novels and around 100 short stories. Performing a similar function, but in reverse, his wonderful memoir contextualises some of the darkest and strangest corners of his fiction – as elements hotwired into his life.

It was never easy, perhaps not even possible for Ballard to separate his life from his work. Nominally English, he was born in Shanghai and lived in the expatriate community there before being interned in 1943 with his family in Lunghua, a Japanese war camp. He didn’t see England until he was 16. Accordingly, the Shanghai years, and the squalor and horror of Lunghua, take up almost half of Miracles, an index to its deep psychological fissures. Marguerite Duras once said she only truly recognised herself in her novels, not the biographies written about her. Perhaps Ballard felt the same. Like Duras, who also wrote iterative, fictionalised accounts of her expatriate upbringing in Saigon, he has practised a form of time travel throughout his career, most famously in the 1984 novel Empire of the Sun, reinhabiting his Lunghua memories in numerous stories, blurring the edges in each incarnation, incrementally shifting the background scenery, erasing forever the demarcation between fiction and reality. The summoning of memory is a key theme in Miracles. But it is memory that becomes hopelessly, irrevocably contaminated with the writer’s imaginative life. The sudden death of his wife, Mary, in 1964 takes up barely a page, but Ballard’s dream of her returning to his world to say goodbye takes up considerably more, as does a discussion of his experimental novel The Atrocity Exhibition, which Ballard has said was in part his attempt to sublimate the hurt and anger he felt at losing Mary so unexpectedly. Motifs from Ballard’s fiction bleed into the autobiographical frame, reversing the process set in train by Empire.s""
"
"Georgia absolutely hammered Russia in the European Nations Cup Qualifier, running out easy 36:8 winners.

Both teams had already qualified for the 2011 Rugby World Cup in New Zealand, but the result means that Georgia will play against Scotland, England and Argentina in Pool B, while Russia will face Australia, Ireland, Italy and – most intriguingly – the United States in Pool C.

Full match report to follow, plus news of the Romania Portugal match, but on this performance, it looks like Georgia will be a handful in next year’s World Cup. The British press are reporting that British troops will take part in this year’s Victory Day Parade in Red Square on May 9th. They’ll be joining troops from America, France and, of course, Russia, to mark the 65th anniversary of the end of the second world war.

According to the British Embassy:

    Research suggests that this is the first time British troops have marched on Red Square 

How much research they actually did is pretty questionable, considering that this picture was taken less than three years ago: They’re marching and playing in the first Russian Military Tattoo, also known as the Kremlin Zoria Festival, which took place in 2007. If you look carefully, you can see representatives from the 1st Battalion Scots Guards, the Royal Scots Borderers, the Black Watch, the Highlanders, the Royal Gurkha Rifles, the Royal Air Force, and the Royal Corps of Signals. Plus a whole host of military musicians from other Commonwealth countries.

British marching bands were set to attend the second Tattoo, in 2008, as well, but the Russia-Georgia war put paid to that plan.

Much more about the Moscow Military Tattoo here, including links to lots more pictures. Here’s my absolute favourite. This weekend sees Georgia play Russia in the deciding match of the 2008-2010 European Nations Cup Season. Russia have been playing second fiddle to Georgia all season, but Romania’s shock defeat of Georgia last week means that Russia and Georgia are now level on points at the top of the table, and all is to play for.

To add a little more pressure to this match between the two massive rivals (if more was needed between two countries that fought a war only eighteen months ago), the outcome of the match will decide who qualifies in first place for next year’s Rugby World Cup Finals in New Zealand. Both teams have already qualified, but the team who finishes first in the European Nations Cup will find themselves in the tougher World Cup group – which creates an oddly perverse incentive for each team to throw the game.

This weekend also sees a vital matchup between Romania and Portugal – the winner of which is likely to take the third and final World Cup Qualifying spot.

As ever, we’ll have the results for you here on Siberian Light next week. "
"This amazing piece of musical scholarship must be one of the most sublime pieces of obsession ever committed to print. Edited by Rutgers University scholar and musician (and Coltrane biographer) Lewis Porter, it is the work of a team of scholars and fans to collate everything known about saxophonist and composer John Coltrane. The book is broken down into two lengthy sections, Part One: The Chronology, which tracks Coltrane's life and music from his birth in Hamlet, North Carolina in 1926 to his death in Long Island in 1967. The Chronology tracks recording dates and personnel as well as tours and live concerts, and major events in Coltrane's life. The music is taken in even greater detail in Part Two: The Discography, which lists all known recording sessions and live performances in chronological order. While this would probably strike some as a dry list of facts, what makes this book even more valuable are the anecdotes that the researchers have collected from fellow musicians and from the media. For example, did you know that one evening at the Half Note in 1964 Coltrane wasn't feeling well after the first set of a gig, so he sat out the second set, allowing Eric Dolphy and Albert Ayler, who had apparently been practicing together earlier in the afternoon take his place. Can you imagine! The mind reels just thinking about it. Critic Gary Giddins's reaction to the ""joyful, terrifying noise"" of Coltrane's band in 1966 is fascinating as well as the re-prints of newspaper advertisements for the band's upcoming gigs. This was a fascinating book to flip through and a very impressive work of scholarship and research this is endlessly interesting for both music fans and scholars.Inspired by the work of the great Duke Ellington, and his combination of horns and reeds, bassist and composer Dave Holland formed an octet to investigate a wide range of musical textures and colors. Anchored by his quintet with Chris Potter on tenor and soprano saxophone, Steve Nelson on vibes and marimba, Nate Smith on drums and Robin Eubanks on trombone, he adds Antonio Hart on alto saxophone, Alex Sipiagin on trumpet and Gary Smulyan on baritone saxophone. The album was recorded live during a week long stand at Birdland in New York City. ""Pathways"" opens the album with deep baritone saxophone leading the melody. Smulyan solos with the rest of the horns filling in for support. The horns riff hard with vibes accenting before trumpet takes over. ""How's Never"" has a feature for solo bass before the band kicks in. Hart's alto saxophone digs deep in a strong solo, before making way for a cool vibraphone, bass and drums section and an exciting drum solo. Chris Potter and Robin Eubanks are featured on ""Sea of Marmara"" with Potter's soprano saxophone shimmering like a golden sunrise and then switching to tenor saxophone on ""Ebb and Flow"" to take a stirring feature propelled by blustery horns. 
"
"From the customer’s perspective, it’s all the same. If it’s provided over the Internet on a pay-for-usage basis, it’s a cloud service. Within the industry, we argue about definitions more than is good for us. Customers look in from the outside and see a much simpler array of choices.

Why is this important? It matters to how we market and support cloud services (of whatever ilk). Yesterday EuroCloud UK (disclosure: of which I’m chair) had a member meeting, hosted at SAP UK headquarters, that covered various aspects of the transition to SaaS for ISVs. From the title, you’d imagine it would have little content of relevance to raw cloud providers at the infrastructure-as-a-service layer. (One of our challenges in the early days of EuroCloud, whose founders are more from the SaaS side of things, is to make sure we bring the infrastructure players on board with us). But in fact, much of the discussion covered topics of equal interest at any level of the as-a-service stack: How to work with partners? How to compensate sales teams? What sort of contract to offer customers? How to reconcile paying for resources on a pay-per-use basis with a per-seat licence fee? What instrumentation and reporting of service levels should the provider’s infrastructure include?"
"It's hard to look at the DROID without looking at the company which brought the device to life. Motorola: for years the name has been synonymous with... well, disappointment. While the industry-stalwart made cellphones sexy with the RAZR, the days which followed have not been especially fruitful or compelling. Over the past year or so, we've seen Motorola beating its way back into the mainstream through a series of smart plays: first embracing Android as a platform, then shucking off the weight of Windows Mobile and finally bringing some desirable (and high profile) devices to market.

With the DROID, the company has perhaps created its most attractive and intriguing piece of technology yet. Forging an alliance with both Verizon and Google, Motorola has come up with a second compelling reason to count the phonemaker down, but certainly not out, while the other two giants have finally found a seemingly worthy device to position against the iPhone. So we must pose these questions: is this the phone which will catapult Android into the mainstream? Is it the device that will pull Motorola back from the brink? And -- most importantly -- is it the lynchpin Google and Verizon have needed to challenge the leader in mindshare in the smartphone market? After putting the device through its paces, we think we can give you the answers you seek -- so read on to find out!"
"""Our ship has once again been repelled by sea ice—this time more ominously than before. We now know for certain that we will not reach Larsen B. It's hard to imagine how disappointed these scientists must feel. They've been planning this expedition for three years. Their careers depend on it. The Nathaniel B. Palmer has gone as far south as it can without becoming trapped in ice and now sits in a sheltered apron of sea ice between James Ross Island and Lockyer Island. Most of our scientific targets on the former Larsen B Ice Shelf lie 70 to 100 miles south—beyond helicopter range. Scientists and crew are making plans to use our helos, together with strategically placed fuel caches, to extend our range and leapfrog scientific instruments to the most important of our targets. If it works, it will have been a heroic effort. In the meantime, we're collecting data from yet another dead ice shelf—a lobe of the former Larsen A Ice Shelf, which once flowed out of Swift Glacier on James Ross Island and covered the area where our ship now is. This little ice shelf was last seen alive and well in 1843; by 1945 it had shrunk by half, and by 1957 it had vanished entirely. Some scientists question how substantial this ice shelf really was. A core of mud that our crew extracted from the seafloor sheds light on this. Three feet of sand sit at the top of the core—just the kind of stuff that's vomited forth when ice shelves disintegrate and the glaciers they once supported run out of control like 18-wheelers without brakes. Below the sand sits gray clay—profoundly empty of diatoms or any other sign of life. It suggests that before the ice shelf went, this area spent thousands of years beneath a thick ice shelf that blotted out sunlight and prevented all but the hardiest things from eking out a living. As we sit here in the ice, the seasons are changing, as evidenced by the eroding daylight. During a late summer's Antarctic night we received our first snowstorm. Wind wafted the falling flakes into waves. Several inches of snow gathered on the ship's decks. At 2 a.m. I wandered out onto the bow and recognized true darkness for the first time in weeks. Only the lights of the ship and three flood lamps throwing circles of light onto the wind-sculpted ice. A dozen white-winged snow petrels cruised in clockwise orbits around the ship, skimming inches above the snow, just at the edge of our little snow globe of light. The birds zoomed by our port side with the wind at their backs, then levitated as they turned into the wind, beating their wings hard to regain momentum. I'm told that snow petrels will sometimes follow ice breakers as they crash through sea ice, snatching up hapless little krill that are thrown onto the ice in front of the ship. But with the ship at a standstill, their cavorting seemed a waste of energy in this cold and harsh (if also kind of pretty) environment—it's not as though they were catching fireflies.
Two birds of another kind also inhabited our summer nightscape: two emperor penguins sleeping on the ice, just off starboard. To find respite from predators such as leopard seals, these birds routinely haul out of the water and flop face-first into the snow—where they sleep. Our two emperors looked still and dead, like minor characters in some old western who'd taken gunshots in the back and fallen forward into the dust. The snow formed drifts around their little black bodies. One has to wonder whether this place was throwing us one last taunt as it chased us out of town. Or perhaps offering a quiet moment of consolation. ""
"
"As you know, there’s an abundance of horribly written corporate websites out there – with too much back slapping self praise and not enough focus on the customer.

For us copywriters, this presents an opportunity: if you can point out to a company why their website’s copy is ineffective, they might ask you to give it a makeover. Many companies complain about how poor their websites are at generating sales - often weak copy is to blame.

Here are a few classic corporate web copywriting mistakes you might want to point out:

Irrelevant copy that wastes visitors’ time – You know the sort, packed with meaningless marketing clichés – ‘paradigm shift’, ‘modular best of breed solutions’, blah, blah, blah…Copy that’s not focused on the reader is more likely to cause yawns and glazed eyes than people hopping in theirs seats about a product’s benefits.

No structure or call to action – Every page should have an point of what it wants the reader to think or do. Rather than endlessly boast about ‘market leading solutions’, the copy should be creating an image in people’s minds of how a product can solve their problem. As you know, hitting people’s emotional buttons is a time proven way of persuading them to respond to a call to action (which is another key element many corporate web page’s are missing).

Copywriting by committee – In theory, asking people from different areas of a company to contribute to what the website needs to say makes sense. But you then often end up with the website’s copy becoming drowned in track changes and amendments. Yes, getting feedback is important. But it should then be one person’s responsibility to pull all the elements together into a concisely written website page.

Copy pasted from the corporate brochure – People skim read online and have the attention spans of goldfish. So web copy needs to use short sentences, short paragraphs, plenty of subheads, bullet pointed lists and provide succinct, usable summaries. The internet is also a robotic medium. So addressing the reader as ‘you’ and writing copy in an approachable tone can help it sound more human. Ideally, pages should be kept to less than 300 words. You can always use arrows or drill down menus to break up long pages into more digestible chunks.

Hasn’t been split tested – Not sure which headline or call to action works best? Try split testing the page to find out. Google’s Website Optimizer will do the trick.

Too many keywords (or not enough) – SEO is a complicated beast, and has evolved a lot since the days of hidden text and keyword stuffing. But you still need enough words in the right places to make sure Google knows what your page is about. Luckily, there are some great tools out there for finding out whether your copy’s on the right track - SEOBugz is one tool I use regularly.

So, if you’ve got a spare window next week, have a look at corporate websites in your area to see which are making these mistakes to drum up some business.

Any corporate web copywriting mistakes you’d add?"
"esterday CBO and the staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT) completed a preliminary estimate of the direct spending and revenue effects of the reconciliation proposal that represents one component of the health care legislation being considered by the Congress. The other component is a bill, H.R. 3590, that the Senate passed in December.

CBO and JCT estimate that enacting the combination of the reconciliation proposal and H.R. 3590 as passed by the Senate would reduce federal budget deficits by $138 billion between 2010 and 2019. Although CBO does not generally provide cost estimates beyond the 10-year budget projection period, many Members have requested our analysis of the long-term budgetary impact of broad changes in the nation’s health care and health insurance systems. Therefore, we have developed a rough outlook for the decade following the 2010-2019 period. We estimate that the combined effect of enacting those two pieces of legislation would be to reduce federal budget deficits during that following decade relative to those projected under current law—with a total effect that is in a broad range around one-half percent of gross domestic product (GDP). That calculation is very uncertain, and the imprecision of the estimate is intended to reflect that uncertainty.

Many people have raised questions about those projections of deficit reduction and similar projections that we have made regarding earlier pieces of health legislation. Their questions often focus either on the uncertainties surrounding the various technical, behavioral, and economic factors underlying the estimates, or on uncertainties as to whether the legislation would ultimately be implemented as written.

Some analysts believe that CBO is underestimating the ultimate costs of the new subsidies to buy health insurance (which could make the legislation deficit-increasing instead of deficit-reducing). Others assert that CBO is underestimating the ultimate savings from changes in the Medicare program (which could make the legislation reduce deficits by more than we have estimated). Certainly, the budgetary impact of broad changes in the nation’s health care and health insurance systems is very uncertain. However, CBO staff, in consultation with outside experts, has devoted a great deal of care and effort to this analysis, and the agency strives to develop estimates that reflect the middle of the distribution of possible outcomes. As a result, we believe that CBO’s estimates of the net savings that would result from the legislation have a roughly equal chance of turning out to be too high or too low.

Focusing on another area of concern, some observers argue that CBO’s estimates are unrealistic because the Congress will not allow the Medicare spending cuts and future tax increases in the proposals to take effect. CBO’s responsibility to the Congress is to estimate the effects of proposals as written and not to forecast future legislation. However, the agency does try to provide information about the consequences of implementing proposals. For example, our cost estimate for the bill taken up by the Senate in December and our estimate for the House bill last October noted that inflation-adjusted Medicare spending per beneficiary would slow sharply under those proposals. We estimated that growth in such spending under the Senate bill would drop from about 4 percent per year for the past two decades to roughly 2 percent per year for the next two decades; whether such a reduction could be achieved through greater efficiencies in the delivery of health care or would reduce access to care or diminish the quality of care is unclear. In addition, CBO’s estimates have shown that relaxing previously enacted constraints on Medicare spending can add significantly to long-run budget deficits, as we wrote in answer to a question last fall about the effects of combining the House bill with a change in the so-called Sustainable Growth Rate mechanism for Medicare’s payments to physicians."
"Every six months or so, Flip Video--slated to be absorbed by Cisco by the end of the year--puts out a new model or two of its popular YouTube-friendly point-and-shoot mini camcorders. Late last year it was the MinoHD. Now, for spring 2009, the company brings us two updated versions of the Ultra: a higher-end model, the UltraHD, which shoots 720p (1,280x720) high-definition video, and a less expensive Ultra, which shoots 640x480 VGA video.

On the outside at least, not much has changed from Flip's first-generation Ultra. But there are a couple of notable differences. For starters, the transflective LCD on the back is bigger, measuring 2 inches, compared with 1.5 inches. The buttons are also bigger and the UltraHD, which comes in black or white, has a sort of rubberized, matte finish that allows you to grip the device a bit more easily.

Most importantly, this model comes with a set of AA-size NiMH rechargeable batteries you can charge in the unit by simply connecting the camcorder (via its trademark flip-out USB connector) to the USB port on your computer. Alternatively, you can swap in a pair of standard AA alkaline batteries if you don't have time to charge. That standard battery backup option is a nice convenience, but there's a drawback: the batteries are bulkier and heavier than the slim lithium ion type built into the MinoHD. So by default you're getting a bigger, heavier camcorder--the UltraHD weighs 6.1 ounces versus 3.3 ounces for the MinoHD. That said, the UltraHD is still pocket-friendly, just not as pocket-friendly as the MinoHD.

One thing we don't like about the new design is the chrome plastic trim on the sides of the unit. It looks good but you'll find your self continually wiping off fingerprint smudges with the soft, velvety pouch that ships with the product. We would have preferred some sort of brushed metal, or a brushed-metal look. Another minor ding: there's an HDMI output on the side for HDTV connections, but no bundled cable. That's not a huge deal, but Kodak, for instance, includes an HDMI cable with the Zx1, which retails for about $50 less. "
"The Xphone IIm takes the existing form factor of the Xphone II and gives it an iPod-style makeover. Depending on your personal preferences, that's either a canny marketing decision or a cynical bit of cheap design trickery. The silver and grey styling of the buttons and sides of the phone don't sit quite as well with the otherwise glossy white colour scheme of the phone, although again that's a matter of personal preference.

The Xphone IIm is a candybar form factor smartphone that's fairly reminiscent of most of Sony Ericsson's designs, right down to the largish 2.2 inch screen and small button array. Most functions are controlled via the tiny directional joystick that sits in the middle of the phone, in the same style as the Xphone II itself. The major button difference between the IIm and II is the addition of four dedicated function buttons. These are mapped to Internet Explorer and Windows Media Player functions.

The Xphone IIm weighs in at 106.5g with battery and measures 46.83 x 107.76 x 19.58 mm. The real advantage with this style of smartphone over the massed army of iPaq form factor clones is that they'll fit comfortably in any pocket and don't immediately look like a PDA - although that's an approach that does have its drawbacks, which we'll get to shortly.

Features
As a phone, the Xphone IIm is a tri-band GSM phone with GPRS capabilities and Bluetooth connectivity. The whole platform's running on the somewhat aging Microsoft Windows Mobile 2003 Smartphone Edition software, which both manages usual phone functionality as well as PDA-style applications. The IIm also features an integrated VGA camera located on the back of the phone.

The supplied application package - predominantly Pocket Outlook and Internet Explorer - isn't that exciting in PDA terms, although at least running on the Windows Mobile 2003 platform means that there's plenty of potential add-on software out there to bolster the phone's capabilities. The trick there, however, will be making sure that you can control said software via the tiny joystick, as the IIm offers no touchscreen capabilities, unlike larger PDA-style smartphones.

Performance
There's not too much that can be said about the IIm's phone performance, as it worked well enough during our testing for both phone calls and SMS/MMS messaging. Our one complaint is a relatively minor one, in that while the phone itself supports Windows Media player, it doesn't support MP3 ring tones; quite how annoying you'll find that is up to you.

As a PDA, the IIm has some distinct drawbacks, centred mainly around the mandatory use of the joystick. It takes quite a bit of use to get accustomed to using the joystick for menu navigation, especially if you're used to touchscreen smartphones. If you're in possession of small and nimble fingers you'll have no problems with the IIm's joystick, but our rather meatier digits found it irksome, especially as it's all too easy to hit the function buttons above it by accident when scrolling upwards. There are also some applications, such as the normally highly addictive Jawbreaker, that work very poorly through a joystick interface."
"""Mainly, the New Israel Fund supports groups that work to ensure that Israel remains a democracy, and it surely represents American Jewish values of tolerance, pluralism and diversity, as well as support for Israel as a Jewish state.  I don't think Andrew is necessarily a bellwether on this -- he's a bit too mercurial -- but as a general proposition I think Hounshell has it right. It seems as if many people in the American elite have decided that Israel is just as dysfunctional (and, sometimes, as brutal) as its Arab foes. Americans don't like intractable crises, and the Israeli government needs to understand this (it needs to understand, as well, that young American Jews are less likely to be reflexive defenders of Israel than their parents are).  At the risk of repeating myself (unavoidable on a blog, I guess), it will be risky for Israel to pull out its settlements from the West Bank, but it will be fatal for Israel to remain in the settlements, for moral and demographic reasons.

What Israel needs is a leader who will step forward and say, """"Here is the way things should look,"""" and then present an outline for the creation of a viable Palestine. The settlers will go nuts, but that's what they do. Hamas will go nuts, because that's what it does. But Hounshell is right: What is needed is a Rabin. I tend to think that Netanyahu has the potential to be this leader. Maybe it's more a hope than a reality at this point, but only someone from the right can bring the majority of Israelis to the painful compromises that are obviously necessary. And, to make the obvious point, one of the reasons this compromise is necessary is because American public opinion is one of Israel's most important battlegrounds.  Andrew Sullivan's response to Leon Wieseltier's criticism is here. I'm reading it carefully, and so I don't want to comment much at all now. I agree with Andrew that he's not anti-Semitic, as I've written. I also think that, for whatever reason, he doesn't recognize the severity of his language on Israel and Jewish matters over the past year. For instance, he doesn't seem to recognize the implications of his call for the U.S. to impose a military solution on Israel and have the American army forcibly dismantle settlements. In other words, he's opposed to military action against Iran, but he's for military action against Israel. Let me put it this way: This is not how a friend constructively criticizes Israel. And he doesn't recognize, at least from what I've read so far, that his analysis of the Middle East crisis is consistently and rather wildly one-sided. For instance, he recently wrote, """"Without a permanent cessation of such (settlement) activity, there's no way to get the two sides together. But Israel simply refuses to cooperate, as it has refused for two decades in its land-grab."""" ""
"
"Patrick is a Canadian born designer who at 19 produced his first pair of shoes for Loucas Kleanthous, a Toronto based designer.  Loucas encouraged Patrick to go to design school.  Not one to let his studies get in the way of his education, Patrick, through his partying,  made friends with Vivienne Westwood and John Galliano who were rising fashion stars at the time. Vivienne had him design the shoes for her Clint Eastwood collection in 1984 and designed the shoes for Galliano’s Fallen Angels collection in 1986 and continued to work with Galliano for six years.  I tried to find photos of those two collections but failed.    He designed the prototype for Vivienne Westwood’s shoes that tripped up Naomi Campbell on the Paris Catwalk  in 1993. 

Here are more Patrick Cox shoes for you, via PatrickCox.com. In 2008 he sold most of  his company to “Fast” Eddie Davenport because the recession hit the business hard, then in 2009 there was talk about litigation.  I hope Mr. Cox is able to salvage his company. So I have been idly watching Carey Mulligan, the  twenty five year old British actress, because she seems to have a great sense of style. (Her stylist is Tiina Laakkonen who has a good artistic eye.)  She seems to like Prada and Lanvin, but has been seen wearing other designers too.   I went back a few months to show you what she has been wearing.  She is a tiny, tiny girl, so she has to watch that her clothes don’t overpower her.  I think she has done that. October 2009 wearing a gladiator-ish studded dress from the  Prada Fall 2009  with Prada sandals.  I love the red lips.  August 2010. At the MOCA 30th Anniversary Gala wearing Prada from the Spring 2010 line,  shoes fron the same collection.  These shoes have that clear Lucite heel. This is probably the most amazing skirt around.  August 2010. At the MOCA 30th Anniversary Gala wearing Prada from the Spring 2010 line,  shoes fron the same collection.  These shoes have that clear Lucite heel. This is probably the most amazing skirt around.  February 2010 at the BAFTAs  in Vionnet dress, YSL shoes.  This is the second Vionnet dress Carey has worn.  She wore a gorgeous red dress  and nude Vionnet pumps on October 2009 for the premier of An Education in London.  Galligator told us abut this design house a few months ago.  Apparently Anna Wintour has taken a liking to Carey.  The story Carey tells is that,  ”Anna said I should wear short for the Oscars. I was like, ‘No that is so not what I had in my head when I was six years old!’ For the Oscars, she went long, even with a train. (I guess not everyone does what Ms. Wintour says.)  She wore a Prada dress with Prada sandals.   The dress got mixed reviews.  I think she looked great.  This is what she wears on her day off.  This photo was taken the day after the Oscars.  Trapeze smock, brown jersey pants and black ballet shoes.  Just the right outfit for Los Angeles.

 It will be fun to what she and Tiina decide for the Costume Institute Gala and Cannes.  It will undoubtably be beautiful."
"Y'know, listening to this and thinking back...it doesn't strike me that Alexandra Burke - a self-confessed fan of the badder boy - would be at all pleased if she bought a new dress and her fella failed to notice, would she?

I mean come on, she's a pop star. She went on a TV talent show in order to get constant feedback and praise from the British public every week. The very least she is going to expect from a man is the ability to tell her she looks hot in her new frock. That need for attention drives her every move, as it does for everyone.

Heck, even bad boys like Skepta do what they do partly because they're not supposed to and it makes people look. Or at least, they SAY they do the things they do because of that. There is a difference.

(Here's the video. Oh so THAT'S why they call you a bad boy.)

The key to talking about how much of a scallywag you are and making it appealing for everyone to listen to lies in how much fun you can make it sound. You have to know that what you're doing is not very nice, and kind of half-laugh at how ridiculous you are. It's a skill, and luckily Skepta is very much the man for the job.

Listen to him brag about treating his woman poorly. Does he sound sad about it? No. But does he sound like he thinks she deserves to be treated this way? Also no. This is very important. He kind of gets off on the fact that he's a rotten swine, but at least he knows right from wrong, and as most of it is relayed from her perspective, it's not like her feelings are being totally dismissed.

That said, ""I know she knows I know she ain't the one"" is pretty harsh. *disapproving fingerwag*

Also, this scores with me because it owes a sonic debt to Underworld's 'Born Slippy', in the chorus. That's always a good thing, but don't tell Skapta, he'll only change it or something, the shameless rogue."
"In his collection you can find the tiny Megatron or the Mini Optimus Prime or the micro Starscream.

...and of course they transform. A little cruel LEGO vignette from dbol39. He wrote that he built it for his girlfriend...hmmm don't ask me why. Maybe they broke off or I don't. But it's not to important. Let's see the vig ;) OchreJelly made an amazing LEGO sculpture of the genius Math professor Stephen Hawking. It's so realistic that I didn't need to tell you the name of the model you would instantly know who is it.

Did you know that his book ""A Brief History of Time"" stayed on the British Sunday Times bestseller list for a record-breaking 237 weeks. Wowww the proff knows something ;)  These little Pocket Monsters have left their ordinary life for a short time and took a trip to the world of LEGO bricks :)

THX to Amuzu the whole little crew is here: Pikachu, Chimecho, Hikozaru, Wurmple, and the others... Chris Deck has a tone of great Star Wars MINI Models such as an Imperial Star Destroyer, a TIE Fighter, a Death Star or a Droid Starfighter just to name a few. I brought you some of them ;) Have you ever imagined what you get when you xrays a LEGO brick or a minifg? Well Gravitation's medtech friend has been experimenting with it...These are the results: In Japan there's a TV show called Human Tetris. They get bored with playing tetris on the PC, so they play it now in another way (here is a video to see how exactly).

UniqueBuilder got inspiration after watching the show and built this nice LEGO vignette. Guys at BattleBricks.com built a LEGO NXT robot that plays a video game called Wii Bowling. Check out the video to see the robot in action. If you like this little digital mechanism and want to have a same one, here you can find the instructions for building it. "
"Working for hours on end with a computer is now a fact of life. Whether it's an aspect of your work or whether you use computers just for fun, there are certain risks involved with prolonged computer use. This simple 7 point checklist will help you recognize and avoid the most common problems:

C ontact stress
O rganisation
M onotony
P osture
U ncomfortable environment
T etchiness
E xercise Contact Stress and Computers
Contact stress refers to the pressure that is put on different parts of the body whilst in a relatively fixed position. Wrist and hand problems are common with computers. For example, 'floating' your hand over the mouse for long periods leads to strain on the ligaments in the back of the hand and the wrist. The sensation is not unlike gripping a pen for long periods. Leaning wrists against hard surfaces such as the edge of the desk leads to similar problems."
"In recent years, cyber gangs have been careful to spread their operations across multiple Internet service providers, a tactic that makes it much harder for law enforcement and security administrators to track organized crime activity.  But new research shows that gathering data from various places, including anti-malware and anti-spam companies and phishing blacklists, makes it possible to identify dense clusters of ISPs that that appear to be overly tolerant of malicious activity. This pattern was particularly evident in Eastern Europe and the Middle East. Researchers from Indiana University at Bloomington and the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge, TN, compared the data from a variety of sources that measure ISP reputation from different perspectives.   Security organizations tend to measure online threats differently depending on their geographic location and focus. The study includes information on phishing websites from Phishtank.com and the Anti-Phishing Working Group; botnet data from the Shadowserver Foundation; spam data from Indiana University, Spamhaus, SURBL, and Support Intelligence; and malware hosting stats from organizations such as CleanMX, eSoft, and Malware Patrol. Craig Shue, a cyber security research scientist at the Oak Ridge National Lab, said the group agreed not to name the hosts and ISPs they determined were malicious in return for a look at the different data sets. Shue's employer, as well as several organizations that contributed data, were concerned about being sued for criticizing particular ISPs. 
"
"IDEO’s Bill Moggridge made a comment last week after a screening of Objectified that hit close to home. To paraphrase, he said interaction design has become pervasive, that anyone and everyone can be an interaction designer, and so the role of professional interaction designer is (or is becoming) unnecessary.

So, is Interaction Design a dead-end job?

As an expertise, no. But as a discrete service offering or a career path, I say absolutely.

This position has not made me any new friends around the office, but to be clear, I'm not suggesting our profession is akin to flipping burgers at the mall. Instead, it's that interaction design has reached a point of maturity where growth is constrained. I see three major factors behind this and hope that by acknowledging them we can find a way forward.
1: Developers get it
The practice of ""interaction design"" grew from the need to present software experiences to users in a way that makes sense, meets their needs, is consistent and coherent and ""usable"" and ultimately desirable. Other actors in the creation of software, from senior management to product managers to developers, had little exposure to these values nor the abilities to deliver on them.


The landscape is much different today. Developers have a much stronger sense of ""good"" and ""appropriate"" interactions. Entire development methodologies revolve around delivering value to users by understanding their needs. There are many developers and development-driven organizations with little or no professional Interaction Design involvement making good software.

Modern development frameworks provide a strong baseline for producing interfaces and interactions that in the past required a skilled interaction designer to realize. On iPhone, for example, while it’s certainly hard to produce great experiences, it’s just as difficult to produce bad UI. On the Web, AJAX libraries offer very usable UI patterns right out of the box and greatly reduce the custom design and coding efforts required to build good online applications.

So from the software side, as the level of interaction design awareness and quality continues to improve throughout development organizations, Interaction Designers are no longer as frequently or as heavily needed to bring a successful product to market.
2: Interaction is not an on-screen activity
Another factor is the emergence of more direct input and feedback mechanisms in today’s software-enabled devices. Interaction designers are vital to help translate between human and computer when interfaces are composed of virtual abstractions with no corresponding physical affordances to aid comprehension. As software manipulation becomes more ""natural,"" the work of designing appropriate interactions moves from the screen out to the device as a whole.


Design of physical devices has traditionally been the purview of industrial designers, a profession with its own long history of considering context and user needs to design products driven by and responding to user interaction. And industrial design education today can include much of the same user-centered design training familiar to interaction designers.

So from the hardware side, Interaction Designers are encroaching upon an established discipline with deeper roots and a better understanding of physical materials and human ergonomics."
"Chris - is having a nice Friday afternoon relaxing on the XBox and then he might have to do some planning for his girlfriend Sophie's birthday next week. He also has to cook for his friends - one of whom is a vegetarian, then tonight he'll be watching the Sport Relief coverage on BBC1 from 7pm and his Quiz Night on Channel 4

Dave - will be heading west to Pembrokeshire, specifically Haverford West, where he, Dom and Aled will be playing all the hits tonight

Dom - as above

Aled - as above, but he's being picked up by his Mum and Dad (who have to travel 60 miles)

Tina - is going to her friend's welcome home party; she's been working in India for the past year

Matt Fincham - is filling in for Rachel today and then tonight is going clubbing with some friends CHRIS - is off to see Alice In Wonderland with his girlfriend

DAVE - is finishing off a lot of work and then he'll be going high diving with Fearne Britton*

DOM - is presenting the Oddbox today and then might be ringing up a local radio station

TINA - is undecided

ALED - has a meeting in work with the new Rachel (Sam) and Matt, and then he's going to see his trainer

MATT - is filling in for Rachel for the next two days as she's off in Copenhagen to give a speech about radio

* this might not be actually happening Chris - is having a meeting with Executive Producer Piers about some important bits and bobs and then he'll be celebrating St Patrick's Day

Rachel - is up to lots of work in the office and then she's getting ready to go to do a talk at the Copenhagen European Radio Conference

Dave - is doing assorted jobs, celebrating St. Patrick's Day and then having lunch with Steve Brookstein*

Aled - is working on a presentation, going to playlist, having a sleep and then having a surprise evening for his other half's birthday

Tina - is going out for lunch with the girls as it was cancelled yesterday and then she's looking into getting some singing lessons

Dom - is playing volleyball with Alexandra Burke* and then presenting the lunchtime Newsbeat programme; he also needs to recover from the football yesterday.

* These things might not be actually happening"
"AOL Inc. has just launched KitchenDaily, a new food property that adds yet another culinary site to its existing portfolio of AOL Food and the blog Slashfood.

“KitchenDaily is designed to help busy home cooks, moms in particular, make smart, informed decisions about food and cooking while also helping to instill confidence in their abilities in the kitchen,” said Stephanie Dolgins, senior vice president, AOL Women’s and Lifestyle Group, in a press release. “We aim to offer real food for real life and want our audience to know they don't have to sacrifice quality and nutrition for speed. Our extensive video series shows our experts making healthy and inexpensive dishes in the same amount of time it would take to get a pizza delivered to their door.”

The site features partnerships with a number of food personalities, including writer Mark Bittman, chef Marcus Samuelsson, and Gail Simmons of Food & Wine and ""Top Chef.""

Cheryl Brown, formerly of Gourmet magazine, is editor-in-chief, and Megan Steintrager, formerly of Epicurious.com, is senior editor. Gourmet food editors such as Kemp Minifie, Ruth Cousineau and Gina Marie Miraglia Eriquez have also been tapped to run the site."
We actually haven't seen any official shots of the Office apps for Windows Phone 7 Series, but now that Microsoft's emulator has been hacked and unlocked, we've got a glimpse of what creating a Word doc in OneNote looks like -- and while there's a high probability that this a super-early version of the app, it's still revealing in how drastically minimal it is. Microsoft says most people just want to make minor edits and leave comments to Office docs while on the go, not make large edits with copy and paste, so we'd expect to see track changes in the final version, but something tells us the main interface isn't going to look tremendously different than this. One more shot and the video with Word after the break -- hit the source for the second vid with Excel.
"Sales & IT have a lot in common. The thing that you learn from sales and can take back into the IT world is that every customer is different. Every customer has a unique set of challenges in terms of how you communicate, how you work with that individual company or customer.

To be an effective CIO leader, you must understand the different parts of the various groups you serve. The way you speak to the head of sales is different from the way you speak to the head of operations, the CFO or the head of R&D. In order to be effective leading IT, business transformation and change, you have to understand what various leaders are trying to do within their own business area, align with that, and then communicate the value that IT brings.

If you start talking to the head of sales about IT or operational metrics, they’ll glaze over very quickly. If you go in talking to them about how am I going to help you drive sales, how am I going to help you drive sales productivity or lead management, you’ll have a much better reception than if you go in there and simply say we’re going to implement Salesforce.com and give them a project plan. You need to show them you understand their challenges as well as the value proposition of what IT can bring.

Where a lot of IT guys get hung up is they talk about “the data center is up 7/24” and “I’ve got five nines reliability” or “I can role out projects…” But you know what? That’s a commodity these days. The real value that you have is where you understand a business unit and its key metrics. I’ll just take a real simple example: If you’re going to roll out a CRM project, the sales team, in general, is looking for… well, they’d say it’s really about lead management, it’s about getting my contacts in a single database, it’s about making my day easier. No it’s not! It’s about sales productivity and driving revenue."
"The 1980s fashion revival is coming to a close. But the revival on earlier periods, particularly from the 1930s and 1940s, remains popular. So what to do then with the military fashion trend which has proved the stalwart of fashionisers' wardrobes for the past 2 years? Evolve it. Play down the over-the-top glam pieces taken directly from the 80s, and infuse the historical military look with something far more classic, far more relevant to 2010 fashion. Introducing the Autumn (Fall) / Winter 2010 evolution of the men's military clothing trend. The military shape always has been a fashion driven trend for the colder months; but for Autumn (Fall)/Winter 2009-2010 designers such as Gareth Pugh, Alexander McQueen, John Galliano and Burberry have modified and transformed the combat uniform from the past to the now. Gareth Pugh, with one of the most unusual menswear collections for A/W 09-10 has brought inspiration from the likes of German officer overcoats from the Second World War to the metal chain mail suits that were worn under suits of armour. Movies can also be seen as a heavy influence in Pugh's A/W collection with feathers for shoulder decoration as inspiration from The Crow including the Gothic ripped trousers and black boots and the metallic body combat suit, a similar cut to Christian Bale's costume in Equilibrium. A few short years ago tailored shorts for men were bang-on-trend; we were moving firmly away from the 1990s and a refined cut of short promised a comfy, distinguished, yet wholly less casual look. They didn't make it big everywhere, a bugger to find in Australia I ventured off to Harvey Nichols in Knightsbridge for my navy pair from Paul Smith and they've worn beautifully. But for the gent wanting an updated look for their Spring/Summer 2009 wardrobe where to from here? I've spotted this a few times in our street style coverage, and the latest instance comes from Sweden; men pinning their blazers together either as a feature or to give an even slimmer fit. There aren't all that many fashion accessories for men when one considers the sheer volume that exist for women. And of those that do exist, quite often you find that they're heavily associated with a sub-culture or movement that you're simply not interested in associating yourself with. Brooches for men are, however, one of the few men's accessories which can cross the sub-culture divides, are perfect for both Spring/Summer and Autumn (Fall)/Winter seasons, and are slowly making a come-back. Men's fashion trends are few and far between; yes, a lot of women's trends are eventually adapted to the men's market, but if 2010 men's hair trends prove anything it is that classics will always rule when it comes to men's fashion. Unsurprisingly it's no different when it comes to men's suits. Mark my words, Deep-V T-shirts are going to be the bane of men's fashion trends in Spring-Summer 2009.And no, it's not the Viagra. Not that I use it, but if you want some for kicks, give me a call, I know a guy who knows a guy who lives in Springvale. I'm kidding. Anyway if you may have noticed, this colour has been slowly sneaking its way onto the catwalks the last two winters - bright blue that is. Actually, I'm not even sure what hue they're using.
"
"Periodically, I am accused by Hat Blog readers of not being focused enough on my core business. These people argue that I write too much about general ecommerce issues, the Internet, restaurant or book reviews, and the like. The message is ""give me more about hats.""

Okay, I hear you. My resolution this year is to refocus squarely on our products. I’ll be attending more trade shows around the world, visiting factories, adding hats and vendors to our web site. We’ll add more hat related content too; hats are a never ending story (past, present, and future).

Most importantly, I’ll be adding my two-cents to the design team. In fact, I have already begun. The more heads that are thinking about our products - styling, materials, trimmings, sweatbands, workmanship particulars, size and fit, etc. - the better. Bruce Zales (Jaxon designer) Susan Lee (sur la tete designer) and their assistants do a stellar job, but every additional person attending to this most fundamental aspect of our business brings a different perspective. Our customers come from every walk of life, are every age, live on all parts of the planet, and are both men and women. So, the more diverse our buyers and designers, the better and broader our selection will be. And, there was a time that I did this job essentially myself, so getting back to this indispensable work is something I am very comfortable with. I am enjoying getting ""back to the future"".

Here are a couple of hats that I’ve recently brought to the party: 1. The Dario Panama Hat: This genuine Panama hat body is hand woven in Ecuador. These unblocked, bigger than usual hats (3 ¾ inch brims) are then sent to Germany where the venerable Mayser Hat Company blocks and finishes the hat to our quality specifications. Quantities are very limited. 2. The Tyrolean Dreispitz: A classic hat that is an icon for the Alpine region of Europe. Dreispitz in German translates to tricorne which refers to the three dents in the crown. 3. The entire Hills Hats of New Zealand line. There are more. Keep checking our New Hats for Men and New Hats for Women pages.

Thanks to those readers who have asked for more hats, more hat information, more hat images, more hat blog postings. You asked for it, you got it. [That used to be Toyota’s slogan - not so good these days (uh-oh, I need to stay focused on my task).] "
"Seeing as there is a dry, sunny day unfurling right outside my window, Spring can't be far away, and with it the long rumored Netflix Instant Streaming functionality creeps ever closer to Wii owners, and yes, by owners I mean me.

Truth be told, this functionality is far more than a rumor. It was in fact confirmed on the Netflix Blog back in January. Also, of course Netflix streaming is nothing new, having been available for a good long while via computer and a pretty wide array of devices, including Wii competitors Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. The question has got to be though, why did this take so long? After all, with literally millions of Wiis having been sold across a very mainstream demographic in less than four years, Nintendo's device would seem the perfect hardware target. It might be that Netflix was bound by exclusivity agreements in these earlier deals, or perhaps it is that Nintendo didn't see video functionality as worth its time, considering the Wii's modest processing power, the overall limited number of titles available via the service and/or that they would not have total control. Along with possibly a little arrogance on Nintendo's part, all of these are fairly valid possibilities. What is certain though is that a large number of Netflix subscribers use the streaming service, not to replace the mail-based primary Netflix service, but as a supplement to it. Myself, I have an Xbox 360 in one room and a PS3 in another, both set up for streaming. Like the PS3, Wii owners will need a free Netflix-supplied disc that must be inserted into the drive in order to stream content. (A Netflix unlimited account of any level and a broadband connection are also required) The disc-in method is much more clumsy than those utilized by the other devices, which either were manufactured with Netflix streaming in mind or were patched with a software updates. Using the PS3 as an example, it is doubtless true that the disc method both adds a little noise to the viewing experience and uses more energy. The Wii is very energy efficient and pretty quiet though, so there should be few issues. In addition, perhaps Nintendo will get a clue and add a Netflix channel to its Wii functionality, which could eliminate the need for a disc down the road. Until then a disc will do fine."
"Jane McGonigal has an epic idea: Use the power of online gaming to help save the world. How? Channel the same concentration and focus that people put toward succeeding in games like World of Warcraft into efforts to solve real-world challenges like hunger, climate change and obesity. That last one means we can't spend all of our time in front of a keyboard and mouse. Her game is called ""EVOKE.""

It's an online, 10-week series of missions and quests that takes its name from an African proverb: ""If you have a problem, and you can't solve it alone, evoke it.""

McGonigal's game seeks to empower people in Africa and around the world to come up with creative solutions to urgent social problems.

It's collaborative. Players accomplish each mission by uploading blog posts, photos and video. Other players can offer encouragement and extra game powers.

It's all done inside a graphic novel, set in the year 2020, about a secret group of African problem solvers."
"""The feeling of boredom that apparently never bothered them before. Its even more apparent in those that have moved away temporarily with no friends or family. Its like they are on a summer break from school. Only difference is the time of summer break is too long or short depending on the individual in question. They seem to be bitten by the summer vacation syndrome. To understand this better, roll back that memory film and pause it during your school days. Summer time was what every one eagerly awaited. But which then started to drag towards the middle and then felt like should never end near the end. No schools. No work. Just relaxation and play. But everyone had a different summer. Some visited their relatives. Some spent days with their friends. Some even attended summer camp. Anything different from the routine of classes. But then sometimes friends traveled when you wanted to play. You got stuck with relatives that annoyed you. Some dreaded that summer camp that they would be attending without friends and no family.
As we grew older the classes became longer and the vacations shorter. We became used to spending time in
the classroom. We enjoyed it actually. So much so that during vacations we missed the countless pointless hours spent with friends. Though you could meet them, it just wasn't the same. Those who genuinely liked work got bored out of their minds. But most generally realised the classroom was the best place to hang out ;). Then vacations just became about catching up on pending things in personal life or catching up with relatives who by now had become less and less frequent equations in your schedule. Then you go onto work and there are no vacations anymore. Its just work, family and friends. But then some of us get that summer vacation. We get sent away from family and friends. Just like that summer camp when we were kids. Its still the same feeling irrespective of your considerable gain in life experiences, its still something that will benefit you but you would rather stick with friends back home. Its still something that presents new opportunities to learn to grow but which also carries the potential of being friendless and boring. But our mind by now is hardwired on how to handle summer vacations. We develop hobbies to spend our time. Make new friends. Just like that summer camp when we were kids. We find things to do that we hang onto for rest of our lives. Sometimes we bump into friendships that too last forever long. But just like summer camps, these phases in life end too. So if you are one of the people who are waiting for it to end it will end sooner than you know. Those who actually flourish in a summer camp situation, well this one is better because it does not need to end like the camps from your childhood. Now onto my second day, it was time to actually enter a few buildings. I already had a lot of outdoor time when it was nice and sunny on my first day.""
"
"Todd Haynes, who has already mastered this genre with Far From Heaven, directs and has adapted James M Cain’s novel. Sounds intriguing — and it’s also proof of Winslet’s ability with mature roles. Crawford was 41 when she got her Oscar; Winslet is just 34.

He’s been dead for 30 years now, but Alfred Hitchcock is currently the most fashionable of all film directors.

In Shutter Island, Martin Scorsese clearly tips his fedora to Hitch repeatedly. The Ghost Writer, directed by Roman Polanski, another devotee, positively throbs with Hitchcockian suspense. On April 2, to mark the 50th anniversary of its release, Universal re-releases Hitchcock’s suspenseful horror classic Psycho.

Also released that same day is the curious Double Take, which uses archival footage of Hitchcock (mainly from the set of The Birds). This filmed essay relates a (dubious) story of a meeting with his double, and pauses to contemplate the Cold War, paranoia in modern life and TV commercials from the Sixties. Playful, elusive and mysterious, it’s directed by Belgian Johan Grimonprez. One feels Hitch would have approved.

Could silent film, like 3D, be about to enjoy a surprising comeback? It’s entirely possible. One of the spring’s coolest events is a tour of that creepy expressionist masterpiece The Cabinet of Dr Caligari (1919). It will be screened in 11 cities (starting in Bath tomorrow) between now and early May.

The twist is that a “re‑scoring orchestra” has composed a soundtrack, and play live at all the screenings. They sound unmistakably modern, but capture the film’s disturbing mood perfectly.   Sad news about Kate Winslet’s marriage break-up last week – yet in the wake of The Reader and Revolutionary Road, her ability to snag juicy film parts remains undimmed.

She has taken the title role in Mildred Pierce, a remake of one of the greatest “women’s pictures”, which earned Joan Crawford an Oscar in 1945. This time round, it’s a multi-part series for HBO, with Winslet cast as the single mother with huge ambitions for her ungrateful daughter (Evan Rachel Wood). "
"Although Kazakh, he addresses us in Russian, confirming our worst fears. Despite attempts to infiltrate this country's Soviet-era bureaucratic system, we never registered our passports. Ironically, it's only now we're leaving that this archaic system acquires a statuesque importance, and it's a ""big problem"". Our entreaties in feeble Russian for leniency fall on deaf ears. ""I speak to immigration police,"" comes the unyielding reply.

""Surely there's a way we can resolve this now?"" Central Asian border posts are notoriously corrupt; here's an occasion when this could actually favour us. ""Is there a fine we can pay?""

The angular features vacate their utilitarian casing. ""Wait here!"" We're left in the narrow passageway where foot traffic lurches between Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, entrusted to a young, scrawny soldier who's eager to practise his English.

The three of us stand and wait, jostled amid the constant flow of leathery old women carting frail-looking wooden wheelbarrows of watermelons and jute. In the chaotic sea of cross-border traffic, we've become the flotsam of no-man's land.

As the minutes, then hours, pass, we appeal to our chaperone's humane side, sharing cigarettes before tossing them into the open gulley running alongside us. We tell him where we're from, where we're going, how much we've loved Kazakhstan.

""I think it's better for everyone if we resolve this problem here, no?"" I offer tentatively.

Yellow teeth grin. ""Yes.""

""Perhaps your boss can help us?""

""Maybe. In Kazakhstan it's very difficult."" He's eager, but noncommittal.

Eventually, the saturnine boss summons me into an office, warily looking over his shoulder. He calls in our protector, but insists my girlfriend stays outside. This is ""man stuff"".

Preliminary small-talk accompanies threats to deport us. I nod, indicating my appreciation of this grave situation, and try my luck again. ""But surely we can resolve this here?""

Nervously glancing at the door, the boss shuffles his heavy frame in his inadequate chair. ""We can register your passports now. But you must pay big fine.""

Bingo. ""How much?""

He indicates that I should accompany his acolyte to a more secretive room. Evidently, while it's OK for the chief to profit from a healthy bribe, it's not the done thing for him to participate in the negotiations. I follow my new friend into an even dustier office, littered with computer cadavers and paperwork from glasnost days.

""What currency?"" I whisper conspiratorially once we're alone, but I'm not quiet enough: ""Dollars!"" bellows the boss – he's listening through the door.

My friend opens the bidding at $100, I offer $20. We soon agree on $50. Fortune is kind and I have the right note in my wallet – getting change would be inconceivable.

""Vam spa-seeba!"" Stony features betray a Machiavellian grin as I deposit the bill into his top drawer. Minutes later, we're through. "
"Each chart takes an array passed into its data property. For Line and Bar charts, this is an array of Numbers. These two charts are set to autoScale = true by default. But you can set that to false and provide minimum and maximum values. Set showScaleLabels to true to show the max and min values in labels off to the left as in the examples. The labelPrecision property can be used to determine how these are rounded off if necessary. The Bar Chart’s bar colors can be specified with barColor, and the Line Chart’s lines can be customized with lineColor and lineWidth.

In the Pie Chart, you can also pass an array Numbers to data, or you can pass an array of Objects, where each object has a value property, and optionally a label and color property. If no label is provided, the value is used as a label, rounded off again using labelPrecision. If you don’t want any label, pass in an empty string. If no color is provided, each pie slice will use predetermined color values. You can also pass in an array of color values to the colors property to use those instead. If you run out of color values, random colors will be assigned. Sorting of your data needs to be done manually, if you want the slices to appear in order of size. By default, the first slice starts at an angle of zero degrees. You can change this with beginningAngle, which is in degrees. There is no limit to the number of slices you can have, but too many will make the labels overlap. And more than that, you won’t even be able to see the smaller slices. There is no consolidation or hiding of tiny slices. That’s up to you to handle by tweaking your data first."
We’ve added a new cartoonist to cagle.com, Omar Abdallat from The Addustour newspaper in Jordan.  I’m sure Omar’s cartoons will make some of our readers angry as he often draws bloodthirsty-monster-Israel cartoons, which is common fare for cartoonists in Arab countries - but unlike some Arab cartoonists, Omar draws on other subjects too, and he has a nice style that our mostly American audience can easily understand.  (It isn’t easy to find foreign cartoonists that our American audience can understand!) I just got back from a cool editorial cartoonists conference in Colombia last week. I’m an editorial cartooning wonk and it was great fun to go to a conference where I didn’t know the cartoonists. In fact, the Colombian political cartoonists rarely get together themselves and it was interesting for them to meet each other. Bogota is a huge city of about 8.5 million people, full of universities and libraries and a thriving community of cartoonists. Colombian politics are crazy, bloody, complex and difficult for me to digest in just a week of cramming. Colombia is the second biggest country in South America and the third largest recipient in the world of US foreign aid, because of all the drug issues there. The US State Department brought me to Colombia on a speaking tour to attend the conference as the only American cartoonist.
"Luxury SUVs have become such a common sight that the notation for the 2010 Acura MDX on our schedule didn't raise much interest around the office. But then we saw the thing. Rather than the somewhat delicate, beak-nosed vehicle of the past, this one's squarish stance and big air scoops made it look like a hardened criminal.

OK, an exterior styling update. Fine. But Acuras have always seemed like upscale Hondas, never embodying the real luxury found in competitive brands such as Mercedes-Benz or BMW. We got in the cabin expecting to find the usual midlevel cabin appointments, but were instead greeted with beautiful wood-grained trim elements and thick leather seats.

Facing us in the center of the dashboard was the usual Acura controller, a large knob that works as a joystick and dial, surrounded by buttons with an LCD above. We weren't thrilled to see the same old maps on the navigation system, strictly 2D with somewhat jaggy resolution showing on street names.


Acura's stack looks cleaner in the MDX than in previous generations.

Given that Acura uses an in-dash hard drive for the navigation system, we can't imagine these older generation maps take up a whole lot of space. Twisting the big knob around to delve into the navigation system's menus, we found the latest Zagat listings for restaurants and one of our favorite features, a database of scenic drives, listed by state.

Entering a destination into the system proved as easy as ever, the proximity of the knob to the screen making inputs seem nearly as direct as using a touch screen. Maneuvering the MDX out onto the route it calculated, we noticed the traffic flow and incident information overlaid on the maps, and dug into the settings to ensure that the car would dynamically change the route when bad traffic cropped up.

The navigation system guided us through city streets, its route guidance enunciating street names, and the MDX proved very drivable. In the madness of downtown streets, where random double-parked cars and road construction require quick lane changes, the MDX's light steering and responsive low-speed acceleration helped us jump the car from lane to lane.

Further assisting quick maneuvering was the MDX's blind-spot detection, which lit up an icon at the base of the A-pillar when it detected a car in the lane next to us. Given the high sides of the MDX, cars in the next lane were often completely invisible. Blind-spot detection is one of our favorite safety features, and it is nice to see Acura employing it in the MDX.


This icon in the A-pillar lights up when a car is in the MDX's blind spot.

During this excursion we had the suspension in Comfort mode, which made it feel like we were driving a waterbed. The car moved along with a slow motion wallow, softening the ride and absorbing the bumps and pits mining the asphalt.

Power on
At a freeway onramp, we hit the gas hard to see how the MDX handled acceleration at the top end. Here, the 3.7-liter V-6 brought its 270 pound-feet of torque to bear, spooling up the car and engine speed, reaching toward 6,300rpm where the horsepower peaks at 300. This engine isn't the most high tech compared with what other automakers are offering, but it does have Honda's VTEC valve timing.

At freeway speeds, the suspension didn't hunker down, and we were still left with the soft wallow. But it didn't adversely affect the handling, either. The steering had the usual slack built in for an SUV, allowing for effortless driving. Since the beginning of this drive, we were eager to push the button on the console that would put the suspension into Sport mode, but restrained ourselves in the interests of testing the comfort setting completely.

We left the transmission in its standard drive mode, too, holding off on using its sport setting until we found an appropriate road. But flicking the paddle shifters on the steering wheel, we noticed the gear indicator showing 6. Acura has finally caught up with the rest of the world, installing six-speed transmissions. At 70 mph, the engine hummed along at a little under 2,000rpm, which should improve fuel economy.

The EPA rating for the MDX is 16 mpg city and 21 mpg highway, not particularly great numbers, but the vehicle does have third-row seating. In our driving, which combined city, mountain roads, and the freeway, we came in at 17.6 mpg. "
"Felt is a mass of wool and/or fur. It is not woven, but rather pressed and manipulated in a centuries-old process using heat, water, and pressure to create the strongest, smoothest, most water-resistant natural fabric known. Legends abound with regard to its origin. Some claim that St. Clement (the patron saint of felt hat makers) discovered felt when, as a wandering monk, he filled his sandals with flax fibers to protect his feet. The moisture and pressure from pounding feet compressed the fibers into crude, though comfortable felt. Others suggest that Native Americans or ancient Egyptians discovered felt by way of fur lined moccasins or camel hair falling into sandals. In fact,, none of these ""firsts"" is first as scraps of felt have survived since the Neolithic era, 9,000 years ago, making it the oldest form on cloth. [One theory postulates that felt was ""discovered"" many times and in many parts of the world because its popularity has risen when societies have become poor, cold, and agrarian. As each society became more urban and advanced, felt making subsided or disappeared.]

To the hat industry, whoever invented felt is not as important as the fact that felt hats function well. Hats made of felt are durable, comfortable, and attractive. Felting has evolved to an art in hat making. Each manufacturer closely guards his exact felt making process and formula. I’ve come to understand over the years that what constitutes a good felt hat can be a matter of opinion or taste. For example, the stiff and meaty felt associated with a high quality American western hat is much different than the supple and light fine felt material associated with European hat making. (Think Stetson versus Borsalino.) Both felts require quality pelts and skilled craftsmanship, but with much different objectives.

Not only do the materials (wool, hare, beaver, nutria, etc.) used to make felt vary, but a host of considerations inform the outcome. Some hats are made to be protective and therefore the felt is stiff and heavy. The bowler, in fact, was made for a game warden in 1850 who wanted protection while chasing poachers on horseback. Cowboy hats function similarly . On the other hand, dress hats-which do keep one’s head warm or dry-are typically lighter weight and, in great part, expressions of style and taste. The finish of the felt, as distinct from its materials, can be ""silk"", or ""angora"", or ""beaver"" (not necessarily meaning that the hat contains beaver fur), or ""velour"", or ""suede"", or ""sponge"", or ""scratch"". Each finish has its own expression and associations. For example, the silk or angora finishes are typically associated with aristocrats and the top hat or homburg style.

Know that the felt hat that you are wearing or about to purchase is extremely labor intensive and is a modern day example of an ancient and venerable craft."
"Outfitted with burly outsoles, waterproof materials, and big toe guards, trail shoes are built to bring you closer to nature. As the following reviews indicate, not every trail shoe is perfect for every off-road outing. Some are built low and feature sticky treads that grip mucky footpaths and shale-strewn climbs. Others have smaller treads and thicker cushioning more appropriate for less-rugged terrain. To determine how they measure up, we analyzed each shoe at the RW Shoe Lab and tested them on the feet of more than 200 runners. We found these nine shoes to be the best for tackling the trails. WE SAY This is one of the few trail shoes with enough cushioning to handle long stretches of road and still provide sure footing on loose terrain and mud, thanks to its deep lugs. It also features a grippy edge in the heel that helps maintain traction going downhill. RW Shoe Lab tests show the shoe's heel and forefoot to be among the softest in this guide. All this cushioning results in a bulkier-than average midsole that some testers felt lifted them too high off the ground. Recommended for trail runners who frequently mix in some roads and don't want to sacrifice off-road traction.

WEAR-TESTER SAYS ""I liked the traction, but the heel felt high.""—Jenna Druver, 32, East Lansing "
"""Meanwhile, the National Geographic Society has been funding Dr. Haile-Selassie since 2005 at a new research site called Woranso-Mille in the Afar depression of Ethiopia. There his team found 4 million-year-old hominins that may help clarify a transition that occurred after Ardipithecus, the transition from Australopithecus anamensis to Lucy's species, Au. afarensis. With his impressive track record for significant discoveries and research publications, there is one thing we can be sure of—we have not heard the last from Dr. Yohannes Haile-Selassie. Today the world will witness the long-awaited roll out of Ardipithecus ramidus. And what a roll out! This new member of the hominin lineage has features that are quite unexpected because they are unlike what we see in living great apes, which share common ancestry with humans. A whole issue of Science is devoted to this creature and the work of a dedicated group of scientists who spent many years in the desolate Middle Awash project area of the Afar depression in Ethiopia. I've had the pleasure of meeting many of the Middle Awash team members over the years. Among them are many Ethiopians who started their careers in the Middle Awash more than 15 years ago as bright, dedicated students. Now they are PhDs who are spread throughout the world at prestigious institutions making significant contributions to science, not the least of which are the many papers being announced today concerning the anatomy and environment of Ardipithecus ramidus. Buried in these scientific papers is a significant mention that may pass right by many readers. In the paper entiltled """"Ardipithecus ramidus and the Paleobiology of Early Hominids,"""" the authors mention how in the early 1990s, after much looking, they were only finding scrappy bits of early human fossils at Aramis. They go on to say, however, that """"... on 5 November 1994, Y.H. S. collected two hominid metacarpal fragments (ARA-VP-6/5001a and b) from the surface of an exposed silty clay..."""" Those hand bones were the first bits found of what would become the substance of much of today's press announcement—the most complete skeleton of an adult early hominin since the discovery of Lucy, the australopith, in 1974. Who is its discoverer, Y.H.S.? It was none other than Yohannes Haile-Selassie, one of the Ethiopian students I mentioned.
Meanwhile, the National Geographic Society has been funding Dr. Haile-Selassie since 2005 at a new research site called Woranso-Mille in the Afar depression of Ethiopia. There his team found 4 million-year-old hominins that may help clarify a transition that occurred after Ardipithecus, the transition from Australopithecus anamensis to Lucy's species, Au. afarensis.  With his impressive track record for significant discoveries and research publications, there is one thing we can be sure of—we have not heard the last from Dr. Yohannes Haile-Selassie. That was 1994. Now Haile-Selassie is well known in the paleoanthropological community for another discovery and report—that of Ardipithecus kadabba, a hominin that lived over one million years earlier than Ar. ramidus.  He and his colleagues first reported on this species in 2001 and a second report followed in 2004.""
"
"Off he heads, leaving behind his still-doting wife (Leslie Mann) in Texas, making for Miami where he falls for a handsome chap called Jimmy (Rodrigo Santoro) whom he showers with extravagant gifts he can’t afford. Eventually, the police catch up with him and he’s sent to jail where he falls even more madly for young, softly-spoken Phillip (Ewan McGregor).

They will, he vows, never be apart. Even if that means, upon being released, pretending to be a lawyer to get his lover out of jail, blagging a job as a high-ranking financial executive to fund an opulent life for the two of them, upon being sent back to jail conning medics that he’s dying of AIDS the better to effect an escape plan.

He’s outrageous.

Yet, unlike Matt Damon’s serial deceiver in The Informant!, he doesn’t seem sad or pitiable. If he’s a monster, he’s a charming one. Perhaps he’s in the grip of a compulsion. Perhaps his desire to be and do everything for Phillip marks him as a power freak.

It’s hard though not to envy his energy and guile. After all, when you love someone don’t you move heaven and earth to be and do everything for that person? This isn’t a satire or a cautionary tale: it’s one of the most romantic, most inspiring films of recent years.

What makes it especially arresting is its frankness. It’s more queer than gay, avoiding the tragic homosexual themes of Brokeback Mountain, the stylised melancholy of A Single Man, or the activist agenda of Milk. When Steve tells Phillip he’s taken up golf, his immediate response is: “Golf? You’re a homosexual!”

There are scenes that depict kissing, sweatiness, and post-fellatio banter into all of which Carrey and McGregor, though they don’t seem 100 per cent compatible, throw themselves whole-heartedly.

That whole-heartedness has its drawbacks. Carrey, in his best performance for a long time, still struggles to rein in his urge to over-gesticulate. And Steve’s ardour, his inability to stop fabulating, becomes wearying.

Phillip may well be a kind soul — though his character needs fleshing out — but it’s hard to imagine how, if they’d lived together for a long period, he could have put up with Steve’s hyper-ness. Then again, as this witty, engaging film proves, love has its own strange logic.  I Love You Phillip Morris begins with the opposite of a disclaimer. The words “This really happened” appear on the screen.

Then, just to make sure you know you’re in for one of the most batty and scarcely believable biopics of recent times, Glenn Ficarra and John Requa, who together wrote and directed the film, add: “It really did.” Steve Russell (played by Jim Carrey) is a conman who makes Bernie Madoff look small time. He joins the police force in order to get access to documents that will let him track down the mother who gave him up for adoption as a young child. He’s a church organist and a married father-of-two who, following a car crash, embraces fully a fact that that he’s always known: he’s gay. "
"""1973 - Pure expressive massing. This house's interior volumes strain the break free, pushing the facade to the limits of thinness. """"Ornament"""" consists of the house's own volumes, and the interplay of glass with a couple of solid facing materials. Delightful, and it must surely be awash in natural light all day long.1977 - Everything about this house screams 1960s, from the vertical wood slats to the mixed-color brick, but it evidently came down the pike about ten years later than it looks. That front entry facade is pure art! 1983 - Again, my first guess was late 1960s, perhaps a facade tacked on to an older house. Well, the facade is certainly tacked on, but the house is surprisingly new. Given the date and the strangely pretentious front elevation, one is tempted to call it a PostModern work. A split driveway (surrounding a planted island!) descends to twin single-car garages, with stairs leading up to the main entrance. Miniature grandeur, or a house with its foundations washed out from under it? You be the judge! 1978 - Another fortress in concrete, but this one succeeds beyond all expectations. This elegant house raises the primary living spaces raised up above the ground - a strategy used 70 years earlier in Frank Lloyd Wright's Robie House. Thirty years old now, but it could just as easily be brand new. I must apologize to my readers for the lack of postings lately, but you see, I've been busy getting married! Getting married (and its aftermath, and the preceding Christmas holidays) has involved a great deal of travel. Without further elaboration, have as a momentary filler some photos from my recent adventures in:
The North Shore, from Evanston on up to Winnetka, is an unbelievable assemblage of wealth. Mansion after mansion lines Sheridan Road as it winds its way up the lake. Compared to the urban hustle of Chicago just a few miles south, the area is unbelievably sylvan and tranquil.
The houses are pretty unbelievable, and there's quite a few of architectural interest, but for now, let's just enjoy the pretty colors, shall we?It's not a dazzling building, but its jumble of massing is intriguing. Each function of the building seems to have its own articulation, even its own facade material. And it's hard to fully judge a Modernist building when the windows are boarded over. The funeral home appears to have operated into 2002, before moving to a new location in Skokie. Since then it's been vacant and boarded up, with a developer planning ot turn the land into new residential development.
Given its former use, the odds of this little Midcentury piece surviving are pretty slim. As detailed in an article in Chicago Real Estate Daily, the economic slowdown is the only reason the building is still standing. Doomed along with it is this vacant turn of the century apartment house with retail in the base. I'm sure the would-be developers imagined a massive apartment/condo blockbuster building, similar to others that have gone up along other sections of Broadway in recent years. But with the scent of the money trail gone cold, couldn't some thought be given to finding a new use for this little slice of 1960s style? Much of the lot is empty land. A small outbuilding is the only structure on the northern half of this large city lot -- plenty of room for new and old to co-exist.
""
"
"Is it time to throw Leo to the lions? The Beach, in which Leonardo DiCaprio plays a backpacker in Thailand who thinks he has found a map to paradise, is going to piss off a lot of people just because he's in it. After his unprecedented Titanic splash two years ago, DiCaprio took a vacation from acting, presumably to party, but in the media he was a constant source of backlash-building fascination: all Leo, all the time. The Beach returns DiCaprio, 25, to the screen, not as the talented kid who held his own against Robert De Niro in 1993's This Boy's Life but as a Hollywood player with Titanic-size box-office clout.

DiCaprio received $20 million to play Richard in the film version of Alex Garland's 1996 cult novel about Gen X disillusionment. Wasn't Richard a Brit in the book? No problem - for Leo, you make him American. Wasn't it the plan of director Danny Boyle, producer Andrew Macdonald and screenwriter John Hodge - the British team behind the indie hits Shallow Grave and Trainspotting -- to make a low-budget film? No problem -- for Leo, you spend $50 million. Wasn't actor Ewan McGregor -- the team player behind Shallow Grave and Trainspotting -- the first choice to play Richard? No problem -- for Leo, you make adjustments.


And so The Beach comes to the screen freighted with enough Leo baggage to make the movie seem beside the point. It isn't. The Beach, for all its lapses of judgment and failures of nerve, has its strong points. DiCaprio is one of them. His Richard is a pop-culture junkie, constantly pushing the video games he plays to the next level of difficulty and living his life the same way. Traveling alone in Thailand, he checks into a Bangkok flophouse, where the night sounds include a sexy French couple -- Francoise (Virginie Ledoyen) and Etienne (Guillaume Canet) -- and a suicidal Scot named Daffy (Robert Carlyle), who rambles about a map to a perfect beach on a hidden island. The next day, Richard finds Daffy's bloody corpse and the map. Note: Daffy returns with a vengeance in dream sequences, one of which shows him and Richard gunning down tourists. Yikes."
"Boston Rapper Edan dropped psych-hop classic Beauty and the Beat in 2005. So long ago, that alot of us thought dood was a done deal. The album was so layered and textured that maybe it was impossible to follow-up.
Luckily, Traffic Entertainment broke Edan off with their back catalog of early 80’s rap, disco, funk and punk records.
This gave Edan more than enough to obessess over.

Like normally some 80’s Hip Hop throwback would make me want to vomit on the nearest nerd wearing a Jurassic 5 shirt. But there is no corny staleness on this.
The best I can describe is like this: Imagine its 1979, Hip Hop is burgeoning but you still listen to Black Sabbath. One night you smoke dust before painting a Subway Car. Afterwords, Your painting partner invites you to a park jam in the South Bronx where doods are relaying all kinds of records and chanting wild shit over a p.a. You’re buzzed off the xylene in the paint, and the joy of just doing your name big. You are faded and amped at the same time. Although you’re bugged out a little, you’re a chill bachleour. Still a royal charmer; So thru all this you pull a flygirl in tight jeans while still feeling really wavy.

There is no rapping by Edan on this. Which is however you feel. Some people think his 88 Big Daddy Kane rhymestyles are hard. Some people think it shows that he doesn’t listen to enough Freeway or Joey Jihad.

Just blends, backmasks, distorts,clavichords, kazoo’s, pedals, flanges. Echo Party keeps a fun, pleasent disorientation throughout the mix.
When he doubles up the vintage rap chants, its some thing like this: “i got a new rap. it’s all about space. i got a new rap. it’s all about space.space space space space.” then will add some other old rap shit like, ‘the economy, sucks, everyone is terrible. do you want to stay here or go to outerspace?’
Anyway. The top video is a good sampling of what the mix about. The bottom video is Edan handmaking the covers for the vinyl of Echo Party"
"""By popular request in comment threads and emails, I'll be putting together a Saturday digest of election-oriented diaries from now until November. This project emerged from the Community Power! Election Season diary written Feb. 20. Next week I'll introduce you to a couple of other Kossacks who will be joining me in running the project. Each digest will include a list of election diaries published during the previous week and categorized by region. A separate section will include diaries written in the previous week by incumbents, new candidates and wannabe candidates. (Diaries by incumbents may or may not be directly related to the coming elections.) Digests will also focus on a few tips for making diaries more persuasive, informative and written in a way that encourages everyone to read them even if they live 2000 miles away from the spotlighted contest. This week, we're talking headlines. Just as with a story in a newspaper or magazine, a headline can make or break a diary. That is, you can attract an audience or drive it away by the words and structure you choose. Crafting great headlines is something even some of the best writers never quite get the knack of, but everybody can train themselves to become better at it. Too many writers spend hours on research and writing their diaries, then slap on a 30-second headline. Spend some time at it. A good practice is to write three or four possible headlines and choose the best one. Happily for bloggers, some of the old rules from the old media – like character counts – don't apply in wwwLand. But some do. Here are 10 guidelines to think about: Headlines are bait. Instill curiosity: """"Paternity Test Demanded for Florida Abstinence Campaigner""""; """"Voters Eager to Punish Liberals, Selves"""" Conversational headlines appeal to the most readers.
• Use the active voice. Good verbs work wonders. """"To be"""" conjugations bore readers.
• There's power in humor, but serious stories suffer from overly cute headlines. Headlines with a twist of an old cliché reel in readers. But take care not to twist too far.
• Beware. Double entendres can help or hurt. """"Cops Pinch Lewd Nude"""" works; however, """"Clinton Wins Budget; More Lies Ahead"""" has problems.
• Be succinct. Short headlines are punchier and easier to read. Ernest Hemingway told a whole story once in six words - """"For sale: baby shoes, never used."""" A helluva good headline, too.
• Match the headline to the story. Don't deceive. Nobody likes being taken for a fool. If the diary is about a candidate, the candidate's and/or district's name should usually appear in the headline. DON'T WRITE HEADLINES IN ALL CAPS. Besides """"shouting,"""" they are hard to read. If it's not BREAKING! don't lie about it.
From this week's collection of election diaries, I've picked what I think are four solid headlines. But even most of them could be tweaked: Human trafficking, much of it for sexual purposes, is a worldwide phenomenon. It can be found everywhere from Vietnam to the United States. Estimates of its victims run from 4 million to 27 million, which numbers provide a window on how difficult
""
"
"By now most of us have heard this story in one fashion or another: when Steve Jobs and Apple were in the planning stages of the iPhone, the first carrier they brought the device to was America's largest network, Verizon. Even if you haven't heard how the tale ends -- Verizon refused and Jobs took his multi-billion dollar ball to AT&T -- you surely know the outcome. The iPhone has soared to become the ultimate smartphone, the must-have accessory that everyone from celebrities to your mom wants -- nay, needs -- to have in their pocket. It's changed the landscape of modern cellphones, put a serious dent in the sales of competing devices (just recently overtaking the venerable RAZR as the best-selling domestic handset), and unquestionably raised the bar when it comes to expectations for features in new handsets.

It may seem unfair to open up the review of RIM's latest BlackBerry -- the Storm -- with a history lesson on the iPhone, but if you understand the market which Verizon and RIM hope to capture, then you understand the Storm, and it helps put this critique in perspective. The Storm, a widescreen, touchscreen device boasts many of the same features as the iPhone, but adds innovations like a clickable display, and comes packed with RIM's legendary email and messaging services. Mainlined into the biggest (and some say best) network in the States, the Storm is an almost deafening blast to the competition at first glance, but does it hold up on closer inspection? Read on to find out."
"A few weeks ago a gentleman of, by his own account, more than average girth was thrown off a Southwest Air flight between Oakland and Burbank.

Unfortunately for the airline this was no ordinary gentleman but Kevin Smith, director of such classics as Clerks and Zack and Miri Make a Porno, and, perhaps more importantly, a man conversant with social media.

As he was unceremoniously removed from the flight because he was a “customer of size” and therefore a safety risk, he turned to twitter to vent his spleen.

The resulting fracas was what we in the nerdy world call a twitter storm. That is, one person is able to leverage the power of social networks to make a much bigger noise than would otherwise be the case.

Some commentators have suggested this is a new kind of customer: “a new kind of uglry customer who isn't always right but insists on his right to share his feelings with us and his right to be heard”, as one Singaporean travel industry insider put it.

Of course, this isn’t the case. There have always been Kevin Smiths, it’s just they have not been able to convey their disquiet so effectively. Now they have, at their fingertips, the ability to express and disseminate their feelings.

I’m a Kevin Smith. We’re all Kevin Smiths. We’re all capable of knowing when we’ve been discriminated against—not, in this case, because of his girth but because he was not told before he got on the plane, or when he bought his ticket, that he wouldn’t be able to fly.

We’re all Kevin Smiths, and we’ve all got the tools of Kevin Smith. Perhaps not the colorful turns of phrase, but the means.

Now I’m not blaming Southwest here, at least at the corporate level. Actually they did all the standard things to try to put out this blaze. They tried to reach him by email, by phone, and then publicly by twitter, to apologize.

They blogged about it, about their policy and the lessons learned.

But their failure was to understand that information travels much faster now. So in the crucial hours—no, minutes—after Kevin Smith was dumped off the flight there was a chance to turn all this around. "
If you somehow held off on buying a Core i7 rig as soon as they popped out last year, you're in luck -- and your poor Pentium II system is flat out of it. Just about everyone has updated their gaming desktop lines this week with an option to splurge on Intel's 3.33GHz (or more) Core i7-980X Extreme Edition processor, and iBuyPower is no different. Said PC builder is now offering the chip within four of its Paladin desktops, and given that the stock clock speed is far too sluggish for your own greedy self, the Paladin XLC V3 ships in an overclocked configuration that promises a 30 percent boost in performance over the stock silicon. The rigs also ship with 6GB or 12GB of DDR3 memory, the latest and greatest ATI / NVIDIA graphics cards, an optional Blu-ray burner and a fresh copy of Windows 7. The lowest-end rig gets going at $2,159, while the aforesaid XLC V3 will set you back $4,409; the whole gang is available to customize as we speak.
Rolling out next-generation wireless networks can be painstakingly slow and patchy at the best of times, as the U.S. deployment of 3G has shown. But IBM researchers in China reckon that shifting the signal-processing requirements from base stations into the cloud will make it cheaper and easier to upgrade networks. Ultimately, the approach could lead to wireless networks that can provide better coverage by rapidly adapting to user demand. A new architecture called the Wireless Network Cloud (WNC) marks a step away from using dedicated hardware in the radio base stations that serve wireless networks like GSM and 3G cell phone networks, says Ling Shao, senior manager of System Software and Appliances at IBM's China Research Lab, in Beijing. With WNC, the radio antennas are physically decoupled from the base stations, with the latter existing virtually, within general-purpose data centers at distant locations. All of the signal processing--the modulation and encoding of the signals to and from the physical antennas--is carried out using software radio technology, adds Yonghua Lin, manager of IBM's Next Generation Network Appliance. With multicore and multithreading techniques, it is possible to use general-purpose data centers to carry out the signal processing entirely in software, she says.
"Poor Microsoft — they must be wondering when it’s all going to end. Their browser choice screen was launched on 1 March following costly EU legal shenanigans. Statisticians then reported that the random browser display was not as random as it could be. Now the makers of Avant, Flock, GreenBrowser, K-meleon, Maxthon, Sleipnir and Slim have complained to the EU about the visibility of their browsers.

The vendors state that it’s not immediately obvious there are further browser choices beyond the initial five displayed on the choice screen: Microsoft has reiterated that the screen was in built in accordance with the European Commission’s demands.

In my opinion, no vendor will ever be 100% happy with the screen — even if Microsoft succumb to their wishes. Offering 12 browsers is slightly ridiculous and few novices will appreciate such an overwhelming choice.

What’s worse is that several of these applications have been rated as “shockingly low quality” in a recent PC Pro review. With the possible exception of Flock and Sleipner, many users could abandon their new slow and ugly browser, return to IE, and never try another alternative. That’s not what the EU wanted to achieve.

At least the top 5 browsers give users a choice of good-quality software which has been tried and tested by millions. The alternatives may have good points, but they’re less popular for a reason — and they do not offer the same level of support.

The horizontal scroll bar may not be good design, but it’s a reasonable compromise between offering everything and keeping the screen simple. I’m not convinced it should change. Are you?"
"The Plymouth County district attorney's office has found that selectmen in Rockland, Mass., violated the open meeting law in the process of hiring a full-time accountant, The Patriot Ledger reports. A town accountant search committee also violated the law. On Beacon Hill and in municipal buildings across the state, government officials are getting the message that e-mail can be a double-edged sword, writes State House reporter Dan Ring in The Republican of Springfield. ""The state's Open Meeting Law requires that meetings of governmental boards and committees be conducted in sessions open to the public, with few exceptions which are strictly limited. The goal of the law is to eliminate as much of the secrecy around discussions and decisions of public policy, by requiring that discussion to be done in a public meeting.

""Amendments to the Open Meeting Law have been made many times since it was first adopted in 1958, most recently last July when Gov. Deval Patrick signed the ethics, lobbying and campaign finance reform bill that included changes to the Open Meeting Law. The changes, some of which are substantial, are scheduled to go into effect July 1."" A former Superior Court judge in the U.S. Virgin Islands won a $240,000 libel verdict this week against the Virgin Islands Daily News. The former judge, Leon Kendall, was represented in the lawsuit by Howard Cooper, the Boston lawyer who in 2005 won a $2.1 million verdict against The Boston Herald for former Massachusetts Superior Court Judge Ernest Murphy. "
"Simply put, that was because throughout the Nineties websites had been straining at a technological leash – more sophisticated purposes, whether that meant using the web to handle email itself or just more advanced websites, were not possible with dial-up. What ADSL achieved was to utilise frequencies available within old copper wires that were not required for voice transmissions; plugging in “microfilters” to each home phone socket meant that that the two channels were effectively split into separate lines, catering to data and calls respectively. The line is asymmetric because download speeds are greater than upload speeds. Although not ideal for every purpose, that does make relatively passive, consumer browsing much more possible.

The history of the web’s development has shaped the internet, too: video conferencing, for instance, was hailed as the 'next big thing’, but simply wouldn’t work without higher upload rates. And websites have looked as they do – usually static – because the premium was on how much data would fit down each pipe. That history of pre-broadband internet continues to shape many of the websites we have today.

But as broadband access was rolled slowly out across the country, its limitations have become clearer – ideally, it only runs up to two miles from an exchange, although five is possible. And as technology has fostered cleverer websites, the need for better broadband has led to the so-called “digital divide” between the haves and the have nots.

Next week, we’ll look at the state of the broadband nation. "
"Expressed briefly, making a great wine is rather quite simple. You find the right piece of ground; you put the right grapes in; you tend them well and harvest them at the right time; and then you smash them together and nudge the product gently away from its tendency towards vinegar.

For some people, the most important step is finding the right piece of ground, and for anyone looking to start a winery, it is certainly the first step. It's really important. If you get it wrong, the rest of the stuff doesn't matter.

At least, that's the way that winemaker Robert Brittan approached it when he packed his brittan_logo.gifbags and closed the chapter of his life that might have been entitled Man Meets Cabernet: 25 Years in Napa.

Brittan first started making wine for the same reason many do: to get chicks. He was a physics major at Oregon State University, and like many in the same situation, he couldn't get a date. But one day he noticed that the guys across the hall had removed all of their furniture and replaced their couches and chairs with two important items: a Harley Davidson motorcycle and a still. They'd brew a batch of whiskey during the week, and on the weekends their room would be crawling with girls.

Brittan couldn't afford to compete with free everclear and a Harley, but the envious and enterprising young man thought he might just do one better by going highbrow: he would make wine instead. So Brittan got a 2.5 gallon glass demijohn and started fermenting everything he could get his hands on, wrapping his electric blanket around the jug to keep the fermentation going. And wouldn't you know it, the first time he actually managed to make something drinkable, he got a date.

Of course, then he had to take it to the next level. Thinking that if he made better wine, he might get better dates, Brittan took a job for a harvest in California's Central Valley, and not only learned a thing or two about how to make real wine, but discovered, as he puts it, ""an entire lifestyle that I immediately knew I wanted.""

It was 1974, and California wine was at an inflection point in its growth that would forever change the state, the country, and even the world. Some of the legendary winemakers of Napa were still plying their craft, and people like Robert Mondavi were busy convincing a generation of Americans to drink wine instead of martinis.

""It was just an exciting time to be in the wine business,"" says Brittan. ""There was the whole science aspect of it that appealed to my monkey mind, and then the creative component that felt very artistic, and then there was this lifestyle -- a way of living that wasn't about getting rich, but was about living really well.""

Brittan enrolled in U.C. Davis, and upon graduating, began his career as a winemaker, eventually ending up at St. Andrew's winery at the very southern end of the Silverado Trail in Napa. When the winery was sold, Brittan agreed to stay on for the new owner, but his heart wasn't in it. Brittan had passing fantasies of heading back north to Oregon. But then what was just going to be a casual conversation with Carl Doumani about a new vineyard that he had acquired turned into a job offer and a 16-year stint as the winemaker for Stag's Leap Winery.

But after those 16 years, Brittan found himself wanting a new challenge, and decided that he wanted to try his hand at Pinot Noir, a grape that he had flirted briefly with in his career, but never fully explored.

So in 2004, after looking as far afield as France and California's Central Coast Brittan and his wife Ellen returned to Oregon and fell in love with a windy, overgrown knoll in the McMinnville AVA (American Viticultural Area) of the Willamette Valley. There Brittan found an exposed, cold 128 acres with nutrient-poor soils that he thought would be perfect for Pinot Noir. An 18-acre vineyard had been planted, but only about nine acres was still alive and salvageable. Coddled, nurtured, and coaxed, those nine acres yielded their first wine in 2006.

The grapes are picked when Brittan thinks they're ready. He believes in the concept of physiological ripeness, but is quick to admit that the phrase has been used to the point of cliché. He tastes, and when they taste ripe, he picks. Simple as that. The fact that his grapes are lower in sugar when he picks (compared to most of his neighbors) he simply chalks up to having found ""the right piece of ground."" The grapes are crushed and given a five-day cold soak before fermentation is started. After the wines have fermented dry they are racked into French oak barrels, of which roughly 35% are new, and aged for approximately 9 months following the completion of a secondary fermentation."
Cardigans are another wardrobe must have. And they have had a bit of a comeback lately too, not that they ever really went out of style but more and more designers seem to have them in their collections. Cardigans are great if you aren't a sport jacket kind of guy or if you are feeling more casual. They are perfect for transitional weather like in spring. They come in so many styles from slim fitting and modern to more traditional. There is nothing like the feel of cashmere. And when mixed with cotton, it's equally as soft but much less expensive. This cardigan has a modern cut with a few modern touches like the contrast trim and elbow patches. This is the type cardigan that both you or your dad could wear. It's just a matter of how you wear it. I love the color. What a great cardigan to wear with jeans. Although it's a bit of a splurge, it's the kind of piece that you would could wear year round. If you are fan of argyle patterns, then you may like this cardigan. It's definitely more interesting than your average cardigan. This cardigan is definitely versatile and so soft. You could wear this with jeans and a tee or with dress pants and a button-down shirt. I am a big fan of Banana Republic for bringing us designer looks for less.
"Last night the airline, which employs a total of 13,500 cabin crew, was rescheduling some long-haul and short-haul flights which it had expected to have to cancel over the next two days of the strike, organised by Unite.

The union, which has 12,000 BA cabin crew members, hit back last night and also claimed a resounding success for its first day of industrial action and it insisted BA's contingency plans had failed.

The union said 80 per cent of its members had stood firm and that the airline had only been able to fly a third of its intended flights. It said that flight cancellations meant that 85 BA planes were parked inactively at Heathrow and a further 20 aircraft were parked at both Cardiff and Shannon airports.

Despite persistent rumours that secret talks were under way yesterday in an attempt to break the deadlock, both sides insisted that had been no fresh new negotiations and that none were planned.

The strike, the first by BA cabin crew in 13 years, went ahead after talks over pay and conditions ended in deadlock on Friday. A second wave of industrial action is scheduled for next weekend.

As the war of words escalated between the two sides yesterday, Willie Walsh, the chief executive of the airline, described the strike as a ""terrible day"" for BA. However, the company insisted: ""We continue to offer the fullest support to our cabin crew who want to work as normal.""

BA predicts that 65 per cent of passengers will still be able to reach their destination during the first three-day strike, even though a total of 1,100 flights out of the 1,950 scheduled to operate are expected to be cancelled.

BA has arranged with more than 60 other airlines to take its customers on their flights during the strike.

Tony Woodley, Unite's joint leader, accused BA of wanting a ""war"" with the union and complained that Mr Walsh had tabled a worse offer than the one withdrawn earlier.

Mr Woodley said that he had been set ""mission impossible"" because of the new offer, which included a four-year pay deal the union maintained would at best freeze wages until 2014.

It can be revealed that some female cabin staff braved the threat of intimidation by union workers to go to work as normal yesterday.

Some of those who worked had received threatening emails on Friday night, one of which read: ""If any of you go into work tomorrow, your life won't be worth living.''

A strikebreaker, who asked to be known only as Suzy for fear of recriminations, admitted she was terrified by the prospect of turning up for work as a volunteer.

""My stomach is churning. I don't know what I'm going to face. I just know I am going to be on board that plane, reassuring passengers, sorting out the seating, the food. Doing my job,'' she said.

""Usually workers – quite rightly – fear not doing what the boss asks. But we are just as frightened not to do what the union asks.''

Some cabin crew had to pass through picket lines to get to work, but there were no reports of violence. Tall screens were erected outside the crew report centre at Heathrow to protect volunteer staff from intimidation.

On the picket lines along the airport's Perimeter Road yesterday, union members shouted ""shame on you, shame on you"", at staff buses carrying those cabin crews who had decided to defy the strikes.

Some of the strikebreakers hid their identity by crouching on the floor of the buses taking them in.

There was little chaos at the major airports because most passengers had learnt in advance, by email, text or telephone, that their flights were cancelled and that they should not turn up.

Those who did were relatively relaxed. Bryan Collins, 21, a student hoping to fly from Heathrow's Terminal 5, said: ""I checked this morning and they said 60 per cent of customers would be flying today so I guess we should be OK.""

According to an opinion poll carried out in the days before the walkout, only one in four supports the action.

A survey by ICM, for BBC Radio 4's Broadcasting House programme, found 60 per cent believed the industrial action was ""unjustified"", with 25 per cent expressing support.

The research also found that more than a third (36 per cent) believed it was ""unacceptable in today's society"" for workers to have the right to walk out at all.

This newspaper has learnt that Unite plotted with foreign unions to target BA before its members had even voted for industrial action.

Union leaders briefed their overseas counterparts as early as November, urging them to lend support to its plans to ground BA flights.

Len McCluskey, Unite's assistant general secretary, told hundreds of strikers at a rally near Heathrow yesterday that ""intransigent management"" could be defeated.

""Decent men and women are terrified about speaking out about this fight for their futures for fear of reprisals,"" he said.

There was political in-fighting yesterday over the strike.

The Prime Minister has urged the two sides to resolve the dispute, but David Cameron, the Conservative Party leader, yesterday accused Gordon Brown of failing to act because Unite is ""bankrolling"" the Labour Party.

Mr Cameron said the strike threatened the very future of one of the UK's ""greatest companies"".

Addressing supporters in Putney, south-west London, he said: ""This threatens the future of one of Britain's greatest companies along with thousands of jobs.

The Tories sent a mobile advertising truck to the area around the airport carrying a poster portraying the Prime Minister in an airline uniform with Unite logos and the slogan: ""Gordon's doing sweet BA – is it because he's taken £11m of Unite's cash?"" "
"TV's master chef Jacques Pépin has gone from La Technique to le fast food.
By Bruce Cole. Published February 2005. © 7x7 Magazine/Hartle Media. All rights reserved.

If, when cleaning a leek or dismembering a chicken, you hear a distinctive, French-accented voice in your head telling you precisely what to do next, don't be alarmed. It's just Jacques Pépin-or, rather, one of his many tips you've absorbed from years of watching him on TV-floating to the surface. Starting in 1991 with Today's Gourmet, he's hosted 11 series for KQED; his latest, Fast Food My Way, premiered in October 2004. But the 69-year-old Pépin is also quite the Renaissance man (with an MA in French lit from Columbia University, no less) who, despite his Gallic upbringing and heritage, has an astute take on today's American culture-as we found out when we spoke to him by phone from his home in Connecticut.

Foie gras has been in the news, especially here in California, where a law was just passed to ban, eventually, its production. What do you think of all the hoopla?
It's a tempest in a teacup, you know. Most of the people against foie gras have never even been on a farm. If it was traumatizing in any way, it would do a lot of damage to the animal and to the liver, which would make in inedible. If you want to talk about torturing animas, go see the way they raise chickens. They blind them and cut off their beaks so they can't fight. The noise in a factory chicken farm is atrocious-this is why eggs have such a high level of cholesterol. They found out years ago that putting acoustic tiles in the room to lower the noise cut the cholesterol level by 10 to 15 percent.

You've been a proponent of sustainable cuisine-have you ever considered doing a cookbook or a TV show that features sustainable methods of raising food?
No, because for me that is just part of the equation. I use organic food when I can, but I'm not going to stop eating when there isn't any. I would have an argument with Alice [Waters] because if an ingredient is not organic, she doesn't want it. Me, I'll take a tomato if it's an extraordinary tomato, even if it's not organic, over an organic tomato that has no taste whatever. People think that because [something's] organic, it's extraordinary. I've had lousy organic food.

For years you've taught at the French Culinary Institute in New York and at Boston University. Are students these days more concerned with fame and fortune than with just learning the basics?
Oh, yes-probably one out of two are at school because they want to be a celebrity chef. They will come in for an interview and say, “Well, I'd like to do a book like you and a television show like you, so who do you think I should call?” like there is some secret number. It still gives me a shot in the arm, though, to work with students."
"An interesting juxtaposition of articles in the Arts section of the Times this morning. Emory has made some of Salmen Rushdie's papers available, including the original Mac machines on which he wrote, and there is an interesting discussion of the difficulties of preserving ""born digital"" materials. Like most archives, our own Archives & Special Collections has not begun to tackle this yet, too expensive, not enough standards, etc.

The second article concerns C-Span placing their video archive on the web. You can find the archive here. This is not about preservation, but all about access, and what incredible access. This is going straight on my politics libguide. But C-Span is actually archived at the Research Park at Purdue.  Barbara Fister, of Gustavus Adolphus, has written her usual thoughtful comments about the latest controversy concerning how we can use and sustain large shared bibliographic databases. My major concern here is how we can enable the maximum sharing and reuse of data while enabling such organizations as OCLC just enough control so that they have an incentive to continue to do the great work that we have seen over the last forty years.   Unfortunately, when I look for my daily commute, it takes me through a gated reserve that would be lovely, but illegal. The real route slightly shorter and goes along Mizell, and east, not west of Lake Mizell. But Google Maps won't let me change it, because I take a pathway, not a road for a 20 feet of the route and I bike aacross campus, not around it.

C'est la vie!  Well this is sad news. The best local independent bookstore is closing. I suppose this is a sign of the times, but is a bad sign all the same. I enjoyed riding my bike down the Cady Way Trail, around the mall, and through Thorton Park to the bookstore. I guess I just didn't do it often enough. Last time I went, in February, I bought Fernando Baez's A Universal History of the Destruction of the Book: From Ancient Sumer to Modern Iraq. But since then I have bought at least two books (new and used) on Amazon. Pogo was right, ""we have met the enemy and they is us."" "
"Until now, most of the art to come out of September 11 has been targeted to adults. A lot of it has tried to give us ""closure,"" to explain what happened to us because of the attacks. A reoccurring theme—from Jonathan Safran Foer's Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close  to Don DeLillo's Falling Man—is the difficult road to healing. If there's a literary equivalent to Remember Me, it's Claire Messud's 2006 novel The Emperor’s Children, another story about how young, spoiled, 20-somethings are affected by the suddenness of September 11, which ends the novel. But in that case, the introduction of September 11 felt over the top, like an escape from resolution rather than a natural ending point. It just didn't feel real.

That's not the case with Remember Me, which makes us grieve all over again. It shows us that no matter how horrible that day was, it should never be erased. In the immediate aftermath, it was wiped from the skyline of Spider-Manand the coffee talk on Friends. Now we have the biggest star in the tween world building a memorial dedicated to September 11. When it's taught in classrooms, September 11 is presented as a historical atrocity. The key word: historical. For those who weren't old enough to pick up The New York Times in the days that followed (like the screenplay writer of the movie, who found his inspiration in the paper's mini-obituaries of the victims of that day), the faces of the men and women who perished are simply relics from the past. Remember Me exposes a new generation to what happened in American nearly—can you believe it?—a decade ago. The title isn't a request. It's a command."
"As an English major, I'm a big believer in the idea that great books require a reader's participation. A book isn't finished until the corners are dog-eared, the margins are crammed with notes, and all the juicy quotes get underlined. When it comes to textbooks in particular, the ability to annotate text is downright necessary.

If e-books are the future of literature, e-book readers need to become just as capable of annotation and markup as their paper-printed ancestors. At least, that's the driving philosophy behind the Entourage Edge, a combination e-book reader and tablet computer that is leading the charge toward making e-book text as easy to mark, quote, and dog-ear as the real thing.

Unfortunately, though the concept is lofty, the device has a ways to go before the Kindle and Nook crowd will take notice.

Design
As a first-generation product from a new company, the Edge is a surprisingly sturdy and feature-packed device. It's also an awkward, sprawling mess.

Blame it on the times we live in, but so far, no one has been able to invent a unified touch-screen technology that combines the readability and low power consumption of electronic ink displays (used on products such as the Amazon Kindle and Sony Reader) with the vibrant colored, illuminated LCD screens necessary for even modest Web browsing or media playback. Unwilling to compromise between a quality reading experience and a quality Web and media experience, the Entourage Edge literally links together a 9.7-inch e-ink display (a Wacom touch screen), and a 10.1-inch color LCD (resistive touch screen), and assigns each screen the tasks to which they are best suited. "
"It is Christmas Day, 2009. This is the first Christmas that I have not had any contact with my parents. As some of you know, my dad died last year in September, but I still had contact with my mom. This past September my siblings felt that it was in Mom's best interest to move her into an assisted living facility.

I know that her memory was not the best, but I am not sure if it is only the short term memory. At this point my only point of contact is with my brother and he has only written to me once in the thirteen years I have been in prison, and that letter came in October of this year telling me that he had moved mom into the assisted living facility and was only writing to me because Mom told him to.

He did not tell me the address of where our mother is, saying that he would bring any letters and cards I sent to her when he went to visit her. I sent out a letter to him, including one to Mom, on November 1, and since then I have not heard anything.

This is one of the most vexing problems for a lot of people in prison: contact with family members. There is often a lot of tension, bad feelings and emotional confusion when a member of the family ends up in prison. Sometimes it is seen as a badge of honor. Sometimes there is a sense of gratitude that an out of control family member is getting the ""help"" he or she needs.

At the recent Residents Encounter Christ weekend we heard from one mother whose son was suffering from drug addiction. Since being incarcerated, he has turned his whole life around, taking every program he can get into, including college classes. His mom told us, with tears in her eyes, she is so grateful to have her son back. Even though he is still incarcerated!

That is one of the rarer success stories. It is not always the case where parents and other family members are willing (or able) to provide the very much needed emotional support for an incarcerated family member. While it is true that all our needs are supposed to be supplied by our keepers, reality presents a much different picture.

Up until this past September, I have been blessed with parents that have supported me both financially and emotionally throughout my journey as an incarcerated person. It is really up to family and friends to provide the emotional and other support that an individual needs.

Yes, we are all provided ""three hots and a cot."" But there is no way any system can provide all an individual needs. That is exactly the problem. Individual needs. The very words ""individual needs"" would be tough to put into the same sentence with the word system.

It is my opinion, backed by thirteen plus years on the inside, that one of the most common holes in an inmate's life is having his or her individual needs met. A lot of the time the problem is compounded by an inmate not even knowing what his needs are. I suppose a definition of the word need is in order."
"Not long after Amazon updated the U.S.-only version of the Kindle and replaced it with a new international Kindle model, the company followed suit with the larger Kindle DX. This new model--now called the ""Kindle DX (Global Wireless)""--runs on AT&T's network and can access content on cellular networks inside and outside of the U.S.

Aside from the switch in wireless carriers (the old DX used to be powered by Sprint, and didn't work outside the U.S.), nothing else has visibly changed--at least as far as the hardware itself goes. The 0.38-inch-deep DX is just a tad thicker than the 0.36-inch Kindle. And the Kindle DX's 9.7-inch e-ink display (1,200-by-824-pixel resolution) technically offers 2.5 times more screen real estate than the Kindle's 6-inch display. That extra screen comes at a price, both figuratively and literally, as the DX weighs almost twice as much (18.9 ounces) as the Kindle and costs $230 more, at $489.

Aside from the price, the biggest strike against the DX is a competing product from Apple. In early 2010, Apple announced that it would release the iPad, which offers a full-color capacitive touch screen that's the same size as the Kindle's monochrome e-ink screen along with a far richer feature set, including much better support for PDF and image files (the iPad also supports video playback, Web browsing, and iPhone apps). "
"Did you ever want to resize a video on the fly, scaling it as you would an image? Using intrinsic ratios for video, you can. This technique allows browsers to determine video dimensions based on the width of their containing block. With intrinsic dimensions, a new width triggers a new height calculation, allowing videos to resize and giving them the ability to scale the same way images do. See example one.
The concept

The idea is to create a box with the proper ratio (4:3, 16:9, etc.), then make the video inside that box stretch to fit the dimensions of the box. It’s that simple.
The trick

The padding property is the magic that styles a box with an intrinsic ratio. This is because we’ll set padding in a percentage, based on the width of the containing block.

The CSS rules below illustrate how to style the parent and child to create a “magic wrapper”—a container that proportionally resizes itself depending on the width of its parent. See example two. Let’s review the declarations in each rule, starting with .wrapper-with-intrinsic-ratio.

position: relative
    By declaring position: relative all child elements will position themselves in relation to this container.
padding-bottom: 20%
    This declaration gives the box a specific format. Using 20% for padding makes the height of the box equal to 20% of its width.
    We specifically chose to use padding-bottom rather than padding-top. This is because IE5 removes the “space” created via padding-top from the flow. In other words, using padding-top: 20% would create the layout we want, but the box would act like an absolutely positioned element, overlapping the next elements in the flow.
height: 0
    Specifying a height of 0 gives this element “layout” so that IE5 and IE6 will dimension the inner box properly. To learn more, visit “On having layout.”
    Note: because IE5 and IE6 treat width as a minimum width, you should not use width: 100% as a layout trigger. This causes the box to expand to fill its container rather than respect the width we set for that container. 

Now, let’s consider each declaration within our .element-to-stretch rule. Let's take a closer look at our new selectors and declarations, starting with the #containingBlock selector.

width: 50%
    This is just a wrapper to demonstrate resizing the video based on the viewport width. In the previous example, the containing block was the body element.

Now, let’s examine a couple of the declarations under the .videoWrapper selector.

padding-bottom: 56.25%
    To create a 16:9 ratio, we must divide 9 by 16 (0.5625 or 56.25%).
padding-top: 25px
    To avoid issues with the broken box model (IE5 or IE6 in quirks mode), we use padding-top rather than height to create room for the chrome.

Finally, we use the object, embed selector because, while some browsers rely on object (e.g., Safari), others need embed (e.g., Firefox).

Note: I’m using YouTube’s markup for now, but at the end of this article I’ll be using valid markup and dropping embed."
"""Designing a graphic is like writing a story. You can't include all your material, nor can you present it with uniform emphasis. To engage readers, you have to selectively edit and then order your information into a narrative. In other words, what is most important for people to see and in what order? Not every reader will agree with our choices. Our health care graphic from the January issue (left, click to enlarge) has provoked a healthy debate around the blogosphere. Some people love it; others loathe it. The issue isn't just premiums or public options. Many bloggers are talking about our process.
There's nothing wrong with a scatter-plot solution. It just emphasizes different points—a different story. Here's why I didn't go this route. 1) Many people have difficulty reading scatter plots. When we produce graphics for our magazine, we consider a wide audience, many of whose members are not versed in visualization techniques. For most people, it's considerably easier to understand an upward or downward line than relative spatial positioning.
2) This graphic was designed for our vertical printed page (top). Scatter plots tend to work better as horizontals. Without this context, I can see why online viewers would question the graphic's shape. 3) Any data visualization is going to put certain information in the foreground and other info in the background. The scatter plot nicely organizes the countries into three clusters, but the varying dot size puts too much emphasis on the doctor-visit data, which should be a tertiary point. On the other hand, our parallel plot (which I anchored around the spending and life-expectancy averages) calls the reader's attention to discrepancies between spending and life expectancy—the story I wanted to tell. I applaud people for questioning our approach; in fact, I love this kind of dialogue—especially about art and design. Whether we reach consensus, well ... that's a different story. At least one blogger said we should have used a graph known as a scatter plot. A scatter plot lets you visualize the relationship between multiple variables. In the case of the health care graphic, our variables are spending, life expectancy, and doctor visits. The scatter-plot version (below) plots spending along the x axis and life expectancy along the y, and it uses dot size to show the doctor visits.There's nothing wrong with a scatter-plot solution. It just emphasizes different points—a different story. Here's why I didn't go this route. 1) Many people have difficulty reading scatter plots. When we produce graphics for our magazine, we consider a wide audience, many of whose members are not versed in visualization techniques. For most people, it's considerably easier to understand an upward or downward line than relative spatial positioning. 2) This graphic was designed for our vertical printed page (top). Scatter plots tend to work better as horizontals. Without this context, I can see why online viewers would question the graphic's shape. I can see why online viewers would question the graphic's shape. I can see why online viewers would question the graphic's shape.""
"
"""The musicians haven't left yet, but they do their shows in El Paso now,"" says Alfonso Quiñones, a Juárez concert promoter who is trying to organize a jazz festival in the city.

No solid number exists for the exodus, a matter of debate among Juárez's leaders. But the city's planning department estimates 116,000 homes are now abandoned. Measured against the average household size of the last census, the population who inhabited the empty homes alone could be as high as 400,000 people, representing one-third of the city before the violence began.

That would mark one of Mexico's largest single exoduses in decades.

""The problem is that we don't have the rule of law here,"" says Lucinda Vargas, an economist who runs a civic group called Plan Estratégico de Juárez.

Juárez finds itself in the crossfire between two rival drug gangs, the local Juárez cartel and the powerful Sinaloa cartel, both of whom want to control the city to smuggle drugs into the U.S., the world's biggest drug-consuming market, and capture a lucrative and growing local drug market.

In 2008, roughly 1,600 people were killed here, up from a few hundred annually in previous years. President Felipe Calderón decided to send federal police and some 7,000 troops to quell the dispute. The move hasn't worked: Last year, the death toll reached 2,600 people, making it Mexico's most violent city. There have been an estimated 500 homicides this year.

The latest high-profile blow to the city came on March 13, when three people associated with the U.S. Consulate in Juárez were gunned down in an incident that drew outrage from presidents on both side of the border.

Juárez isn't alone in its troubles with drug gangs, which operate with near complete impunity in much of northern and western Mexico. On Friday, residents of Mexico's northern business capital, Monterrey, awoke to nightmarish traffic after heavily armed men believed to be linked to drug gangs commandeered several trucks and buses and used them to block eight strategic traffic points around the city."
"The Daily Examiner has served up a tasty slice of the local snarkosphere ever since A.J. Daulerio started blogging for the Philadelphia Magazine site one year ago. It was smart, smart-assed and featured, more than anything, good reporting and writing as he developed into a wise guide to what people were typing in these parts.

He came from Deadspin. He returns to Deadspin. Which is good, because his bio could not accomodate the names of any more publications .. Maxim, Gawker, Knot, the Black Table, Huffington Post, Deadspin, Oddjack, Deadspin (he likes Deadspin). Today's his last day. He gets to continue to live in his parent's gargage. Someone trawling Philly.com for bias at 9:50 this morning might have jumped to the wrong conclusion, seeing the promotional space for blogs.

The big damned fish we're talking about wasn't Bill Clinton.

It referred to the picture that had been there, of a giant striped bass plucked from the Schuylkill.

Maybe it's that the pictures and the display copy update at slightly different paces on the home page, so this was just a momentary thing. We love Bill around here, you know? This was nothing like ""Mush From The Wimp."""
"Because I'm quite anal, I will have packed on Thursday night. So, after Strictly, I put my bags in the car and I'm off. My dog, Peggy, is a Shih Tzu cross. She's also a cross Shih Tzu. She tends to bark. She doesn't like men or other dogs.

I go south to a cottage I rent by the sea that's quiet and remote. On my perfect weekend, all food officially contains no calories. So at the Wandsworth roundabout drive-through, I make one of my bi-annual visits to McDonald's, wearing a cap pulled low in case friends or family see me.

After supper, I put a musical on. My current favourite is Annie. I perform all the parts as I drive down the motorway.

When I get there, the first thing I do is look at the stars. I love spaces and views. I get very claustrophobic in London. My muscles relax and my shoulders drop as I, literally and metaphorically, count my lucky stars.

There's nobody else there, which might sound odd for a single woman. Most single women I know are pining for a boyfriend or husband, but I love being on my own.

But I chat to Peggy like a mad eccentric. I've always been old before my time. So I'll also be in bed before 10.

Fully refreshed after 10 hours of sleep, I'm ready for a hearty breakfast at a local café. Next, I lie on my back, and breathe out all the week's stresses with the Alexander Technique.

Feeling very aligned, I go for a lovely cliff-top walk to ""blow the cobwebs away"", as my mother would say.

Then I take a picnic aboard a little rented put-put boat on an inlet like Itchenor and pootle about. I like watching birdwatchers because they're seriously tense and they love cagoules unashamedly. Afterwards I feel I deserve a proper post-boating British tea: scone, a cup of tea and cream and jam. Just heaven.

On Sunday, it would be a light cereal breakfast. Special K is a massive treat. Cereal has so much sugar in it.

Then a lovely walk to a pub for Sunday lunch, because there's nothing better than Yorkshire pudding. On the way, I'll visit a house where a writer used to live for inspiration.

I'd head back early to miss the traffic, put a wash on and get ready for the week before watching a film. I find writing stressful, so when I've had a wonderful weekend like this I want it to go on forever. "
"I am sorry guys, but I was wrong. I thought with the release of Trenches on YouTube and other sites that it would be available for our overseas viewers. I was wrong, but I am told Crackle is looking into foreign rights. Sorry, I guess you can do a PSP or something maybe. OK .. I know a lot of you viewers are overseas and not in the US and Crackle only has release rights in the states. You have been asking when can I see Trenches? Well you can watch the episodes now on YouTube!

Yep, so go get your Trenches fix on and I hope you guys enjoy it!
Go share it and comment all over.

Here are all 10 Episodes which you can of course embed and share on your websites and solcial networks."
"With a surprising win in Saturday's 1,500 meters, speedskater Jonathan Kuck of Champaign moved into the overall lead after three of the four races at the World All-Around Championships in Heerenveen, the Netherlands.

Kuck, 20, a University of Illinois junior, is unlikely to hold that lead over reigning all-around champion Sven Kramer of the Netherlands after the final race, Sunday's 10,000 meters, in which Kuck finished 8th at the 2010 Olympics.

But, given his strong performance in Friday's 5,000, where Kuck finished fourth to the victorious Kramer, he should have a good chance at a medal.  

Kuck, who won a silver medal in team pursuit at the Olympics, recorded a personal best time of 1 minute, 45.36 seconds in the 1,500"
"With the release of a trove of candid and even cringe-worthy emails and documents, Viacom on Thursday claimed that YouTube knew full well that much of its content violated copyright but instead turned the other way, seeking to boost traffic on its site and the value of its company.

But in defending itself in Viacom's $1 billion federal copyright infringement suit, YouTube countered that Viacom sought to benefit from the user-upload site's promotional value, posting its own clips on the site even as it complained of pirated material.

And in some cases, YouTube says, Viacom's marketers secretly deployed third parties to post videos from Paramount and other subsidiaries in an effort to make it look as if its content was gaining grassroots popularity. Moreover, YouTube points to documents that showed that Viacom wanted to buy YouTube or to enter into a content partnership, only to file suit when no agreement was struck. Google bought the company for almost $1.8 billion in 2006.

Undoubtedly, both sides would have preferred to keep some of this material private. However, when both sides filed for summary judgment, U.S. District Judge Louis Stanton ordered that the documents had to be released, as they would be cited in the filings.

Viacom's suit, filed in 2007 in a New York federal court, highlights the extent to which, just a few years ago, old media grappled with how to embrace new media and at the same time ensure that its content could be protected.

The heat on YouTube, however, has diminished in recent years as the site has deployed more sophisticated technology to identify copyright abuses.

In seeking damages from YouTube, Viacom is attempting to show how its founders, almost from it start in 2005, recognized the potential liability for posting pirated content yet largely disregarded those concerns, knowing that the site depended on premium videos -- as opposed to the homegrown content featuring favorite pets or curious stunts -- for traffic.

In a March 5 motion for partial summary judgment, Viacom said the YouTube founders saw that its success hinged on building a business ""based on piracy,"" and that they ""cast a blind eye to and did not block the huge number of unauthorized copyrighted works posted on the site.""

Moreover, they say Google was aware of the perils of featuring pirated content on its own video site before it bought YouTube, but ""abandoned its scruples in order to continue growing the YouTube user base until well into 2008."" It also said YouTube had its own fingerprinting and filtering technologies to block pirated works, but ""engaged in a form of high tech extortion"" by refusing to apply the technology to protect Viacom content unless Viacom first agreed to license its clips to the site. ""If you were not willing to give them your content for nothing, they were going to keep stealing,"" Michael Fricklas, Viacom's executive vice president and general counsel, told Daily Variety on Thursday.

Viacom points to a wealth of emails it says shows that YouTube's founders were aware of the ""knowledge of and intent to benefit from massive copyright infringement on YouTube.""

In a July 29, 2005, email about competing video websites, YouTube co-founder Steve Chen wrote to co-founders Chad Hurley and Jawed Karim, ""steal it!"" Hurley responded: ""hmm, steal the movies?"" Chen replied: ""we have to keep in mind that we need to attract traffic. how much traffic will we get from personal videos? remember, the only reason why our traffic surged was due to a video of this type. . . .viral videos will tend to be THOSE type of videos."""
"Let us hope Donnie Walsh's free-agent signing this summer works out better than the one he made in December with Jonathan Bender.

Bender's season is over as he will have surgery Monday on his broken ring finger he injured Friday vs. Philly. Bender's career may be over, at least with the Knicks, who are not expected to bring him back next season.

The 6-11 Bender played in 25 games and averaged 4.6 points. He had an excellent start, playing with panache his first three games before petering out. Bender was only playing Friday in place of injured David Lee and Wilson Chandler.

In the end, it wasn't worth the expenditure or the fact it teed off Eddy Curry, who was benched after three games to make way for Bender.

--

MSG P.R. man Sammy Steinlight leaves the Garden in a week (check out tomorrow's Rumble for more on his future). Steinlight will be sorely missed.

The best tip Sammy ever gave me was not Knicks-related. A diehard Springsteen fan, he called one afternoon a few years back and said he's hearing from sources Springsteen was going to make a surprise appearance that night at the Stone Pony in Asbury Park.

A Springsteen band member, Suzie Tyrell, was the headliner and Bruce, Sammy claimed, planned to take the stage for a few songs. My friends and I skeptically piled into a car and made the long drive from Long Island. Sammy's rep was on the line as there's always frequent false rumors of Bruce at the Stone Pony. Bruce indeed showed that night and Sammy became a legend among my friends. "
"""Are you a film buff who can't seem to find a way to put your excessive knowledge of movies to good use? Do you think: """"Gosh, if I knew as much about stocks as I do about Hollywood, I'd be rich!""""? Well, your time may have finally come. Investment firm Cantor Fitzgerald will be starting an online service in April that will allow users to bet on the success (or failure) of movies. Anyone could use the service -- not only the film industry. Though, unlike NYU film school students, studios would have an actual legitimate business reason for using the exchange: they can hedge their investments in movies. So even though this idea might seem sort of silly to the serious stock investor, it's no more ridiculous than Exxon using oil futures to hedge energy prices.

And you don't only have to go long on a film: you can also short movies that you think will flop. For example, if they ever decide to put Dane Cook in a movie again, you can bet that it'll be a stinker. I know I would.

This does raise an interesting question about insider trading. For example, if Brad Pitt just made a movie that he now realizes was a big mistake, because it's absolutely horrendous, can he bet against it? He clearly has nonpublic information. What if he tells his friend George Clooney how bad it is, and Clooney shorts the film? Or what if I was lucky enough to see an advanced screening to come to the same conclusion? That's a little bit like hearing a company's earnings before release. I'd hope the SEC has given these considerations some thought before approving the new exchange.

Betting on films could happen before in just-for-fun exchanges and probably for real money in Vegas. But I'll be curious to see how a real exchange does -- and who uses it more. Even though it would only have legitimate appeal to studios, if my movie-loving friends' passion for film is any indication, the exchange could be wildly popular. Anyone could use the service -- not only the film industry. Though, unlike NYU film school students, studios would have an actual legitimate business reason for using the exchange: they can hedge their investments in movies. So even though this idea might seem sort of silly to the serious stock investor, it's no more ridiculous than Exxon using oil futures to hedge energy prices.""
"
"Pope Benedict has apologised to the victims and survivors of clerical abuse in Ireland and expressed his disappointment at the failure of Irish bishops to deal appropriately with abuse allegations. In his long-awaited Pastoral Letter, he writes: ""I can only share in the dismay and the sense of betrayal that so many of you have experienced on learning of these sinful and criminal acts and the way Church authorities in Ireland dealt with them.""

The picture shows Cardinal Sean Brady handing out copies of the Letter at Saint Patrick's Cathedral today. The cardinal began his speech of welcome for the Letter with these words: ""My dear people of the Cathedral Parish of Armagh, today is a very historic day for the Catholics of Ireland. Pope Benedict has written a pastoral letter to express his closeness to us at this challenging time."" In expressing his closeness, the Pope also told the Cardinal and his episcopal colleagues that their credibility and effectiveness have been ""seriously undermined"" by their failure to act appropriately to protect children from abuse.

The Pastoral Letter is historic for a number of reasons, not least because it is the first official papal document dealing with the clerical abuse crisis facing the Catholic Church for 25 years. The Letter, as predicted, does not explore issues of organisational reform within the church in ireland, but the Pope announces that he plans to send Apostolic Visitors to certain dioceses, religious orders and seminaries in Ireland. That may be an indication of further proposals for re-organising the church or dealing with systemic issues that permitted abuse to continue unchecked for so long.

Pope Benedict also calls on the Irish church to re-embrace the disciplines of Catholic spirituality; that section of the Letter may prove controversial because it is clear that the Pope believes that the loss of those disciplines, alongside the rise of certain kinds of modernist ideas and practices within the western church, helped to create the conditions in which the abuse crisis was born (see paragraph 4). "
"When job-seeking illustrator Laura Levy first met the team of Wall Street Journal hedcut artists in the early 1980s, she was struck by their peculiar task.

""I saw what these people were doing and I thought, 'they're insane,'"" says Levy. ""They're sitting there all day long drawing one tiny little drawing with pen and ink.

""But it turns out I must be nuts, because it's fantastic,"" says the now veteran staff artist. For a newspaper that for more than a century celebrated the lack of images within its pages, it is surprising to note that the Journal's signature mark is the dot-ink portrait.

In explanation of that visually-averse legacy, former executive editor Fred Taylor famously said, ""I've always thought that one word was worth a thousand pictures.""

But while the paper's world-class reporting has propelled the Journal brand, it's the stipple drawing, pioneered by Journal artists 30 years ago, that has become a trademark.

""It's an icon,"" says staff artist Nancy Januzzi, of the miniature portraits. ""It really is the look of The Wall Street Journal.""

Since 1979, the drawings, or hedcuts, have become much more than the currency and certificate engravings they were modeled on. So many likenesses of prominent figures have been featured that to have one's hedcut appear in the Journal is, for most, a seminal moment.

""It sort of became a status symbol,"" says staff artist Hai Knafo."
"Peter Sellers is back at work again. Perhaps nostalgia is in order. Until a few years ago, Sellers was the funniest comedian in the movies. He turned out a series of splendid British comedies (now inhabiting the late show), and even after he got to Hollywood he stayed funny. ""The Pink Panther"" was good and ""Dr. Strangelove"" was great and ""What's New, Pussycat"" had its moments.

But then, alas, Sellers started believing the back-slappers, and they told him he was naturally funny. He isn't. He has his moments, but most of the time he has to work like any other comedian. There have been a few naturally funny comedians, like W. C. Fields, and all they have to do is stand there (or weave back and forth) and you laugh. But the mortals have to work.

So anyway, Sellers started getting lazy. You could almost predict a new Sellers movie. It would have Sellers arching his eyebrows and muttering under his breath, Sellers delicately not touching a luscious starlet, Sellers rolling his eyes, Sellers doing his Napoleon imitation. The low point in his self-indulgence came in ""Casino Royale,"" a film unjustly neglected in the lists of last year's worst.

All of this is one reason why ""The Party"" is so enjoyable. Sellers works. He develops a character and plays it, for better or worse, for the whole movie. No costume changes. No Napoleon suits. Sellers is Hrundi V. Bakshi, a painfully polite actor from India who courteously and delicately sabotages the evening of several dozen guests and an elephant. He is assisted by a hilariously drunken butler (Steve Franken).

The story has to do with a party in the home of a Hollywood studio chief. Director Blake Edwards begins in low key, with cocktail music tinkling in the background while everyone nods politely and Sellers' shoe floats over the waterfall in the living room. The insanity gradually escalates, but for the first two-thirds of the movie the events remain painfully close to life. Who among us, for example, has not waited politely outside the bathroom door at a party, a glassy smile concealing our agony?

Edwards directs with economy for most of the way, but when the living room fills up with soapsuds and the elephant, he can't help lingering over the expensive scene he's produced. This is an occupational weakness of directors, who figure since they're spending so much money they ought to get at least 15 minutes of movie out of their grand finale. But chaos should be taken in moderation."
"Put down your flamingo mallet for a moment, sit at your ravenlike writing desk, and work out this equation: Add one Tim Burton plus one mathematician by the name of Charles Lutwidge Dodgson and divide by the magical World of Disney. Multiply the result with hallucinatory visual effects, stunning design, and scene-chomping acting. Then add two Alice novels and a dozen or so Wonderland characters before subtracting a bit of the original sense of play and randomness. Then add three dimensions, divide a loaf by a knife, and carry the tea. The product? Walt Disney Pictures' Alice in Wonderland. But callooh, callay, what’s this you say? Not familiar with Charles Lutwidge Dodgson, flamingo mallets, and ravenlike writing desks? Well, National Geographic is here to help. In 1991 the magazine published a story on Dodgson, better known by his pseudonym Lewis Carroll. The author of our story informed me that her lifelong love for Dodgson’s craft and ability to play with words had motivated her to pitch the piece. She retraced the geographic world that inspired the author and his stories, viewed the original manuscript at the British Library, and met with the granddaughter of the Alice. Read Cathy Newman's story. Marvel at Sam Abell's photographs and the wonderfully illustrated story map of Wonderland by William H. Bond. Not only will you get an excellent primer for the adventures and characters you’ll see in the movie, but you’ll also learn that, in fact, 'twas brillig, and the slithy toves did National Geographic in the wabe. Whatever that means. As for the movie itself, if you're anticipating a direct retelling of either Alice's Adventures in Wonderland or its follow-up, Through the Looking-Glass, you'll be disappointed (or pleased?). The familiar characters do populate the film, echoes of Dodgson’s words dance (and occasionally galumph) through Linda Woolverton’s screenplay, and John Tenniel’s illustrations are startlingly realized. But it’s not the same old Wonderland. Instead, you’ll find a sincere (though heavy-handed) effort to make sense out of a nonsense story and an attempt to create a sort of plot game that's to be won instead of a game to be played for play‘s sake. I couldn't fully connect with the film's heart for these reasons (it all made too much sense?), and my film companion went further to describe it as very well done made-for-TV movie. I understood, but I should have argued against this, as it didn't feature the greatest acting performance in the history of, like, all time EVER. (Apologies to Anne Hathaway, who portrays the White Queen. Love you, Anne. Really!) The director being Tim Burton, you’re guaranteed nothing less than a fantastic visual poke in the eyeballs. And one shouldn’t expect any less from a film that’s been given a PG rating due to a smoking caterpillar. No, really. Search the MPAA site and see for yourself. Smoking. Caterpillar. Um, YES? One ticket please! As an added bonus, check out New York Magazine's wonderfully trippy photo illustration of Alice in Wonderland's influence on culture.
"
"Tomorrow the FCC will release a national broadband strategy. The plan will set goals for expanding broadband to unserved and under-served areas, promote greater speeds, and drive consumer demand. It will harness this communications technology to urgent national priorities, such as jobs, education, health, energy, and security. In short, the plan will lay the groundwork for investing in America’s future.

Yes, the Internet was invented in the United States. Yes, we once led the world in broadband development. But now, networks in many countries, from Western Europe to East Asia, are faster and more advanced than our own. Long after we recover from this recession, this broadband gap will be a dead weight on American businesses and workers, unless we act now.

As with the space race in the 1960s, America needs a national effort by our scientists, engineers, companies, educational institutions and government agencies. Just like that great national adventure, we need near-term and long-term goals.

Broadband is an essential input to expanding business, education, and healthcare opportunities everywhere. As soon as possible, we need to bring Internet access to every community, from rural America to the inner cities.

But we also need even more ambitious objectives — or “stretch goals” — that test the limits of our ingenuity. When President John F. Kennedy summoned the nation to space exploration, the immediate goal was to send an astronaut in orbit around the earth. But JFK called for “putting a man on the moon” because he knew that dream would inspire Americans to literally reach for the stars.

The private sector has a big job to do, and needs to carry much of the investment. For our part, we plan to build and test an ultra-high-speed broadband network in at least one U.S. community. We are excited by the amount of support our proposed testbed has received from local communities and individuals.

But smart, tailored public policies are critical too. Let’s install broadband fiber as part of every federally-funded infrastructure project, from highways to mass transit. And let’s deploy broadband fiber to every library, school, community health center, and public housing facility in the U.S.

I support a national broadband strategy because ubiquitous broadband connectivity can catapult America into the next level of economic competitiveness, worker productivity, and educational opportunity. But as in the past, we will make this breakthrough by choice, not chance."
" Vodafone Group Plc and Bharti Airtel Ltd. were among nine companies that applied to take part in auctions for India’s third-generation mobile-phone services as the South Asian nation seeks to raise money to cut the deficit.

Vodafone Essar Ltd., the Indian unit of the world’s biggest mobile-phone company, and Bharti, India’s biggest wireless operator, were also among 11 companies that applied to participate in auctions for airwaves to run broadband wireless services, India’s department of telecommunications said in a statement today.

India is counting on the proceeds from the auctions to help narrow the fiscal deficit at a 16-year high. Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee has pledged to cut the deficit to 5.5 percent of gross domestic product in the year starting April 1 from 6.9 percent of GDP in the previous year, the sharpest reduction in 19 years.

The sale could net the Indian government as much as $11.4 billion, Kotak Institutional Equities analyst Rohit Chordia, wrote in a report on March 15. “This would provide the government scope to lower fiscal deficits by about 0.3 percentage points of GDP.”

Competition among phone companies at the bidding could “stretch balance sheets amid the ongoing price wars,” JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Sunil Garg wrote in a report today. “We expect intense competition for the three available spectrum slots.”

Other Applicants

The other applicants for third-generation services were Aircel Ltd., controlled by Malaysia’s Maxis Communications Bhd., Etihad Etisalat Co., Saudi Arabia’s second-largest mobile-phone company, Idea Cellular Ltd., Reliance Telecom Ltd., S Tel Pvt., Tata Teleservices Ltd. and Videocon Telecommunications Ltd.

Norway-based Telenor SA’s Indian unit, Uninor, decided to skip India’s airwaves auction because it is yet to get the airwaves it has already paid for, and doesn’t believe there is enough demand in India for high-speed data services, the company said in a statement today.

“Telenor is making a conscious decision to preserve cash to focus on voice services for the huge rural population,” said Saeed Baradar, a telecommunications sales specialist at Societe Generale SA in London. “It’s an excellent strategy given the high-capacity, low-return nature of data services in a limited data market. I remain a buyer here.”.

Other countries have seen bidding for 3G auctions raise billions of dollars for their governments. The U.K. got $35 billion in 2000, while Germany received $46 billion at its sale. "
"""The puzzlement to me is how this fits with the previous 25 years of his political life -- rather, what retrospective light it sheds on that time. Bayh has held elective office since he was 30. He became Indiana's governor at 33 and U.S. senator at 43. If he really cared about his Indiana constituents and their problems through that time, great! But if so, how can he walk away with this kind of careless disregard about whether, in the style of his departure, he is smashing up things that had said were important to him. If, on the other hand, these issues and people never really mattered that much, and public life had been a kind of popularity contest -- well, that may be true of a lot of politicians, but they don't like to reveal it quite this bluntly.

Here's a constructive suggestion: Do you really care about the partisanship that is ruining public life and that, as you said, has driven you from the Senate, Mr. Bayh? Then why not use the fact that you are still in the U.S. Senate for most of another year -- a platform 99.999% of Americans will never occupy -- and apply all the power you can to advance causes you care about. What is holding you back?

Unlike everyone else up for election this year, you don't have to worry how this or that bout of truth-telling will look on Election Day. Let 'em bitch! You don't need an interest group to endorse you or a civic club to applaud you any more. Do you think hyperpartisanship is destroying the Senate? Why not call out people -- by name, by specific hypocritical move -- when you see them doing what they should be ashamed of? I guarantee that the press would eat this up. Why not a ten-month public seminar, through the rest of this year, on who is doing what, and how it could be different? Do you object to personal """"holds"""" on nominations? Make it an issue! You have an idea of some issue where Republicans and Democrats might agree? Be specific about it and see what you can do. Again, if I know anything about the press and the melodrama of public life, I know you could turn it to your advantage -- and the public's, Mr. Smith style. Your father, Birch Bayh, became a senator even younger. He was 34 when he took office, and 52 when defeated by Dan Quayle. In between -- through three Senate terms, 18 years -- he acted as if he was using his office for something, rather than just occupying it. That is part of the reason he eventually became vulnerable, as someone too """"liberal"""" for his base. His punishment was to That was my policy on the few times I improbably saw a Sam Adams or Rogue Dead Guy beer in a mainland Chinese store. All of this was defense against the bleakness of the local offerings.""
"
"

I recently made a cameo appearance in a three-part BBC documentary about tweed; I was wheeled in to give a bit of historical context and to enthuse on the subject. The documentary dealt specifically with Harris tweed, a unique hirsute cloth made in Scotland's Outer Hebrides Islands. Its pretext was the changes being wrought in what is, quite literally, a cottage industry, with individual weavers working in their homes or garden sheds to make a cloth that is then returned to the mill, where it is finished and shipped all over the world. Its character owes much to an image thick with peat smoke and Gaelic, gently tinted by a thousand hues of lichen dye.

But even the most ardent tweed enthusiasts, among whom I count myself, will admit the industry has been declining since a peak of production in the late 1960s of about 7 million yards per year. It was with a view toward reviving the industry that a couple of years ago a Yorkshire textiles magnate called Brian Haggas bought the largest mill and set out to relaunch Harris tweed by making thousands of tweed jackets in a palette of colors drastically reduced from about 8,000 to four.

It was a controversial move and the BBC documentarian Ian Denyer joined the story just as Haggas, saddled with thousands of unsold tweed jackets, had to take drastic action. ""I arrived at a point where Haggas had told the weavers that he was halting production until he had sold some of his jackets,"" says Denyer.

But it was not all bad news; Haggas's plans gave an unexpected fillip to the business of two other mills, in Shawbost and Carloway, which stepped in to fill the color vacuum. In making the film, Denyer, a tweedophile himself, was struck by the genuine worldwide enthusiasm for the fabric, and it would appear that viewers were moved, too. Since then, Haggas has sold some of his jackets and been inspired to make a fifth model, aimed at a younger customer, which even goes so far as to feature a traditional polychromatic check.

Denyer thought his series was affectionate, so he was surprised at complaints from some who felt that it portrayed the island and its cloth in an overly folkloric way, viewing Harris tweed as an almost ethnographical curiosity. But it is the ethno-specific character of Harris tweed that might well ensure its survival. With its strong innate regionality, unique manufacturing process, and romantic locus, tweed plays into the modern appetite for products that have an authentic character rather than a manufactured brand identity. A low-carbon manufacturing process—the looms used by the weavers are foot-powered—only adds to the appeal.

Like many things that have become ineffably British, tweed was largely a 19th-century invention. After the Jacobite uprising of 1745, the wearing of tartan was banned; but the later influx of affluent Victorian landowners lured north of the border by the novels of Sir Walter Scott and the joys of field sports popularized the district checks and estate tweeds that identified those who lived and worked on their acres. Hard-wearing, breathable, and executed in shades matching the landscape, tweed was the cloth from which the sportswear of the British Empire was cut.
"
" Wednesday night that Americans still, after all these months, do not know Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama.

Obama needs to explain his past, McCain told viewers.

McCain targeted Bill Ayers, who once served on a foundation board with Obama.  Ayers, a leader of the terrorist Weather Underground in the 1970s, has said that he took part in the bombings of New York City Police Headquarters in 1970, the Capitol building in 1971, and the Pentagon in 1972.

""I don't regret setting bombs,"" Ayers said in 2001. ""I feel we didn't do enough.""

Obama said he’d condemned Ayers’s violent past, had not involved him in his campaign, and wouldn’t have him as an advisor in the White House.

McCain also assailed the liberal group ACORN which has run a voter registration effort which is under investigation in Nevada and other states after some of its organizers turned in fraudulent registrations to election officials.

'One of the greatest frauds in voter history'
“We need to know the full extent of Senator Obama's relationship with ACORN who is now on the verge of possibly perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history,” McCain said."
"People all over the blogosphere -- OK, some people -- have been asking about the mayor's leadership in the Google Fiber race. ""Where's the mayor?"" they ask.

Amanda at Inside Scoop checks in.  Knight said he supports the idea, but has left the issue to council members like Zack Matheny, who can speak about it more proficiently that he can.

I guess that makes sense. OK. so where's Zack? 

I think what people are really wondering is who is the city's voice? Why are the elected officials -- whether they are from City Council, from the county commissioners or are Rep. Howard Coble -- so low-key on this issue, particularly when many other cities are hanging it all out there. Examples: renaming highways after Google; renaming cities after Google; urging firstborns to be renamed Google Fiber; and swimming with sharks for Google. 

It is OK to have fun, isn't it?  

We brought home a passel of awards last night from the AP and the N.C. Press Association. Several items worth noting:

• Betsi Robinson won her second statewide editing award. Since 2003, Betsi and features editor Susan Ladd have won the editing award five times.
• Lorraine Ahearn won three awards in three different categories.
• Jerry Wolford won the photographer of the year award, continuing a darn good year.
• Tim Rickard has won awards in seven of the last 10 contests.

Most significant to me is that five of the awards were efforts by our entire staff.

Full results of all papers here. Our specific size category here.
"
"Only the brave take on a complete renovation while living in the space, but Jay, a professional painter and general handy man, is wired for these types of projects. Their home is made cozy by their choices of plush furniture, throw blankets, and vignetted nooks, and is unified by neutral creams and natural wood. The fresh baked cookies and colorful cut roses adorning all rooms pay tribute to their bed & breakfast inspired feel.

Melissa is a graphic designer and likes incorporating typography. The DIY triptych in the living room exemplifies this as well as the burlap coffee sack curtains she made using simple black ribbon.

All flooring other than the back living room (which is still on their to do list) has mix-matched original hardwood floors and no two rooms are the same. There are polyurethane boards in some rooms, while others are left sanded and dull, making a quilt-like pattern in the space, complimenting their aesthetic.

In their kitchen they removed an L-shaped corner counter top and added a center island from IKEA. In order to integrate the modern island into the space, they covered it with bead board and added a matching laminate counter top. They made the island big enough to fit up to 8 people and use this intimate setting for dinner guests, rather than a formal dining room.

Now that the work is nearly completed, they are looking for another fixer-upper two family and hope to have at it once again. "
"""I recently organized an exhibition of photographs by Edward Burtynsky, bringing together 12 years of his imagery on the subject of oil at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. Burtynsky, a Canadian born of Ukrainian heritage in 1955, is respected internationally for his 25-year focus on industrially-transformed landscapes. His photographs of quarries, factories, mining pits, and railcuts are extraordinary for their depiction of mankind’s organization of the land for resource-extraction and profit. Jennifer Baichwal’s 2006 documentary Manufactured Landscapes is an excellent portrait of Burtynsky, and I highly recommend a viewing of both the DVD and his great books, which include Manufactured Landscapes (2003); Burtynsky – China (2005); and Edward Burtynsky – Quarries (2006).
In organizing the exhibition, it occurred to me that Burtynsky is one of our most Ballardian artists. His intense concentration on the technological sublime; the precisionist geometries of his images; and his evocation of a rationalist (yet mysterious) automatism at the heart of the relationship between man and nature: all seem absolutely the inheritance of Ballard’s insightful understanding of our times.
In writing an essay for the book that accompanies the Corcoran exhibition, I adopted a style in overt homage to Ballard — in hopes that such a literary strategy might help illuminate this great body of work. I also wanted to honor Ballard’s legacy as the foremost imaginative interpreter of the world Burtynsky documents. The editors of Ballardian.com have graciously agreed to reprint the essay here as an extension of that homage. Readers of this site will recognize the tropes, the ideas, and the specific sources I’ve drawn from Ballard’s oeuvre; I hope they will forgive any lapses, or excesses, as my own error. The subject is not oil. In these pictures, Edward Burtynsky shows the man-made world—the human ecosystem—that has risen up around the production, use, and dwindling availability of our paramount energy source. The mechanics and industry of extraction and refinement; the development, products, and activities associated with transportation and motor culture; and the wreckage, obsolescence, and human cost that lies at the End of Oil. These photographs are about man, and what he has made of the earth.
Burtynsky starts at the center of the subject, at oil’s source; then moves outward around the world, showing its use. By their arrangement, the photographs survey a life cycle. Each black drop follows a path; following the pictorial sequence, we can imagine ourselves trailing in its wake.
The journey is an unusual one. We have rarely seen images of these places. Some, we didn’t know existed; others, we never thought we’d see. Has any artist ever documented this manifold subject in such depth? This is a new form of epic history painting. Turning his camera lens to a fever dream, Burtynsky forges a new mythology for the 21st century from the lexicon of realism. With stunning detail, from improbable perches, in strange and beautiful colors, these pictures show their subjects with clinical accuracy, and with definitive force. But they also tell a parallel and more inchoate tale: a critique of civilization, and a foretelling of human ends. Some visual experiences test our capacity for explanation—our ability to extract meaning, or convey affect, through existing vocabulary.""
"
"The International Skating Union has decided to allow Olympic bronze medalist Joannie Rochette of Canada to perform an exhibition tribute to her late mother at an unsanctioned competition Thursday in Connecticut.

That decision comes in the wake of criticism that included a blog entry I wrote Sunday taking the ISU to task over its unwillingness to bend rules given the unusual nature of the situation.

Michael Slipchuk, high performance director of Skate Canada, sent a Tuesday email to concerned parties with the ISU's decision.  Here is its text, from a copy obtained by the Chicago Tribune:

""The ISU has agreed to relax ISU rule 136 for Joannie, due to the unique and extenuating circumstances of this particular request,  and allow her participation in an exhibition number only (not a competition) at MGM Grand at Foxwoods, USA.

""Therefore, Skate Canada has also granted a sanction for her participation in this event."""
"

Buffalo real estate developer Carl Paladino is making it clear that this is going to be a three-way Republican gubernatorial primary, with Paladino going up against Republican Rick Lazio and Democrat-turned-Republican Steve Levy.

But no Republican really has a shot of winning statewide office without the support of--and ballot from--the Conservative Party. That group is meeting tomorrow and may make an endorsement. The leading candidate to get the Conservative line is Lazio, who has the backing of Conservative State Party Chairman Mike Long. Republicans leaders are backing Levy, but Long doesn't approve of that.

Paladino's campaign manager, Michael Caputo, told me his candidate is the only true fiscal--and social--conservative in the race. If Conservatives back Lazio, Paladino's aide said they'll have no choice but to petition to create the Tea Party ballot line.

""Let's face it, if the Conservative Party endorsed Lazio, we really don't have a choice,"" he said, ""other than to create a Tea Party line.""

""Because, historically, Republican gubernatorial candidates have not been elected without the Conservative Party endorsement. But in order to change history, we have to form a whole different option.""
"
"Ah yes, famed technology writer Bruce Emmerling. Famed technology writer Bruce Emmerling who can’t grammar or spell-check his work, and writes with a mastery of his subject akin to that of a 6th grader rushing to complete a paper on a book he hasn’t even read.

Honestly, this is what tops Google’s “news” results in science and technology? If that’s the case, we should be kinda worried. We’re quickly moving from citizen journalism (a dangerous / questionable proposition to begin with) to bot journalism… at least that’s how the above article reads.

Remember, you may be discerning, but most people aren’t, and most people will take a story like this — poorly sourced, poorly written — and digest it as fact. Now, there’s nothing particularly inaccurate about this piece of news — except that it’s written like garbage and essentially cites no sources. Plus, most media outlets reported on this last week, so why is it front page news now? And why does the article refer to “reviewers” when no one has actually used or reviewed the device? And who the fuck is Bruce Emmerling?

Examiner.com (and sites like it, hello Associated Content) should be closely watched by those who care about honest reporting and reliable sources. Here is a site that mixes random, unknown entries with aggregated (er, scraped) content from CBS and sites like ours. It is a dangerous and dishonest mixture which most people won’t catch.

I know, some of you will call foul here. Say I’m being hypocritical. Claim Engadget is guilty of all the offenses I’m griping about. But, of course, you’ll be wrong whether you believe it or not. Sure, we’re not a traditional media outlet — not the kind the world has known for hundreds of years — but we do have a stringent process for both reporting news and choosing the people on staff who write that news. It’s not a perfect process — nothing is — but it’s a process. I’m not sure the same can be said for Examiner.

Look, a shifting perception of media / journalism is one thing, but we’re starting to dismantle the basic structures in which we test the validity news, provide an editorial process, and at least pretend to care about some diligence and transparency. With arm-chair enthusiasts cranking out a tsunami of edit-free noise like the above story, being able to find the real story — or dry land — will soon seem like a distant memory."
"From wind turbines to cell phones, rare earth minerals play a big role in advanced technology, and they could be key for future clean energy. But congress is worried about the fact that almost all of these materials come from China, and could be subject to tight export controls by that country's government.

The subject was discussed yesterday at a hearing, where experts called on the U.S. government to take steps not only to promote domestic production of these materials, but to fund research to find ways to recycle them, to use less of them, and to do without them altogether.

The work has already started. In one recent example, the new Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, recently awarded $4.5 million to develop motors and generators that use magnetics containing low amounts of rare-earth materials. The project is ambitious:"
I'm trying to find a balance between sharing my ADHD experience in a blog and putting too much personal information out there in the digital world. Yogi Berra, the Sage of the Grand Concourse, the omphaloskeptic Neapolitan, once said, "When you come to a fork in the road, you should take it." I haven't a clue how one would accomplish that, but I am at a fork in the road. The blame for my erratic blog submissions to ADDitude can be laid on several doorsteps: my innate laziness, my inability to manage my time with any dexterity or consistency, even, mirable dictu, my very affliction with The Deficit. But issues of privacy and modesty, or shame, loom larger and larger. While I'm interested in the whole panorama of the ADHD experience, I find that doing research on the latest ADHD meds or a controversial diet plan is less attractive than looking inward, trying to figure out how the affliction has affected my life, how it interacts with my other shortcomings, and what if anything I can do about it. In addition, I have been told that the postings in which I'm talking about myself, my emotional condition, my constant, one would like to say Homeric, battles with depression and insolvency, attract more readers and more comments than anything I might write about the color of the new Concerta formulations (less, for all the relative frivolity, than the issue of whether there should be blue M&Ms, for example.) But there's a point where I don't want to write about myself. Or, more accurately, want to but feel uncomfortable. After all, I'm sure you're all very nice, concerned, ethical folks. I'm sure the snickering I hear is generated in my own head, and not in yours. But self-revelation has a price, especially in this age where privacy has, for all intents and purposes, become a rare, perhaps non-existent commodity. So I'll continue to try to find a balance between my personal situations and my obligations to my ADHD blog, and if I find it necessary to lie a little here and there, so be it. None of you will ever know the difference, except for a handful of people who know me personally, and, for the most part, I've managed to alienate them sufficiently that they don't care. I'm just sayin', you know?
I think one reason why such things don't both us, as NLPers, as much as they bother the average machine learning person is that we are willing to invest some energy in intelligent initialization. This already puts us in a good part of the optimization landscape, and doing local hillclimbing from there is not such a big deal. A classic example is the "Klein and Manning" smart initializer for unsupervised parsing, where a small amount of human knowledge goes a long way above a random initializer. Another style of initialization is the IBM alignment model style. IBM model 4 is, of course, highly non-convex and ridiculously difficult to optimize (the E step is intractable). So they do a smart initialization, using the output of model 3. Model 3, too, is highly non-convex (but not quite so much so), so they initialize with model 2. And so on, down to model 1, which is actually convex and fairly easy to optimize. This sequencing of simple models to complex models also happens in some statistical analysis, where you first fit first order effects and then later fit higher order effects. The danger, of course, is that you got to a bad hill to climb, but this overall generally appears to be a bigger win than starting somewhere in the middle of a random swamp. (Of course, later, Bob Moore had this cute argument that even though model 1 is convex, we don't actually ever optimize it to the global optimum, so doing clever initialization for model 1 is also a good idea!) These two ideas: clever initialization, and sequential initialization, seem like powerful ideas that I would like to see make their way into more complex models. For instance, in the original LDA paper, Dave Blei used an initialization where they pick some random documents as seeds for topics. As far as I know, no one really does this anymore (does anyone know why: does it really not matter?), but as we keep building more and more complex models, and lose hope that our off the shelf optimizer (or sampler) is going to do anything reasonable, we're probably going to need to get back to this habit, perhaps trying to formalize it in the meantime. 
Overwhelmed by the massive, 1,000+ card Yankee Stadium sets that have come out this year? Me too. That's why I've got a better idea. If you want to celebrate Yankee Stadium in your own way, collect those cards that feature it in the background. The same can apply for those of you sick and tired of all things Yankee, who would rather focus on Shea Stadium and the Mets. Because Topps calls New York City its home, many of its cards feature the two current New York City ballparks as part of the background. 1970 was a big year that comes to mind immediately, but there are plenty of others. And the best part of these DIY Yankee and Shea Stadium legacy sets is that your sets won't be composed of just Yankees or Mets--your set will include most or all of the other major league clubs as well. Now I'm not a Yankees fan, but something like this appeals to me as a fan of baseball history, much more than a set full of cards of the same handful of players ad nauseam. (From sorting through a few thousand cards from the 1970s, a Fenway Park Legacy set could also be put together this way.) 
To all my friends, I'm sorry. I think about this blog often, but can never find the time to write on it. I have 3 of the 4 kids sleeping. My 23 month old was taken to the hospital to get play dough taken out of his ear. Yup, the reason I have time to write is because my goofy son wanted to see what having play dough in his ear was like. My wife just called and it's out. They'll be home in 5 minutes. All is well at casa de la insano. PS. Robin is expecting again. This will be number 5............................god help us;) Time to get neutered I guess.
I'm a fan of Elvis Presley. It's the fact that he was a bit of an ass, that he was a drug addict at the end, that he had three TV's, that he had a Jungle Room at Graceland, that he laughed and talked during live recordings, that he was fond of ridiculous jumpsuits and that his album cover art was so darn cool. I'm not talking about the original "Elvis Presley" self-titled album with the rock-a-billy photo and the green and pink text overlay that The Clash ripped off and seems an odd-yet-completely-legitimate choice of inspiration for the design of the 1984 Topps set. That album cover deserves its own, separate dissertation. I'm talking about the gold lamé army of Elvii raining down on the cover of "50,000,000 Elvis Fans Can't Be Wrong." I'm not sure that's even the name of the album, come to think of it. Doesn't matter. The point I'm trying to make is that if you squint real hard at the American League All-Star stickers that I'm finding at an alarmingly common rate, all decked out in their gold foil, if you try real hard, you can almost see Elvis smiling back. Key word there is "almost." I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm as giddy as a schoolgirl after opening 10 packs of stickers and not finding a single double. Let that sink in. Ten packs of five stickers each and no doubles. I completed nearly 20% of the set in one fell swoop. Unheard of. Unbelievable. Especially in this box, this treacherous box of Dusty Bakers and Hosken Powells, Al Olivers and Chet Lemons. Here they are, in all their glory. 
Contrary to what Donruss would want you to believe, Fred McGriff never won an MVP award. Did he ever deserve one? No, probably not. But so what? Teams need players like McGriff to be successful. In a similar vein, someone recently said that teams wouldn't win with a whole roster of Dustin Pedroias. Why not? The guy has over 200 hits, 100 runs, he hits for average, he's a good fielder... what's not to like? Is it because he's short? Scrappy? Prematurely bald? Is it because he does that weird thing with his mouth and eyes before every swing? The same could be said for Fred McGriff. Could a team win with a roster of Fred McGriffs? Who wouldn't want a bunch of guys consistently smacking 35 homers, driving in runs and hitting for average? Though until recently Pedroia had been putting together an MVP-like season, guys like Pedroia and McGriff aren't really MVP-caliber players. They're complementary guys. They're guys who make a lineup formidable. And though they're not a given lineup's heavy hitter, they're guys pitchers don't want to face in any situation. They're like Thursday night. It's not quite Friday, but you're almost there. 
I get emails from my local card shop, and in it I read today that Upper Deck canceled the remainder of its forthcoming baseball products, including Goudey (this must be what happens when you settle out of court with MLB Properties). I also read that the USA baseball stuff it was going to produce will now be produced by Topps. All of this is incredibly interesting to me, and not simply because I collect sports cards. It's interesting to me because it all boils down to one person. In my opinion, all of this movement of the last year – official licensing, lawsuits, and the like – stems from Michael Eisner's involvement in Topps. And I'd say that Major League Baseball wants to be in bed with a big guy like him – not some small-pond guy like Richard McWilliam. At Disney, Eisner was a big fish in one of the biggest ponds. He's a brand name all unto himself, and in the non-card universe, I'd bet more people have heard of Eisner than have heard of Topps, and certainly more than Upper Deck. This latest development brings back the question: in 2007, why didn't Topps cave to Upper Deck's bid of a dollar more than Madison Dearborn's? Did Shorin know something about a wind of change at MLB Properties? Or was he simply looking out for the best interests of the company and the brand by a) not selling to their number-one competitor, and b) by brazenly puffing out his chest and selling the company his way (albeit not in the best interests of the shareholders) without kowtowing to the upstart? It could be a little of both. The other question is: did MLB Properties have a preference in who bought Topps? I think Eisner has ushered in more good changes at Topps – a shift to the Web, with video and more meaningful interactions with the collector (not just customer service stuff) – than Upper Deck ever would have, or would have had reason to. For Upper Deck to ever seriously think that Topps could be beaten in a one-on-one for exclusive MLB licensing is preposterous, especially with a heavy hitter like Eisner in the mix. So when 2010 Upper Deck debuted earlier this year, it seemed like the company was on a collision course with a court date. Seriously, I get it that baseball is the biggest sport with the most money at stake, but why did Upper Deck produce a regular set without being able to show team logos? If they had to fill shipping quotas, keep the cash flow going until they could get rid of their baseball team, and hoodwink the public in the process, why didn't they put out a set like Studio? Or an innovative, every-card-is-autographed, prom-photo set of everybody in tuxedos? Instead, every card read like Upper Deck was thumbing its nose at Major League Baseball. Also, it feels like Upper Deck doesn't get it that a Topps exclusivity now does not necessarily mean a Topps exclusivity in the future. Yes, Upper Deck is losing millions now, but possibly not future millions. So why burn your bridges? 
Sorrow and pity are natural responses to disability in children – but they are misplaced, researchers say. There is no need to feel sad about youngsters with cerebral palsy because they experience life much as other children do – with all its joys and sadnesses, successes and failures. Able-bodied adults tend to view such children in terms of the struggle they face and their lost potential for a full and active life. But that is not how the children see themselves, according to researchers from Newcastle University. A study of 500 children with cerebral palsy in seven European countries has found that across a range of measures, including psychological wellbeing, self-perception and social support, their levels of satisfaction are as high as in other children. Though disadvantaged, in some cases seriously, their impairment is incorporated into their sense of themselves from birth and they embrace life and all it has to offer with the same excitement as other children. Professor Allan Colver of Newcastle University, who led the study, published in The Lancet, said it contained an important message for parents. “Parents can be upset when their child is diagnosed with cerebral palsy but they can now be reassured that most children with the condition who are capable of providing information at the age of eight to 12 have a similar quality of life to other children.” In earlier research, he had shown that disabled children participated less in activities than other children, because of the restrictions imposed by their disability. But they were no less happy. The new study showed their quality of life, as reported by themselves, was no different. “A father came up to me after we reported the results and said, 'You have already made me think differently about my child',” Professor Colver said. The findings reinforced the need for disabled children to be integrated into society, he added. “The change now needed concerns attitudes. Pity and sorrow should not be directed to disabled children because our findings indicate that they experience life as do non-disabled children. Maximum effort is needed to ensure their rights as citizens, rather than as disabled children, to participate in society as fully as other children.” Julie Johnson of Gateshead whose 10-year-old son, Nathan, was diagnosed with cerebral palsy at four months, said: “I treat Nathan and his brother the same and I have found that both of them rise to their own challenges. Nathan has problems with his left hand but quite simple steps have enabled him to attend a mainstream school. He is an active, happy child.” Nathan said: “I like all my teachers and I have a big group of friends at school. I have a special board which helps me to write neater. At playtime we play tag and football.”
We'd arranged for Sam to come home today for a few hours a little while ago. Then we got a call this morning ... trying to put it off as there were other staffing problems. However several calls later it was decided Sam could come home. We then got one from Sam to reassure him it was happening. He picks up on all that is going on. But when I picked him up he was very excitable. We found later he had been like that all day. I wonder if that had been the real reason they had been thinking of putting off his visit. The visit kind of went well though until the end. He seemed agitated. He needed space. He became surly in a way that threatened aggression. As we got to the car he opened the door then slammed it even more open almost breaking it off and causing expensive damage. Then he walked off down the road. He had no intention of stopping. He walked on. We were fortunate the nurse with us was a very experienced one who we got on with. We've had similar situations to this with Sam so many times but another nurse might have reacted in a way that could have exacerbated the situation. But his nurse joined Sam on his walk off and I brought up the rear ... staying at a distance at first in case I might make it worse. Sam insisted on walking to some rocks where he used to climb. He needed to feel the rock and sit calmly there for a while to get his thoughts together ... or to combat the demons in his head as he described it to his nurse. Eventually we got him back to the car and back to the hospital. He was still excitable but he was back and safe. Now Jane and I will have a meal together, watch some television, open a bottle of bubbly and wish each other, with thoughts of Nell and Sam, "Happy New Year". A Happy New Year too to all of you reading this.
This post was very interesting because it explained both the positive and negative side of Sickle Cell Anemia. The question at the end encouraged me to do further research and try to find other diseases that have the same heterozygote advantage. After looking on many websites I found the same disease that was posted above, Thalassemia. This disease is similar to sickle cell anemia because it is a malfunction with the red blood cells. Either there are not enough red blood cells or there isn't enough hemoglobin in the red blood cells which effects the oxygen flow. This disease is inherited from the parents of the offspring. There are four forms of this disease called Silent Carrier State, Alpha Thalassemia Trait,Hemoglobin H Disease, Alpha Thalassemia Major. The first listed had one affected gene, the second has two affected genes, the third has three affected genes and the fourth has four affected genes.
Imagine you have a friend who has a budget problem. Every month he spends more than he earns. His credit card bills are piling up. He is clearly on an unsustainable path. Then one day he comes to you with an idea. Friend: I am going to take off a few days from work and fly down to Bermuda for a quick vacation. You: But isn't that expensive? Won't that just add to your growing debts? Friend: Yes, it is expensive. But my plan is deficit-neutral. I have decided to give up that half-caf, extra-shot caramel macchiato I order at Starbucks twice every day. I really don't need that expensive drink. And if I give it up for the next three years, it will pay for my Bermuda trip. You: Well, then, how are you going to solve the problem of your growing debts? Friend: I am going to figure that out as soon as I return from Bermuda. You: But in light of your budget problem, maybe you should give up Starbucks and skip the Bermuda vacation. Giving up Starbucks could be the easiest way to start balancing your budget. Friend: You really aren't any fun, are you? This conversation is meant to illustrate why claims of deficit-neutrality in the healthcare reform bill should not give much comfort to those worried about the U.S. fiscal situation. Even if you believe that the spending cuts and tax increases in the bill make it deficit-neutral, the legislation will still make solving the problem of the fiscal imbalance harder, because it will use up some of the easier ways to close the shortfall. The remaining options will be less attractive, making the eventual fiscal adjustment more painful. 
One thing I always wanted: a clear resin toilet seat, the kind that comes embedded with hundreds of pennies. You can find this type of thing in gigantic Las Vegas souvenir stores and other fine outlets of all-American kitsch. I mean, c'mon-- who doesn't like finding money where you least expect it? So then let's fast-forward to the end of September, when Topps releases Treasury Basketball, a product featuring cards literally stuffed with cash. Each box is guaranteed a rip card, with exactly 429 of them containing actual United States currency (neatly folded $10, $20, $50, $100, $500, and $1,000 bills). OK. I can find a lot of problems with this, the least of which being that Topps has to remove their pack disclaimer that they don't claim to know if cards will have any future value, since 429 cards will be worth at least $10. But that's petty in comparison to the pandora's box this opens. What Topps has created is a lottery. Not just a pseudo-lottery that the card industry has become in general, with packs containing rare autographs and game-used memorabilia, but an actual one with predictable odds and real money changing hands. Kind of scary, isn't it? Here's something else to consider: let's say you find one of the cards containing a $20 bill. Do you open it up? Or is it more valuable than $20 if you leave it intact? Also, what if it's stamped with a 1/50 serial number? Does that make it more valuable than $20? But perhaps the harshest indictment of the state of the card industry is this: Topps is proclaiming that finding actual cash in a pack is the next step in the evolution of the insert card. And they may have caught on to something: it is probably far cheaper to include cash in a product than spending lots more on securing contracts for autographs and game-used memorabilia. And besides, autos and relics have become so commonplace that finding one in a pack no longer carries the same weight it once did. If cash cards in a basketball product with limited originality or appeal works, the practice will soon become a staple of the hobby. 
Notes. Well, that's all she wrote: With only 15/75 new stickers, my sticker album will be forever unfinished. And only 11 stickers short. So that means that within my box of 500 stickers, I only got 249 individual stickers (and 251 others). What I find most interesting about this is the idea of where certain stickers appeared within the box, and then how long it took to get a double, and then sometimes a triple, of that sticker [the Pack Pocket hypothesis, introduced in Sunday's post]. Highlight stickers seemed to appear in the first third of the box, World Series and League Leaders appeared in the last third, and All-Stars appeared throughout. Also, I completed the Red Sox team page before receiving a single Padre, and for a very long time was one Jim Palmer sticker from completing the Orioles team page, only then to receive two Palmers within a few packs of each other towards the end of the box. Other Notes... This sticker of Omar Moreno has to be the worst sticker in the entire book. Why isn't he facing the camera? A sane person would not have known it was Moreno... I've been staring at the album cover for a while now and I'm convinced that a) the players obscured by the large "25¢" in the lower right corner are shown in team-less uniforms, which is bizarre, and b) Gary Carter's eyes are closed, which begs the question: Why didn't Topps use a photo of one of the World Series-winning LA Dodgers? Like Valenzuela mid-windup or Ron Cey picking his nose?... And speaking of Dodgers, like the other teams, there are only eight players on the team page: Ken Landreaux, Dusty Baker, Ron Cey, Steve Garvey, Pedro Guerrero, Fernando Valenzuela, Burt Hooton, and Jerry Reuss. OK, so most of them are star players, but because the team won the World Series, I would've thought that Topps would have given them a spread. Because how would you feel if you were Davey Lopes, Mike Scioscia or Bill Russell? Or even Tommy Lasorda, for that matter? If anyone deserved a sticker, it was Davey Lopes. The guy was traded after the 1981 season to the A's presumably because he was 36. But then he goes on to put up respectable numbers for six more seasons, including a great 1985 with the Cubs, where he steals 47 bases while getting caught only four times. I'm Davey Lopes! Gimme my damn sticker! Final Notes. In the next few days I'm going to do a post outlining the entire box, just to see if there's any reason to the madness of opening 100 packs and not finishing the set. 
For any parent, finding out that your baby or child has cerebral palsy is nothing short of devastating. It's hard to describe the emotional turmoil you begin to go through when you hear those two words confirmed for the first time. It conjours up all sorts of terrifying thoughts, and some of these I will try to convey over the coming weeks. “Cerebral” refers to the brain and “palsy” to muscle weakness/poor control. Cerebral palsy itself is not progressive (i.e. the brain damage does not get worse). However, secondary conditions, such as muscle spasticity, can develop which may get better over time, get worse, or remain the same. Cerebral palsy is not infectious. It is not a disease and should not be referred to as such. Although cerebral palsy is not “curable” in the accepted sense, training and therapy can help improve function. Ella and her twin brother Max were born extremely prematurely at just 26 weeks gestation (3 months early), and I intend to talk about this in more detail as time progresses. Extreme prematurity (and prematurity in general) present an increased risk of developing cerebral palsy. Unfortunately, during Ella's stay in the various Neonatal Intensive Care Units (NICU) that saved her life, she suffered extensive brain damage as a result of a fungal infection/haemorrhaging (the subject of much debate between the hospitals that looked after her!). Miraculously, and beyond all initial expectations, our little soldiers, Max and Ella, came home to us in March 2006. So to kick this off, it's now 4 months since Ella was diagnosed as showing early signs of cerebral palsy (CP). As with all things web, it's very easy to get bogged down by information overload. I know, I've been there several times! I'm hoping this blog will help to provide a central resource for other parents wanting to know more about CP, and I hope to share our personal experiences with Ella as an ongoing journal.
About 2 or 3 weeks ago I went to Prestatyn in Wales with my mum, stepdad, sister and brother. When we got there I wanted to go home because it was a lot busier than where we went to last year ( borth ). Anyway I stayed and I gradually got used to it. A few days later I wanted to go on the go-karts but I was nervous. So my stepdad and my brother went on first and then my stepdad and my sister went on 2nd, then finally I went on, I had I great time and because I did it I went on loads more times ( about 4 times ) throughout the holiday. I loved walking on the beach and going into the water. So I had a great time. Thanks Mum and Stepdad for paying. Thanks for reading ,bye.
I never saw Fred McGriff play in person. And yet, here he is in Fenway Park circa 1989-1990. A friend of mine used to have tickets about 20 rows behind home plate and I remember going to a number of games around that time. Nor did I ever really watch games that McGriff played in. My family, like everybody else who got cable, got all the Braves games on TBS. But that didn't mean I watched them. So then here's my question: Can I legitimately call McGriff my favorite player if I a) never saw him play in person and b) never made much of an effort to catch his games on TV? I think I'm safe. McGriff fit what I was looking for in a baseball hero. To me, he was obscure. And if you know anything about my values system, obscurity ranks very high. Oh sure, he wasn't a face in the crowd to fans of the game. But ask a random person on the street who McGriff was and I'd bet nine out of ten wouldn't know. And yet, here's the funny thing: if McGriff had spent his career in a baseball mecca like Boston or New York, I'm completely convinced that his national presence would've rivaled that of Boggs, Mattingly or any other of his more famous contemporaries. 
I'm not sure whether I'm doing this right or not as I've never blogged before, but I'm in search of information regarding swallowing and blockage. My wife and I are caregivers of my father-in-law who is in later stages of Parkinsons. He was recently diagonosed with severe blockage of the throat as he chokes on everything he eats. His only enjoyment in life has been eating and he refused the recommended feeding tube. Is anyone are of any type of surgery in lieu of the feeding tube?
I started The Baseball Card Blog, funny enough, to blog about baseball cards. Collecting baseball cards, trading baseball cards, buying baseball cards. Dealing—tongue firmly in cheek—with the addiction of baseball cards. Openly questioning the sanity of my own fawning over sports stars and their small cardboard representations. But The Baseball Card Blog became other things as well, though I tried very hard to keep it on topic. This was not to be about my life, unless my life somehow had something to do with baseball cards. This was not to be a forum for ragging on private individuals; I made a point of keeping angry thoughts private. I poured a lot of time into this blog. I spent a lot of energy writing the stuff I wanted to write: dissertations I felt were needed on sparsely represented topics (hello, 1987 Topps); artistic interpretations to epic odes of futility (Casey at the Bat); giving away cards I liked (The Great Goudey Trade-away); highlighting funny things about utilitymen, bit players, managers, and bona fide stars. I enjoyed this kind of thing. And then I didn't. I explored selling the blog. I explored bringing in new writers. Ultimately, none of these were ideas I saw to completion. The Baseball Card Blog was retired. I added a link to the Wikipedia page for Casey at the Bat and nobody took it down. I stopped writing. But I didn't stop collecting. Or reading others' blogs. I kept up with Cardboard Junkie (still my favorite). I started collecting the T118 (World's Greatest Explorers) and T218 (Mecca/Hassan Athletic Champions) sets. I am just about 50% complete on the 1962 Post Cereal set. I started collecting 1956 Topps, 1967 Who Am I?, and lots of miscuts, printing errors and blank fronts and backs. I even got in touch with The Baseball Reliquary in Monrovia, California, about donating a hard copy of the baseball-card Casey at the Bat, but still haven't got my act together to send it along to them. And all of these things slowly made me want to start writing about it all again. Not religiously blogging three or four times a day so that it gets in the way of me living the rest of my life. But simply writing about baseball cards when I have the time. I had to take a year off. Now it's time to dust off the cobwebs, tinker with the setup, and see how long it will take me to put together a set by simply buying packs. BH January 1, 2010 
Two recent shareposts, “The Depression-Mania Two Step” (Part I and Part II ), zeroed in on a crucial fact that tends to be overlooked by clinicians, namely: Despite the fact that depression and mania present as polar opposites, the two can hardly be viewed as unrelated. For our own health and safety, they need to be seen together as part of the same cycling phenomenon. Today's depression is tomorrow's mania, but there is another twist: Too often, depression fails to clear the room. Too often, mania doesn't wait to be invited in. The two show up at once. The dance is over. A free-for-all breaks out. The experts refer to the condition as a “mixed” episode or state. Sweet mania turns sour. Vegetative depression becomes animated. Those who have been through either describe the experience as akin to wanting to crawl out of your skin, of feeling the urge to grab the world by the throat and wring it. I used to joke: “I get road rage a lot - and I don't even drive.” Amazingly, for a condition so pronounced, that causes so much distress, the DSM-IV is inexcusably vague, and so will its successor, the DSM-5 (due out in 2013), based on draft proposals issued last month. The good news is that the DSM-5's criteria for a mixed state will be far less restrictive. In light of the fact that in all other respects DSM-IV bipolar and DSM-5 bipolar are virtually identical, this is a very significant development. The current DSM recognizes mixed states only when full-blown depression is accompanied by full-blown mania. Thus: at least five (of nine) depression symptoms accompanied by at least four (of seven) mania symptoms. Technically, then, only those with bipolar I qualify. But in the real world, individuals may experience depression accompanied by only two or three mania/hypomania symptoms. Or mania with just two or three depression symptoms. Don't these symptoms somehow count? Yes, says Ellen Frank PhD of the University of Pittsburgh. In an interview several years ago, Dr Frank explained to me that “even isolated symptoms that don't cluster together to create episodes may be important." A 2004 study she collaborated on with Giovanni Cassano MD of the University of Pisa found that just one symptom of mania (the symptom list in the study was much longer and more refined than the DSM list) in unipolar depression increased risk for suicidal ideation 4.2 percent. More symptoms kept upping the risk. So what do we do with these so-called unipolars? Treat them as if they had pure depression? According to Hagop Akiskal MD of UCSD, in a journal article, “the nonrecognition of depressive mixed state is nothing short of a clinical tragedy because these are the very 'unipolar' depressive patients who are likely to do poorly on antidepressants …” These would be your agitated depressions, an unbearable energized psychic pain. Looking at it from the mania/hypomania side of the divide: In a 2003 grand rounds lecture at UCLA, Trisha Suppes MD, PhD of Stanford described having an epiphany while reading the DSM criteria for hypomania. "I said, wait, where are all those patients of mine who are hypomanic and say they don't feel good?"
If you had ten seconds to grab a few things and dash out of your house before the world around you collapsed, what would you grab? A cell phone? Your checkbook? A clean pair of underpants? Photos of your loved ones? Your medications? Or would you go directly for your favorite cards? I'm not writing this to make you feel bad about collecting sports cards and memorabilia when there are people suffering somewhere in the world, nor to make light of the situation. You don't need a sportscard blogger to tell you that the catastrophe in Haiti is a terrible thing and that you should help those affected in any way you can. I would choose medications, but that's just me. If you said that you would make a bee-line for your cards, don't feel bad: I don't think it's wrong to feel real emotions towards your cards. But let's be practical here. Choosing your sports memorabilia when what you really need is a toothbrush or your Social Security card may not work for more than a few minutes, unless the sports memorabilia has some sort of value in a collapsed world. And this could very well be the case. It would not surprise me in the least that something like a Babe Ruth–signed baseball could hold barter value in a collapsed world, because of the possibility of the world being rebuilt at some point with the same rules and values system that existed before. Sports cards themselves are a different, much-less-convincing subject. So instead of spending valuable seconds determining if you really want to save that sports card — be it a 1957 Topps Frank Malzone or a 2008 Playoff Contenders Matt Ryan autographed rookie — keep it in your wallet. Sure, carrying it around with you in your back pocket will beat it to pieces, but that shouldn't matter if you two truly can't be separated. 
So, my youngest brother Sean challenged me to run in the Philadelphia Marathon in 2005. While I've played sports all of my life, I had never liked running. We did it, and I count it as my biggest athletic accomplishment to date. It's 2008, and I plan to run some 5ks's and MAYBE ultimately build back to a marathon, with a 3:30 goal. Follow me as I battle Crohn's disease and a busy schedule.
In case you haven't been following me on Twitter or Facebook the past few days...Tricia was admitted into the hospital on Tuesday evening. An x-ray during her oncology appointment on Tuesday showed something in her lungs...fortunately, he doesn't believe it is lymphoma...it may be a fungal lung infection. Tricia has been coughing for a few weeks, so we figured something was going on. She hasn't been feeling bad, just a little more tired than usual, and a visit last week to the local ER didn't show anything. But, last night, after 24 hours in the hospital and a bronchoscopy that morning, she had a fever of 103. She is feeling better this morning. We are waiting for results from blood work and biopsies to determine what the problem is. They have started her on IV antibiotics. Because she will probably be at Duke through the weekend, Gwyneth and I returned home ysterday afternoon. We'll wait for the call to go back and bring Tricia home. Thanks for your prayers for Tricia this week. I'll update more when I can, and give you an update on Gwyneth's appointments later.
If you compare vision research with NLP research, there are a lot of interesting parallels. Like we both like linear models. And conditional random fields. And our problems are a lot harder than binary classification. And there are standard data sets that we've been evaluating on for decades and continue to evaluate on (I'm channeling Bob here :P). But there's one thing that happens, the difference of which is so striking, that I'd like to call it to center stage. It has to do with "messing with our inputs." I'll spend a bit more time describing the vision approach, since it's probably less familiar to the average reader. Suppose I'm trying to handwriting recognition to identify digits from zero to nine (aka MNIST). I get, say, 100 labeled zeros, 100 labeled ones, 100 labeled twos and so on. So a total of 1000 data points. I can train any off the shelf classifier based on pixel level features and get some reasonable performance (maybe 80s-90s, depending). Now, I want to insert knowledge. The knowledge that I want to insert is some notion of invariance. I.e., if I take an image of a zero and translate it left a little bit, it's still a zero. Or up a little bit. Of if I scale it up 10%, it's still a zero. Or down 10%. Or if I rotate it five degrees. Or negative five. All zeros. Same hold for all the other digits. One way to insert this knowledge is to muck with the learning algorithm. That's too complicated for me: I want something simpler. So what I'll do is take my 100 zeros and 100 ones and so on and just manipulate them a bit. That is, I'll sample a random zero, and apply some small random transformations to it, and call it another labeled example, also a zero. Now I have 100,000 training points. I train my off the shelf classifier based on pixel level features and get 99% accuracy or more. The same trick works for other vision problem (eg., recognizing animals). (This process is so common that it's actually described in Chris Bishop's new-ish PRML book!) 
When players come into the league, they either do or do not live up to their hype. Doesn't matter who—Alex Rodriguez, Fred Lynn, Bob Hamelin, or Stephen Strasburg—it seems like everybody is subject to hype. (A great movie about this, in a roundabout way, is Sugar.) But what about the guys who fly under the radar? Guys who just sort of show up? Where do they stand? In a world dominated by information, it's hard to imagine a player making it to the majors today without at least one news source commenting on his talent (or lack thereof). I'm not old enough to remember John Doherty. His statistics suggest he didn't really belong in the major leagues, or the high minor leagues, for that matter, but he hung around the California Angels for parts of two seasons (1974, 1975), and triple-AAA for six others. But you'd think someone must remember him, right? You'd think fans of the game or little kids collecting cards in the mid-1970s would know about John Doherty of the Angels. And maybe they do, but I'd venture a guess that the circle is relatively small—say, limited to the Los Angeles, California–area. The reason? This card of Doherty (1975 Topps) was his only Topps card. Ever. And it's not a memorable card. The only reason I pulled it from a stack last night was because I didn't recognize the face or the name, and because his face was so close to the camera. Right away that's a bad sign, possibly meaning no photo of him in game-play action, or the batting cage, for that matter, was taken (though he's wearing a left-handed batting helmet). Even the signature (from his Topps contract) emblazoned across his neck is hurriedly scrawled, as if Doherty, too, was surprised by the dumb luck of his being called up. The game's history is filled with "cup of coffee" guys. For some players, that means one inning of mop-up duty, or a few games as a fourth outfielder. For others, it's parts of a few seasons, or an exceptional first season followed by a disappointing second. And then nothing. We will remember Stephen Strasburg, no matter how he performs in the majors, just like we remember Clint Hurdle and Brien Taylor. But John Doherty? All I can say is, Who? 
There are tons of "how to apply for academic jobs" write-ups out there; this is not one of them. It's been four years (egads!) since I began my job search and there are lots of things I think I did well and lots of things I wish I had done differently. When I entered grad school, I was fairly sure that I eventually wanted a university job. During high school, my career goal was to be a high school math teacher. Then I went to college and realized that, no, I wanted to teach math to undergraduates. Then I was an advanced undergraduate and realized that I wanted to teach grads and do research. Teaching was always very important to me, though of course I fell in love with research later. It was unfortunate that it took so long for me to actually get involved in research, but my excuse was that I wasn't in CS, where REU-style positions are plentiful and relatively easy to come by (system development, anyone?). However, the more time I spend in grad school, including an internship at MSR with Eric Brill (but during which I befriended many in the NLP group at MSR, a group that I still love), I realized that industry labs were a totally great place to go, too. I ended up applying to basically everything under the sun, provided they had a non-zero number of faculty in either NLP or ML. I talked (mostly off the record) with a few people about post-doc positions (I heard later than simultaneously exploring post-docs and academic positions is not a good idea: hiring committees don't like to "reconsider" people; I don't know how true this is, but I heard it too late myself to make any decisions based on it), applied for some (okay, many) tenure-track positions, some research-track positions (okay, few) and to the big three industry labs. I wrote three cover letters, one more tailored to NLP, one more to ML and one more combined, three research statements (ditto) and one teaching statement. In retrospect, they were pretty reasonable, I think, though not fantastic. I don't think I did enough to make my future research plans not sound like "more of the same." 
There is a cool view of the whole non-parametric Bayes thing that I think is very instructive. It's easiest to see in the case of the Pitman-Yor language modeling work by Frank Wood and Yee Whye Teh. The view is "memorize what you can, and back off (to a parametric model) when you can't." This is basically the "backoff" view... where NP Bayes comes in is to control the whole "what you can" aspect. In other words, if you're doing language modeling, try to memorize two grams; but if you haven't seen enough to be confident in your memorization, back off to one grams; and if you're not confident there, back off to a uniform distribution (which is our parametric model -- the base distribution). Or, if you think about the state-splitting PCFG work (done both at Berkeley and at Stanford), basically what's going on is that we're memorizing as many differences of tree labels as we can, and then backing off to the "generic" label when memorization fails. Or if we look at Trevor Cohn's NP-Bayes answer to DOP, we see a similar thing: memorize big tree chunks, but if you can't, fall back to a simple CFG (our parametric model). Now, the weird thing is that this mode of memorization is kind of backwards from how I (as an outsider) typically interpret cognitive models (any cogsci people out there, feel free to correct me!). If you take, for instance, morphology, there's evidence that this is exactly not what humans do. We (at least from a popular science) perspective, basically memorize simple rules and then remember exceptions. That is, we remember that to make the past tense of a verb, we add "-ed" (the sound, not the characters) but for certain verbs, we don't: go/went, do/did, etc. You do little studies where you ask people to inflect fake words and they generally follow the rule, not the exceptions (but see * below). 
Depressed isn't the same as sad. It's worse than sad. Depression lies closer to numbness. How do people who do not, by the most wonderful roll of the genetic dice, suffer from depression? And, further, how much do they understand about those of us who do? There's been so much talk about depression on television and the internet that I'd have to guess that the average non-depressive person has a better idea of what the story is than was the case decades ago. Big Pharma has spent enormous sums of money "explaining" to people who suffer from clinical depression that it's not their "fault." Typically, the ads contain a quickly-shifting series of micro-vignettes, showing the various forms depression can take. You know them: they show men and depressed women wallowing in misery. Staring off into space. Toying with their food. Ignoring the obligatory, confused and sympathetic golden Labrador. Veiled hints about a lack of connubial bliss. Pitying, confused, resentful glances from co-workers. (Please forgive the absence of my usual parallelism in the preceding phrases. I'm not thinking as clearly as I do most of the time. Wait! Maybe I'm depressed!!! Holy guacamole, Batman.) Awright, awright. Here's the gist of what I'm muttering about. "Depressed" isn't the same as "sad." It's worse than sad. Sadness is a relatively active state, in that you're feeling something. Depression, in my vast experience, both first- and second-hand, lies closer to numbness. When I'm really getting beaten up by my chemicals, I'm not sad. I'm a complete zombie. I'm not afraid, either. My head keeps hearing, or saying (I'm definitely not together enough to start an investigation of the issue of duality) "Don't be sad, don't be frightened. Maybe the frost will work a big piece of a Palladian pediment loose and it will fall on your head as I'm strolling up Madison Avenue, and then you won't have to worry about being sad or frightened, right?" It's truly pathetic how comforting this possibility can be. That's it for now. Depression has its icy hands wrapped tightly around my larynx. But I'm not sad. You want to see sad, watch someone who finds out that his golden retriever is terminally ill. That's sad. I'm just sitting here like a rutabaga, trying to find the strength to go to tai chi.
Today I baked alive at Brimfield Flea Market in Brimfield, Massachusetts. If you've never been there, it's 17 open fields strung along Route 20, which for three weeks of each year are crammed full of leathery-skinned antiques dealers, junk collectors, hoboes, drug addicts, and certified weirdos. And a good time is had by all. This year I went twice (July and September), each time filling up on weird stuff. July's big score was an uncut sheet of Wacky Packages from 1979. This time around I brought home a safe deposit box from an old bank, which coincidentally is the perfect size for holding baseball cards. I also scored on miscut cards. On top of the major haul from Scott in New Jersey (more on Scott's Haul in a later post), these cards are helping make miscuts my next big 'thing.' And just my luck, all three of the miscuts I found today feature Hall of Famers. 
...For now, anyway. I missed the end of the Senate Appropiations meeting, but according to an article from YourWestValley.com and a couple of Facebook updates, the measure failed in committee today by a 3 - 5 vote. It could be brought back later via another striker, so it won't be completely dead until the end of the legislative session. However, it's an election year, and all members of the lege are up for reelection in November and very few want to be viewed as someone who thwarted the will of the voters on this topic. So for now, enjoy this small victory, perhaps the only one the average Arizonan will see until the November elections when they'll have the opportunity throw out the ideologues who have worked so diligently to undermine Arizona's future. Later... 
Machine learning as a field has been very convex-happy for the past decade or so. So much so that when I saw a tutorial on submodular optimization in ML (one of the best tutorials I've seen), they said something along the lines of "submodularity will be for this decade what convexity was for the last decade." (Submodularity is cool and I'll post about it more in the future, but it's kind of a discrete analog of convexity. There's a NIPS workshop on the topic coming up.) This gives a sense of how important convexity has been. There's also a bit of an undercurrent of "convexity isn't so great" from other sides of the ML community (roughly from the neural nets folks); see, for instance, Yann LeCun's talk Who's Afraid of Non-convex Loss Functions, a great and entertaining talk. There's a part of me that loves convexity. Not having to do random restarts, being assured of global convergence, etc., all sounds very nice. I use logistic regression/maxent for almost all of my classification needs, have never run a neural network, and have only occasionally used svms (though of course they are convex, too). When I teach ML (as I'm doing now), I make a bit deal about convexity: it makes life easy in many ways. That said, almost none of my recent papers reflect this. In fact, in the structure compilation paper, we flat out say that non-linearity in the model (which leads to a non-convex loss function) is the major reason why CRFs outperform independent classifiers in structured prediction tasks! Moreover, whenever I start doing Bayesian stuff, usually solved with some form of MCMC, I've completely punted on everything convex. In a "voting with my feet" world, I could care less about convexity! For the most part, if you're using EM or sampling or whatever, you don't care much about it either. Somehow we (fairly easily!) tolerate whatever negative effects there are of non-convex optimization. 
I'm sure you've heard of extrasensory perception (ESP). Well, what I have is EAP, or extra-allergy perception. When you have allergic-asthma as long as I have, this is a skill you develop. Okay, so I suppose you're wondering what EAP is. Well, it's the ability to know when something around you is one of your allergy triggers. It's the ability to know what places you need to avoid. Actually, it's quite a neat skill. As far as I know, I'm the only person alive with this skill. I'll give you an example. As I enter another person's home, I can "sense" as soon as I walk in if that person has a dog. And I know I need to either get out, or prepare myself for an allergy or asthma attack. As I enter my dad's cabin, for example, I can sense that there are a lot of dust mites and molds, and that I must not stay long. I also get this feeling as I enter certain homes. My EAP is pretty accurate too. For example, when I went to Florida a few years ago, my wife wanted to spend the night at her cousins. Well, as soon as I entered that house I had this feeling I was going to have trouble. I told her I was going to have a rough night. "Oh, you'll be fine. It's all in your head," she said. Voila, at bedtime, my allergies and early warning signs showed their ugly faces. I was puffing on my inhaler all night, and I was tired the entire next day. When I got to my parents home the next day I received no such sensation. I knew I'd be safe during the rest of the vacation.
Cool post! When doing research on deseases that can benefit a human body I was unable to find much. However after thinking a bit more, I came to the conclusion that common deseases such as colds can make you less vonarble to other deseases. This is not due to the cold it's selfe but to the reaction your body has due to the cold. One of the reactions you body has when it detects a cold is nasal congestion, which helps keep other viruses away. Altough many do not apreciate nasal congestions, it is essential when it comes to keeping your body healthy. Here is some more information on nasal congestion.
I've been held captive by the 1953 Topps Eddie Mathews Mystique for years. It's officially my favorite card, and I've put off buying it until I had enough money for one in near-mint condition. But then something strange happened. I began to really love miscut cards. And it turned out that there are a plethora of miscut cards from the 1953 Topps set. Needless to say I jumped on this one as soon as I found it. Here's where it gets really great. That other card that's along the bottom? It's the lower tenth of Roy Campanella's card, who's my other favorite player from Mathews' era. I think it's interesting to note that, using this card and the one of Clem Labine I posted previously as examples, Topps seemed to line up their cards one row up, one row down on their uncut sheets. Because the design featured a black box along a portion of the bottom of each card, you'd think that this set would've had a ton of miscuts. 
Some of my first thoughts were: How severe will it be? Is Ella going to be diplegic, hemiplegic, quadraplegic? How will she cope? How will we cope (both together and with Ella)? What happens to her when we're gone (not too soon hopefully!) Some thoughts were purely selfish; we're only human. Some thoughts were misdirected rage, looking for someone or something to blame etc., some were of despair. As the time passes, it's becoming easier. I'm fine! … why am I moaning … I don't have CP. I suppose it's because we all want the best for our kids, and CP doesn't fit in with that. Of course it doesn't. But one thing resounds every time I look at the both of them: As 26 weeker preemies, it's a miracle they're even here. 5 months of hell in NICU, with doctors telling you that your kids are unlikely to make it through the night is enough to put your personal angst well and truly in place! Most of the thoughts you begin to realise are selfish ones, and it certainly starts to put other aspects of your life into perspective. It's Ella who counts at the end of the day, and we owe it to her to do whatever we can to make her life as happy and enriched as we can. Unfortunately, Ella was also classified as severely deaf along with her brother back in May. This made things even worse when I found out about her CP diagnosis. I will never forget the moment when I asked the following question at one of their review clinics: “If Ella is deaf and she has CP, how will she be able to communicate?”. He simply replied, “The worst case scenario is that you're looking at life long care in a wheelchair”. He told it how it was, but it really was the worst case scenario, and the truth is, you just don't know how it will pan out until they're around 18 months+. Even then, it's an unwritten book. At the time, I went white, felt sick and the room consisting of my wife and 5 of the community help team went deathly silent. That's the only way I can describe it. My wife asked another question and we moved on. 4 months on, Ella is now showing signs of recovering from her hearing loss, and she's making great strides improving on many of the things she was unable to do. We only suspected CP when she was lagging behind Max in her developmental progression. At the end of the day, she's showing an overwhelming desire to overcome the problems that hinder her, and it's this that we will help her strive to achieve.
Something is wrong with this picture. Yes, there is no actual team depicted on this team card, but perhaps more importantly, there are no fountains beyond the outfield fence of Kauffman Stadium. It's one thing for a terrible team with no discernible national star (Mark Grudzielanek and Emil Brown, anyone?) to downplay a 100-loss season. But it's another thing entirely to rob a sure-to-be-boring card of its one potential highlight. When they don't even bother to turn on the fountains, you know they've given up. It's almost like the Royals were trying to slip by undetected for the year. It's a bold move, one that I'm not sure I agree with, but an interesting tactic nonetheless. Let me see if I've got this right: if you don't put out a team photo, nobody will remember how much you sucked. 
to rndssis: I have early onset PD, was diagnosed in 98, and am progressing very slowly. The reason for that, I believe, is that I primarily treat my PD with anti oxidants, including CoQ10, and Cranberry Extract. Also, I delayed taking Sinemet as long as possible, and if I were you, I'd get off it right away! It makes the symptoms better but helps the disease progress because it metabolizes into a chemical that actually kills off the mitochondria in brain cells with oxidative stress! If I were you, I'd try Comtan (slows down the breakdown of dopamine) and one of the dopamine agonists (I take Mirapex, tried Requip but it made me sick). Even though your neurolgist won't like this (If he won't do it, get him to prescribe Sinemet too, and just don't take it), beleive me, you will progress a lot more slowly!
Good news. I'm just back from my 6 monthly appointment with my rheumatologist. When I arrived the nurses asked if I was settling back into Lincolnshire life after that famous holiday. They wanted to know where I'd been to do so much to my liver and were so amused that i had been staying in a convent in Jerusalem. Cue jokes about communion wine. They asked if anyone had commented on last weeks blood test and I said "No not yet". So she looked it up and said that it wasn't really good news because the liver results were a little bit higher yet. Good job she'd taken my blood pressure before telling me that. But when I saw the consultant he wasn't bothered at all. He has agreed that I can reduce the methotrexate to just 4 per week and is happy with how my joints are looking. I specifically asked about the liver results and he said he thought they were more likely caused by the diabetes. When I had last weeks blood test I also had the tests for my annual diabetes review and apparantly my cholestral is raised. He didn't comment on the rest of the diabetic tests so that is a joy I have for next week when i have the review. I have never taken my diabetes seriously because I've always had enough to worry about with arthritis but now that is under control I know I'll have to think diabetes. I've only stopped eating chocolate because of the wish to lose weigh and the weght loss blog so you can see I have to rethink quite seriously. Maybe it's time I also joined the diabetes blog!!!! Well I'd have an extra glass of wine to celebrate but it's weigh in day tomorrow so have to watch the calories!
One of the basic tenets of the Tao of McGriff... Be consistent. Example: Fred McGriff performed in post-season play the same way he did during the regular season: consistently well. Or, I consistently get my hopes up, only for it to result in heartbreak. Staying up late to watch the Red Sox crush the will of the Anaheim of Los Angeles of Interstate 5 of California Angels has given me ample time to contemplate Vlad Guerrero and the importance of post-season performance in the eyes of Hall of Fame voters. For all that has been said about Guerrero's post-season drought, I am completely convinced that, when he is first eligible for the Hall of Fame, he will be elected with one of the highest vote percentages in recent memory. I'm thinking in the neighborhood of 92-94% on the first ballot. I'm not entirely convinced that post-season exploits should weigh that much in the mind of the voter. Sure, it will help McGriff's case that his career postseason batting average is over .300 and he's socked 10 post-season home runs. Post-season success will also help someone like Curt Schilling. His performance with the Diamondbacks in 2001 and with the Red Sox in 2004 and 2007 will bolster his resume in the eyes of the HOF voters. But really if there's anything that should push Schilling into the Hall, it's his character; his playing through pain in clutch situations. I, for one, don't think I could walk around with a tendon stapled to my ankle, let alone pitch. (Well, I guess I could if I was allowed to bring a folding chair to the mound and pitch to Little Leaguers. And I was high on morphine.) 
I give you 1968 Topps #38, Tony Pierce, with razor-sharp sides and corners, and I-swear-it's-original-gloss. It's well-centered on the front and the tid-bit of fantastical info on the back is incredible (Tony once struck out 5 batters in one inning at high school). But best of all, you'll go blind looking at it. This particular piece of cardboard badly misaligned when it was time to hit the blue rollers in the printing process, resulting in an almost 3-D effect on the team name and missing ink in other areas. It all feels like a waste, too, since the photo is so boring (it looks like the photographer asked Tony to take his hat off and gaze stoically into the distance, like a tired farmer at the edge of a field). If only this had happened to a card featuring a more dynamically posed player... but this was 1968, so I guess that rules out Vicente Romo doing jazz hands (1970), or Dock Ellis thrusting the ball at the camera in an attempt to get the viewer as high as he was (1969). 
The representation put forward for this story is something like: (1) negative-for-John (the car won't start), which leads to (2) motivation-for-John (to get it started, which leads to (3) positive-for-John (it's started), when then links back and resolves (1). You can also analyze the story from Paul's perspective, and then add links that go between the two characters showing how things interact. The rest of the paper describes how these relations work, and how they can be put together into more complex event sequences (such as "promised request bungled"). Again, a high level representation of how stories work from the perspective of the characters. So now I, W, hope that you, R, have an increased belief in the title of the post. Why do I think this is interesting? Because at this point, we know a lot about how to deal with structure in language. From a machine learning perspective, if you give me a structure and some data (and some features!), I will learn something. It can even be unsupervised if it makes you feel better. So in a sense, I think we're getting to a point where we can go back, look at some really hard problems, use the deep linguistic insights from two decades (or more) ago, and start taking a crack at things that are really deep. Of course, features are a big problem; as a very wise man once said to me: "Language is hard. The fact that statistical association mining at the word level made it appear easy for the past decade doesn't alter the basic truth. :-)." We've got many of the ingredients to start making progress, but it's not going to be easy! 
This has nothing to do with asthma, yet I'm going to report it off to you anyway. I had a 2-year-old kid I was just scheduled to give a breathing treatment. He was actually diagnosed with pneumonia, and doesn't need the treatment, but that's beside the point. The reason I mention this here is because the kid, when I entered the room, was crying. He kept saying over and over, "Mommy! Mommy!" Yes. He wanted his mommy. He wanted the one person he is most attached to. And yet, she was no where to be found. Once the child was admitted, she went home. So, after I gave my treatment, I sat with the kid. I put on a cartoon on the TV, and I talked to him. It took a while, but I eventually had him calmed down. Then I sat with him for a while, as he snuggled with his little stuffed puppy. This kind of reminded me of when I was two and my parents left me in a hospital all alone. Yes, I was 2 years old in 1972, and my parents left me alone. There was a policy back then that parents weren't allowed to stay in the hospital after hours, so once visiting hours were over, they had to go home.
Backed by a 4-0 week, Scarlet Knight junior Pat Biserta earned Rutgers' first weekly baseball award of the season as he was tabbed BIG EAST Player of the Week. Louisville junior righthander Neil Holland was named BIG EAST Pitcher of the Week. Biserta hit .550 with three home runs, three doubles and a triple to drive in 13 runs and score nine in a 4-0 week for Rutgers. In the three-game sweep at Florida International, he hit .529 with nine hits, including three home runs and three doubles and drove in 13 runs while scoring seven in the three games. In the series finale on 3/14, Biserta hit a grand slam to give Rutgers the lead late in the contest. In the series opener against FIU on 3/12, Biserta went 5-for-7 with three doubles and a home run to drive in six runs and score four in the contest. He had multiple hits in all four games on the week. Holland had another impressive week with a win and two saves as No. 10/11 Louisville went 3-1 and improved to 14-1 on the season. Holland earned a save in the Cards' mid-week win over Indiana, a win in Louisville's 6-1, 12-inning win at No. 18/17 Ole Miss on 3/12 and a save in the 10-8 series-clinching win over the Rebels on 3/14. He is 2-0 on the season with three saves and a 0.54 ERA in 16.2 innings. Holland also has 22 strikeouts, has allowed only two hits and one earned run. 
Every Wednesday my school takes groups of students out and you have options where you can choose to go. The options this week where Swimming, walking and gym. I decided to go to the gym. When we got there a man had to show you around and tell you how to use the equipment, I didnt want to talk to him so I stayed with my teacher in the hall. In the gym it was very loud music and a lot of people so I didnt go in, I just stayed in the hall. Then my teacher took me for a walk for a few minutes. I am not going there next week . thanks for reading, bye.
A job I've always enjoyed is planning. In college I did the advertising and promotional planning for my school's campus movie theater, and one of my responsibilities at my old job was media planning for a variety of the firm's clients (media planning refers to deciding where and when an ad will run). In my new job I'll be doing more of the same, which is fine by me. There's just something about planning an event and then sitting back and watching it be a success that is exciting to me. I guess I've got a behind-the-scenes streak. You could make an argument that McGriff's career was all about excelling behind the scenes. Before winning the 1995 World Series as part of the Atlanta Braves, McGriff's defining achievement came in 1990, when he was traded by the Blue Jays to the Padres (with Tony Fernandez) for Joe Carter and Roberto Alomar. That was, without a doubt, one of the premier trades (if not the trade) of the early Nineties. And it wouldn't have happened without Fred McGriff. 
It's that time of year … The kids have had a bad run the past couple of weeks with yet more chest infections and colds. The problem is always amplified by their chronic lung disease from being intubated for so long in NICU. A new born baby is defined as having chronic lung disease if they have been oxygen dependent on a ventilator for at least 28 days from birth. When infection gets into Max and Ella's lungs, it hits them for six, and they cough for England. In the past they've needed additional help with extra O2 when having a coughing fit, but they are getting stronger and stronger at being able to fight it on their own now. We're just grateful that we finally got the go ahead last November for their Synagis shots (palivizumab) to protect against Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV). RSV usually causes mild cold-like symptoms in adults and children. But it can make premature babies and children with certain other medical conditions very sick. In England, 28 per 1000 hospital admissions in children aged under 1 year are attributed to RSV each year, and in the US, about 125,000 infants are hospitalised with severe RSV infections. It is the leading cause of infant hospitalisation and is a significant problem for high-risk babies and children. Full term babies get antibodies from their mothers during pregnancy, and these help to fight RSV and other viruses. But babies born prematurely often do not get enough antibodies before birth. Each dose of the Synagis vaccine gives them enough RSV-specific antibodies to help fight RSV infection for about 30 days, but at £4,000 a course, it's not cheap! Doctors have to get special sanction from the Primary Care Trust Board to give the go ahead on every baby that needs it. Madness! Anyway, their vaccinations seem to be working at the moment as they've not had anything more than the colds/chest infections (touch wood). Sleep has obviously been a problem, and it has been a big struggle helping them to settle at night. Ella has usually been the one to have problems with sleeping, but for a few weeks now, she has been taking Vallergan (an anti-histamine with sedative properties). Seems to do be doing the trick at the moment … Think I may try some tonight!
After reading this post, I decided to check out how many heterozygote advantages actually exist out in the world. I found a PLoS ONE post about heterozygote advantages that exist in sheep, but the information was a little hard to digest. Maybe someone else can understand it. http://www.plosone.org/article/info:doi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0000125 I later found another site that explains three more examples of heterozygote advantages, including a gene that exists in flies. This gene gave flies improved viability, but it made them very weak. When a fly had a gene combination that included this viability allele and a regular allele, the fly was slightly weak but had improved viability. The advantages have outweighed the disadvantages though, so the viability allele has spread through fly populations. The site also includes information about how having one cystic fibrosis allele can prevent death from dehydration diseases like cholera. Last on the site is the debate about wether or not Tay-Sachs disease has a heterozygote advantage in preventing tuberculosis.
I'm the father of an 8 y/o boy with a learning disability. He has seen a child-psychologist and a neurologist. The neurologist saw my son when he was 6 years old and was very careful not diagnose him. He was under the impression that my son had Dyspraxia and now 2 years later the more we (my ex wife who is a family physician and I) learn on it the more we think our son has it. He is now in grade 2 but his reading and writing skills are at least 2 years behind curriculum. Our son show's no signs of hyperactivity and can concentrate very well when doing tasks such as building LEGO spaceships or Bionicles. He can sit still in front of the television and watch a program or movie for a long time. His mother has been wanting to try and put him on Ritalin in order to help his concentration at school. In light of the very latest news about Ritalin (CTV Canada AM: Tom Kennedy on rejecting Ritalin http://watch.ctv.ca/news/latest/rethinking-ritalin/#clip95418 ) I'm wondering if we really should try medication as the last option for our son and for now to really try to do classroom accommodations and try to see what we could do in order to maximize his learning. My ex also wanted to put our son on bio-feedback but I feel that he really would not understand the principles of bio-feedback at his age in order to make the best use of it. I'm just afraid that his mother might be trying to desperately seek anything that she might think might be useful for our son. I want to try to avoid the panic attacks and go methodically and slowly at what might work best for our son. Also I was wondering if Dyspraxia was a Sensory Integration Disorder. Your input would be greatly appreciated.
OMG, I would have never known that CTS was related to the spine cause I always thought it was localized to the wrists and arm. Thanks for the reference to Pain Free at Your PC by Pete Egoscu. I am pretty young right now and I don't show/feel any symptoms but I try to keep aware of these things as it would affect my career in computers in the not so distant future. Thx!
Junior right-hander Jose Macias (Bronx, N.Y.) threw a no-hitter on Monday afternoon to lead the No. 14/20 nationally ranked Franklin Pierce University baseball team to an 11-0 victory over Saint Michael's in neutral-site, non-conference play at Santaluces Sports Complex. Earlier in the day, junior third baseman Derek Ingui (Sterling, Mass.)clubbed a two-run home run as the Ravens rallied from a 4-2 deficit to defeat Nyack, 5-4. With the wins, Franklin Pierce improves to 9-1 (0-0 Northeast-10) and extends its winning streak to six games. In the second game of the day, Franklin Pierce scored the only two runs it would need in the bottom of the first inning. With two outs, junior left fielder Mike Munoz (Bronx, N.Y.) reached on a single and immediately came around to score on a double by senior right fielder Phil Hendricks (Pittsfield, Maine). Hendricks in turn scored on an RBI single by graduate student first baseman Mike Augustine (Kingston, N.Y.). Later in the game, Franklin Pierce would score three runs in the fifth, two in the sixth and four in the seventh to create the 11-0 final. Munoz knocked a two-run single in the fifth, while Ingui drove home a run with a single in the sixth. In the seventh, freshman center fielder Nick LaCroix (Grafton, Mass.) had an RBI single, freshman shortstop Dan Kemp (Sturbridge, Mass.) clubbed a run-scoring double and senior second baseman Cody Kauffman (Blue Bell, Pa.) hit an RBI single as part of the four-run inning. Meanwhile, Macias was sparkling on the mound for Franklin Pierce. He allowed only three baserunners on a first-inning error and both a hit batsman and a walk in the second. Thanks to a pickoff, he faced 29 batters, only two over the minimum, during the game, issued one walk and struck out 12. He struck out the side in order in the fifth as part of five consecutive strikeouts and later struck out five of the final eight batters of the game. It was the sixth no-hitter in Franklin Pierce history, as well as the fourth thrown by the Ravens against Division II competition. It marks the third no-hitter in four years for the Ravens and the second year in a row with a no-no for the program. Last season, Mike Adams and Kyle Vazquez combined to throw a no-hitter for Franklin Pierce at Dowling on Feb. 21. Before that, Andrew McNulty did the deed against Bloomfield on March 16, 2007. Senior right-hander Mike Robert started on the hill and took the loss (0-1) for Saint Michael's. Over 5.1 innings, he was touched up for six runs on eight hits and issued a pair of walks. In the first game of the day, Franklin Pierce found itself trailing 4-2 heading into the seventh inning. Kauffman led off the inning and started the rally off by working a walk. Ingui followed and drilled a two-run, game-tying home run, his first round-tripper of the season. Sophomore catcher Mike Dowd (East Bridgewater, Mass.) followed, was hit by a pitch and moved around to third while Munoz reached on an error. Dowd would then score the eventual game-winning run on a sacrifice fly by Hendricks. After freshman right-hander Rob Blanc (Sandy Hook, Conn.) worked a scoreless eighth inning to run his relief appearance to 2.2 shutout innings, junior right-hander Rob Nicholas (Southborough, Mass.) pitched a 1-2-3 ninth to chalk up his third save of the season. Senior right-hander Heath Wasylow (Rehoboth, Mass.) started on the hill and did not factor in the decision for Franklin Pierce in the first game. Over 5.1 innings, he allowed four runs on eight hits, did not issue a walk and struck out five. Blanc picked up the win (1-0) in relief, as he allowed three hits and one walk over his 2.2 innings. Sophomore Kevin Earlie went the distance on the mound and took the loss for Nyack. The Ravens return to the field on Tuesday, March 16, when they travel to Nova Southeastern for a non-conference contest. First pitch is scheduled for 6 p.m. at NSU Baseball Complex in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. 
I suppose my biggest piece of advice for applying is (to the extent possible) find someone you know and trust at the institution and try to figure out exactly what they're looking for. Obviously you can't change who you are and the work you've done, but you definitely can sell it in slightly different ways. This is why I essentially had three application packages -- the material was the same, the focus was different. But, importantly, they were all true. The more this person trusts you, the more of the inside scoop they can give you. For instance, we had a robotics/ML position open (which, sadly, we had to close due to budget issues), but in talking to several ML people, they felt that they weren't sufficiently "robotics" enough; I think I was able to dissuade them of this opinion and we ended up getting a lot of excellent applicants before we shut down the slot. Related, it's hard to sell yourself across two fields. At the time I graduated, I saw myself as basically straddling NLP and ML. This can be a hard sell to make. I feel in retrospect that you're often better off picking something and really selling that aspect. From the other side of the curtain, what often happens is that you need an advocate (or two) in the department to which you're applying. If you sell yourself as an X person, you can get faculty in X behind you; if you sell yourself as a Y person, you can get faculty in Y behind you. However, if you sell yourself as a mix, the X faculty might prefer a pure X and the Y faculty might prefer a pure Y. Of course, this isn't always true: Maryland is basically looking for a combined NLP/ML person this year to compliment their existing strengths. Of course, this doesn't always hold: this is something that you should try to find out from friends at the places to which you're applying. For the application process itself, my experience here and what I've heard from most (but not all) universities is that interview decisions (who to call in) get made by a topic-specific hiring committee. This means that to get in the door, you have to appeal to the hiring committee, which is typically people in your area, if it's an area-specific call for applications. Typically your application will go to an admin, first, who will filter based on your cover letter to put you in the right basket (if there are multiple open slots) or the waste basket (for instance, if you don't have a PhD). It then goes to the hiring committee. Again, if you have a friend in the department, it's not a bad idea to let them know by email that you've applied after everything has been submitted (including letters) to make sure that you don't end up in the waste bin. 
In NIPS 15, Jon Kleinberg presented some impossibility results for clustering. The idea is to specify three axioms that all clustering functions should obey and examine those axioms. Let (X,d) be a metric space (so X is a discrete set of points and d is a metric over the points of X). A clustering function F takes d as input and produces a clustering of the data. The three axioms Jon states that all clustering functions should satisfy are: Scale invariance: For all d, for all a>0, F(ad) = F(d). In other words, if I transform all my distances by scaling them uniformly, then the output of my clustering function should stay the same. Richness: The range of F is the set of all partitions. In other words, there isn't any bias that prohibits us from producing some particular partition. Consistency: Suppose F(d) gives some clustering, C. Now, modify d by shrinking distances within clusters of C and expanding distances between clusters in C. Call the new metric d'. Then F(d') = C. Kleinberg's result is that there is no function F that simultaneously satisfies all these requirements. Functions can satisfy two, but never all three. There have been a bunch of follow on papers, including one at NIPS last year and one that I just saw at UAI. If you think about these axioms a little bit, they kind of make sense. My problem is that if you think about them a lot of bit, you (or at least I) realize that they're broken. The biggest broken one is consistency, which becomes even more broken when combined with scale invariance. What I'm going to do to convince you that consistency is broken is start with some data in which there is (what I consider) a natural clustering into two clusters. I'll then apply consistency a few times to get something that (I think) should yield a different clustering. Let's start with some data. The colors are my opinion as to how the data should be clustered: 
Hello everyone, My stepdad Timothy Blackburn A.K.A Mistrust has just recently done a remix for New Zealand band Pitch Black. The song that he has remixed is called “Rude Mechanicals” so please listen. The song is on Mistrust's Myspace page is a sample of the song because the full song is being released on 27th of October this year. So please listen and tell me what you think.
Fred McGriff was selected by the Yankees as the last pick in the 9th round of the 1981 June draft, fresh out of high school and then as soon as he started to get his feet wet BLAM! Traded to the Blue Jays with Dave Collins and Mike Morgan for Dale Murray and Tom Dodd. Drafted one summer, traded the end of the next year. That's either a major confidence booster (that another team would want him) or a huge letdown (the most storied team in the sport gave up on him enough to throw him in on a minor trade). As fans it's exciting to welcome new players onto our favorite teams, but what about how the players themselves feel? It's no wonder that many reiterate to the media that it's just a business and this is the way this business works. Because what are the alternatives? You can pout, go AWOL, or grit your teeth, say goodbye to your friends and pack your suitcase for the next town. I'm a Red Sox fan, but it's not hard to see why Brian Giles, though marooned on a terrible Padres team, wouldn't accept a trade to the contending Sox. He has a life to consider, and he's been around long enough to be afforded a choice in his future. Why would you sacrifice that? (I've never been traded. But if I were, I bet I could bring at least fifteen head of cattle and a few bushels of wheat. Or a bag of balls.) 
 In my most recent Times column about the President's budget, I wrote, Making matters worse, these bleak budget projections are based on relatively optimistic economic assumptions. The administration forecasts economic growth of 3.0 percent from the fourth quarter of 2009 to the fourth quarter of 2010, followed by 4.3 percent the next year. By contrast, the Congressional Budget Office predicts growth of 2.1 percent and 2.4 percent for these two years. Lower growth would mean less tax revenue, larger budget deficits and a more rapidly increasing debt-to-G.D.P. ratio. The CBO has now reestimated the budget effects of the President's proposed policies, and indeed the CBO forecasts larger budget deficits. The CBO's total deficit projected over the decade-long budget window is $1.2 trillion larger than the administration's estimate. The administration projects that the federal government debt held by the public would rise to 77 percent of GDP in 2020 (from 53 percent in 2009). The CBO forecasts a debt-GDP ratio in 2020 of 90 percent. 
I must tell you that having a big family assures me of never running out of stories to blog about. This evening Amanda was helping Robin make butter nut squash soup. Apparently you have to cook all the vegetables on the stove top and then while it's still hot puree it in a food processor. As Robin was finished pureeing the delicious smelling soup and transferring it out of the food processor back into the pot, Amanda pulled a chair up to the kitchen counter to see what her mommy was making. As Amanda was watching her mother throw additional spices into the mix Amanda decided that it was her turn………She picked up our cordless telephone and in it went. My telephone that was a beautiful metallic grey was now dripping squash orange. I thought that it was dead. Obviously if the liquid didn't kill it, the heat would have….right? I was amazed, I took a damp towel and dried it off; the darn thing still worked. After about a half hour we received a phone call and Robin picked up. She noticed that it was difficult to hear the person at the other end because squash had gotten into the ear holes. I'll wait until it dries up and I'll use a toothpick to clear it out.
My ADHD kicks in almost exclusively when I'm dealing with abstract situations. I believe that in an earlier Treating Adult ADD Blog posting I mentioned my perhaps-Romantic attraction to craftsmanship, and my regrets that I'd not pursued, say, tool-and-die making or furniture building in my youth. (Saying, "I believe…I mentioned" means, as those of you who stop by this stand regularly know, that I may have done so, may not have done so, may think I've done so but haven't or may think I haven't but have. Or that the whole megillah is a fabrication. Fabrication. That's a woodworking joke. Right? OK. I'm moving, officer, I'm moving.) Whatever the antecedents, it's worth mentioning again (or not again…WHAT! NOT AGAIN!!!) why I'm attracted to benchwork. The simple version is that in my case, the ADHD kicks in almost exclusively when I'm dealing with abstract situations. (And, as I wrote in my blog the other day, when I'm dealing cards.) (Sorry about all the parens, but there was this going-out-of-business sale at the local Font Hacienda last week and…[obviously, the ellipses {…«which, FYI, are properly set as a single character (and these double arrow thingies are called guillemets and the French use them as "quotation marks")»}] but we can start our discussion of typography some other time, OK?). zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Sorry. It's tiring, balancing all those parens (that's a proofreader's joke, son). Well, obviously typing doesn't count as craftsmanship because you can see how far down the slippery slope I've already skidded here. As a matter of fact, I'm going to go for a walk now and see if I can get all of these random glyphs out of my head. I'll be back shortly, and we can talk about "curly quotes" which the stupid lines around "curly quotes" aren't. And then we can get back to marquetry. And tool-and-die making. And locksmithing. Honey, do you remember if I took my Concerta this morning?
I have had asthma and allergies my entire life. While I bet many asthmatics might disagree with me on this, I think having allergies is far worse than having asthma. Yes, I did say that. I think allergies suck. Asthma is actually easier to control than allergies. Even after I was on Advair and finally had my asthma under control, the allergies continued to irritate the crap out of me. Sure there are allergy shots, but those things did nothing for me but sting my arm once a week for three years. Sure there were antihystamines and decongestants and nasal sprays, but if I'm around one of my allergens, those only took the edge off of that annoying feeling you get in your sinuses and nose. You sneeze. You get a runny nose. You feel down right miserable. I'd rather have an asthma attack. A worse case scenerio for asthma is you have to go to the ER. Yet, even in the ER, there is nothing they can do for allergy symptoms. This did change, however, with the invention of Singulair. Man that drug is awesome - for me anyway. Advair really helps too. Now I can actually be around something I'm allergic to and survive -- like during this flare up. With Singulair my asthma flares still occur if I'm exposed to my allergens, although the flares are not near as bad as they used to be.
Earlier today, on my way home from physical therapy, I stopped by the gym. No, I did not go there in order to work out or exercise. Instead, I collected my yoga mat and turned in my locker key. A few months ago I went through the same routine, feeling all the while defeated by my inability to go to the gym. This time around, I'm approaching things from a different perspective. For the past few years, yoga has been an important part of my life. After having my knee muscles atrophy (and subsequently losing the use of my knees) during one of my pre-diagnosis flares, and after months of daily recuperative physical therapy, I was determined that I would not let that happen again…so I signed up for yoga classes. Within a year I shed almost 50 pounds, was much more flexible, and was feeling great. Within two years, I was performing handstands and forearm stands of all types, was hooking my foot into my elbow behind my head while in pigeon pose, and was coming close to perfecting an unsupported (no arms!) headstand. On some days, I would do power yoga in the morning and power pilates in the evening. I was feeling fit, and I was loving it.
This is truly an amazing story. Late last month, Chris Waddell became the first paraplegic climber to summit Mt. Kilimanjaro in Tanzania - on his own power. This amazing athlete used a specially designed buggy that he peddled with his hands to pull himself up the 19,340-foot mountain, the highest in Africa. The four-wheeled cycle Chris used, called a Bomba, is essentially a highly engineered four wheel mountain bike, capable of taking on one-foot-high boulders. Obviously this wouldn't be an easy task for Chris. In fact, it took him three days and 22 hours of pedaling to push through the last three miles. The dense scree and sand at the top of the mountain - at roughly a 45 degree angle - made the going extremely difficult and slow. Chris said that he was moving about a foot a minute at one point. On his One-Revolution blog site, Waddell said, "I felt like I'd made a statement that we as people could do whatever we wanted, but more profoundly, I saw the benefits of giving someone an opportunity." Mr. Waddell broke his back in a freak skiing accident 21 years ago. Since then he has won 12 medals in downhill ski racing over the course of four Paralympic Games.
Nice little workout this morning at the BSC Westborough today. After getting to the gym I hit the treadmill for a nice 3 mile run. I started at 7.5 and quickly upped it so that the bulk of the running was over 8.0 . I ended up finishing the 3 mile run in 20:59 for an average pace of 6:59/mile with 419 calories burned. After the run I hit the free weight area for some shoulder exercises. I did standing shoulder shrugs with dumbbells, standing shoulder raises, sitting long bar pulldowns, and finished with 150 abs.
I need your help. I've been page by page through the 2009 Standard Catalog of Baseball Cards, and I can't identify this. More precisely, I can't identify the player, the team, or the issue. I have a pretty good idea what era it's from (pre-1919), but even of that I'm uncertain. Some background: I've had this postcard at least 20 years. I can't remember exactly where I got it, but either a family friend who collected postcards and knew I liked baseball stuff, or from the Big Box of Awesome Tobacco Pins I inherited from my great-grandfather. Also, it's the size of a regular postcard, not a cabinet. That's all I know about it. My guess is that the uniform is from one of these types: industrial team, an amateur team, or some sort of low minor league. I've never seen any other cap with a number on it like this, nor do I have any idea what the "CAD" down the front of the flannel stands for. The back is almost blank, which isn't helpful, and there's no photographer's seal or trademark anywhere on the card, which isn't helpful either, but leads me to think this isn't part of a large (or any) set. So, what do I have here? 
thimerosal containing vaccines do not cause autism The decisions are in for the second phase of the Omnibus Autism Proceedings—the “vaccine court” trials to determine if autism can be considered as a vaccine injury. The first set of decisions were handed down last year (those regarding the MMR as a causative agent). This set explored whether thimerosal, the mercury containing preservative formerly used in childhood vaccines, could cause autism. The decisions are long, and I expect there to be much discussion. Below are the final paragraphs from the decisions. These are for the three “test cases”, the hearings held for three specific children who petitioned for compensation on the basis of autism as a vaccine injury. They are clear and decisive: the evidence does not support thimerosal containing vaccines as causing autism, in general or in these three children in specific.
Here's a question: How many shots did it take for Al Oliver to settle on this bat? Also, if he ran out of bats, would he have posed holding a metal folding chair? You may have been wondering: what happened to Ben, and why doesn't he post as much as he used to? Well, a lot is going on. I work two jobs, I teach blogging at MIT on weekends, and I'm winding down as a baseball card blogger. I know I've made a number of different assertions as to the future of The Baseball Card Blog, but here's the truth: I will stop writing The Baseball Card Blog as of January 1, 2009, if not sooner. The blog itself will stay up as a fully tagged and searchable archive of everything I've written over the past three years. I've thought long and hard about this, and I've decided that The Baseball Card Blog needs to end. In my opinion, the best card blogs are those with a finite topic. For example, the stellar 1988 Topps Blog, where Andy K posts something about each and every card in the 1988 Topps and Topps Traded sets. When the sets end, the blog ends. It makes sense. But an open-ended blog about one collector reminiscing and finding his way back into the hobby he once loved? Three years is enough of that for me. I'm not really interested in writing about the latest hobby trends, or new cards that I can't afford. When I really think about it, those are the very things that caused my interest to wan in the first place. I will still collect, and will remain open to trading. I will remain as the admin contact at A Pack A Day, as well as our brand new vlog spin-off APADtv. Finally, I know I've made it a point to stick to the script on baseball cards, but I thought I'd make an exception. If you are vegan or enjoy vegan food and live in the San Francisco Bay Area, do yourself a favor and take a look at this new blog: Vegansaurus!. And if you've never tried vegan food, it's better than you think! 
Robin has gone off to one of her Physician Assistant conferences and will be away until Friday; which after the first day as Mr. Mom feels like it will be a Friday in a new millennium. This is one of those times where a time machine would come in handy. I believe that this is where my being obsessive compulsive shines. I like order, I need order to survive, and I need order to feel comfortable. That said, trying to be orderly with 4 kids 7 and under doesn't exactly come easy. To maintain that path I must operate on all cylinders all the time and even then, to sustain order I need to take 2 minutes out of every hour to take a deep so that my head doesn't explode. My OC is a safeguard and assures me that nothing falls through the cracks when taking care of my kids. I'm sure you have a clear image in your head of me running around as if my hair was on fire, but I can assure you that things are well under control. The house is clean, the kids are dressed in clean clothes, they're fed, they're on time for school, and most importantly happy. My obsessive compulsive disorder was never diagnosed, but people around me have told me that I have some characteristics of someone whom is OCD. I've gotten better at controlling it which has makes my wife's life a bit less stressful. I don't get bent out of shape as much anymore if the house is in complete disarray; oh it bothers me, but I try to redirect my energy elsewhere to be more productive. Well that's all for now.
Now 72 I was diagnosed early 1999 and had a 6 year honeymoon but now getting difficult (freezing, pain, sleep deficit etc ) and have adopted an Aged care hostel, a good one. However, the other people here (two only) who have PD are much worse than i (as i see them) i came across the following "ln the advanced stage of disease, the Advanced Care directive takes on an active role. The patient, family or proxy, and healthcare provider should intermittently review the advance directives as to the patient's wishes about pain management, fatigue, nausea, vomiting, bowel disorders, artificial hydration, artificial … dementia, agitation, nutrition, and restlessness. ... so it seems to me the last year or two of living with PD is as challenging/difficult as some types of cancer, HIV or … I started writing PEACE CALLS in honour of a proper "Dying with Dignity" policy, which does not yet apply in Australia, and to reflect my ecological perspective Peace Calls
Like everything else, I could be weeks, months, or possibly even years late on this. Well, probably not years, because as far as I can tell, this is something new for 2008. I'm referring to a new promotion Topps is going to roll out for their football products in 2008, called Topps Player Collection. The gist of it is that the 30 best players will be found on the same checklist numbers in every Topps NFL set for 2008. It's an interesting idea, and you have to think that if it tests positive with dealers and collectors, something like this will end up as the practice for other sports. The problem I see with it carrying over to other sports is that it throws off the meritocratic checklisting system Topps baseball really just put back into circulation. Let's say Albert Pujols is #500 in 2009 Topps. Does this mean that every Topps baseball set will have at least 500 cards? Or is it much more likely that cards #1 through #30 are super stars? Also, here's a great piece by Tyler Kepner in today's New York Times about major leaguers and their fantasy football teams. 
I'm having a rare asthma flare up today. The reason is because I hired someone to make a new bedroom in the basement for my son, and all the sawdust, and dust mites being spewed up through the vents is killing me. Well, it probably doesn't help that I've been cleaning the upstairs bedrooms, but that's done now. Keep in mind I'm not as bad as I would be if I weren't on all these great new controller meds, although I can definitely notice my early warning signs: 1. Tight chest 2. Itching feeling in neck area 3. exhaustion 4. Urge to sneeze 5. Nasal congestion 6. Runny nose 7. gut feeling 8. Ventolin isn't working 9. Can smell all the allergins in the air (a unique skill I have. More on this later) Now, I've been meaning to talk about this for a while, but my asthma is unique in that no matter how I feel my peak flows do not change. For example, I just blew into my peak flow meter, and my PEFR was 690. Keep in mind my personal best is 730, so 690 puts me right in my normal range.
I currently find myself in a much better place than where I was a week ago. Sure, the pain is still there – but it is neither as intense nor as constant as it was just a few days ago. Up until a few months ago, when I was in this same situation, I would have still been struggling for the pain to go away completely. Even though the worst of the flare had subsided, my feelings of anger and sadness would continue to grow. I (mistakenly) believed that I could not be happy until my rheumatoid arthritis went away completely. Now, if the pain is somewhat moderate and focused on only a few joints, I find this a blessing. Better yet, I find myself at peace…and happy. Just yesterday, when I was at physical therapy, my therapist and I were talking at how well I handled this latest flare. Sure, there were a few moments when the pain seemed too much to bear…but as soon as they passed, I got back on track and focused more on doing the things that I needed to do to take care of myself.
Welcome to everyone to ACL! It's pretty rare for me to end up conferencing in a country I've been before, largely because I try to avoid it. When I was here last time, I stayed with Yee Whye, who was here at the time as a postdoc at NUS, and lived here previously in his youth. As a result, he was an excellent "tour guide." With his help, here's a list of mostly food related stuff that you should definitely try while here (see also the ACL blog): Pepper crab. The easiest to find are the "No Signboard" restaurant chain. Don't wear a nice shirt unless you plan on doing laundry. Chicken rice. This sounds lame. Sure, chicken is kind of tasty. Rice is kind of tasty. But the key is that the rice is cooked in or with melted chicken fat. It's probably the most amazingly simple and delicious dish I've ever had. "Yet Kun" (or something like that) is along Purvis street. Especially for dessert, there's Ah Chew, a Chinese place around Liang Seah street in the Bugis area (lots of other stuff there too). Hotpot is another local specialty: there is very good spicy Szechuan hotpot around Liang Seah street. For real Chinese tea, here. (Funny aside: when I did this, they first asked "have you had tea before?" Clearly the meaning is "have you had real Chinese tea prepared traditionally and tasted akin to a wine tasting?" But I don't think I would ever ask someone "have you had wine before?" But I also can't really think of a better way to ask this!) Good late night snacks can be found at Prata stalls (eg., indian roti with curry). The food court at Vivocity, despite being a food court, is very good. You should have some hand-pressed sugar cane juice -- very sweet, but very tasty (goes well with some spicy hotpot). Chinatown has good Chinese dessert (eg., bean stuff) and frog leg porridge. 
The College Baseball Blog continues our weekly awards today by honoring Florida International outfielder Jabari Henry and Texas RHP Taylor Jungmann. In five games last week, Henry went 9-for-18 for a .500 batting average and a 1.389 slugging percentage. Over the five games, he hit five home runs, two of which were grand slams, registered 17 RBI, scored nine runs and totaled 25 bases. He had multi-home run games in two of the five games. He also drew three walks, stole two bases and threw a runner out from left field trying to stretch a single into a double at second base. Jungmann was outstanding on Friday night as he pitched 7.1 innings while giving up a first inning run. He ended up giving up five hits and walking only one hitter. His most impressive stat was the fact he recorded 17 strikeouts in a possible 22 outs as the Iowa Hawkeyes struggled to find a rhythm. The 17 strikeouts was a career-high and fell just two short of the school record set by Burt Hooton in a 13-inning game against Texas Tech in 1971 and tied by Eric Stone in a nine inning game against Southwestern Louisiana (now Louisiana-Lafayette) in 1998. 
So, what I'd like someone to do is to argue to my why consistency is actually a desirable property. I can come up with lots of other examples. One reason why this invariance is bad is because it renders the notion of "reference sizes" irrelevant. This is of course a problem if you have prior knowledge (eg., one thing measured in millimeters, the other in kilometers). But even in the case where you don't know knowledge, what you can do is take the following. Take data generated by thousands of well separated Gaussians, so that the clearly right thing to do is have one cluster per Gaussian. Now, for each of these clusters except for one, shrink them down to single points. This is possible by consistency. Now, your data basically looks like thousands-1 of clusters with zero inter-cluster distances and then one cluster that's spread out. But now it seems that the reasonable thing is to put each data point that was in this old cluster into its own cluster, essentially because I feel like the other data shows you what clusters should look like. If you're not happy with this, apply scaling and push these points out super far from each other. (I don't think this example is as compelling as the one I drew in pictures, but I still think it's reasonable. Now, in the UAI paper this year, they show that if you fix the number of clusters, these axioms are now consistent. (Perhaps this has to do with the fact that all of my "weird" examples change the number of clusters -- though frankly I don't think this is necessary... I probably could have arranged it so that the resulting green and blue clusters look like a single line that maybe should just be one cluster by itself.) But I still feel like consistency isn't even something we want. 
Performance at a default setting of the hyperparameter. For instance, SVM-light uses something like average inverse norm of the data vectors as the C parameter. Or you could just us 1, like I do for logreg. In particular, suppose you're testing your algorithm on 20 data sets from UCI. Pick a single regularization parameter (or parameter selection scheme, ala SVM-light) to use for all of them and report results using that value. If this is about the same as the "I carefully tuned" setting, I'm happy. If it's way worse, I'm not so happy. Performance within a range. Let's say that if I do careful hyperparameter selection then I get an accuracy of X. How large is the range of hyperparameters for which my accuracy is at least X*0.95? I.e., if I'm willing to suffer 5% multiplicative loss, how lazy can I be about hp selection? For this, you'll probably need to grid out your performance and then do empirical integration to approximate this. Of course, you'll need to choose a bounded range for your hp (usually zero will be a lower bound, but you'll have to pick an upper bound, too -- but this is fine: as a practitioner, if you don't give me an upper bound, I'm going to be somewhat unhappy). Neither of these is totally ideal, but I think they'd be a lot better than the current situation of really having no idea! Maybe there are other proposals out there that I don't know about, or maybe other readers have good ideas. But for me, if you're going to convince me to switch to your algorithm, this is something that I really really want to know. (As an aside, Mark, if you're reading this, I can imagine the whole CW thing getting a bit confused if you're using feature hashing: have you tried this? Or has someone else?) 
We just need to make sure that around home we keep our expectations of him high. I think I baby him and don’t push him and that certainly is not doing him any favors. So I’m working on that!
I have had CTS for 15 years and it is often aggravated by yard work (rake & shovel are worst) more than computer work, even though I work on a keyboard all day. After a hard day of work in the yard I find that icing the top & bottom of my wrists for about 45 mins per side can really help. I keep the ice on one spot for 10-15 mins, then move it to the other side of the same wrist, and repeat until the 45 mins are up. Then I'll do the other hand/wrist. I do the icing routine right after I finish in the yard, and then again the next morning when I get up. All that being said, I am getting close to the point of being unable to keep the CTS at bay through reducing yard work and icing. Steroid shots in the wrist broke a couple of really bad cycles for me as well, but I am close to taking the advice from my friends who've had the surgery and are now symptom-less, and just getting the thing done...
 I really enjoyed Mark Dredze's talk at EMNLP on multiclass confidence weighted algorithms, where they take their CW binary predictors and extend them in two (basically equivalent) ways to a multiclass/structured setting (warning: I haven't read the paper!). Mark did a great job presenting, as always, and dryly suggested that we should all throw away our perceptrons and our MIRAs and SVMs and just switch to CW permanently. It was a pretty compelling case. Now, I'm going to pick on basically every "yet another classifier" paper I've read in the past ten years (read: ever). I'm not trying to point fingers, but just try to better understand why I, personally, haven't yet switched to using these things and continue to use either logistic regression or averaged perceptron for all of my classification needs (aside from the fact that I am rather fond of a particular software package for doing these things -- note, though, that it does support PA and maybe soon CW if I decide to spend 10 minutes implementing it!). Here's the deal. Let's look at SVM versus logreg. Whether this is actually true or not, I have this gut feeling that logreg is much less sensitive to hyperparameter selection than are SVMs. This is not at all based on any science, and the experience that it's based on it somewhat unfair (comparing megam to libSVM, for instance, which use very different optimization methods, and libSVM doesn't do early stopping while megam does). However, I've heard from at least two other people that they have the same internal feelings. In other words, here's a caricature of how I believe logreg and SVM behave: 
I haven't purchased a pack or any single cards from a Topps Heritage product in over two years (the last one I collected was Heritage '59, in 2008). I did this for a variety of reasons, most notably because I just didn't have the income to justify collecting another new set. I also stood (and continue to stand) firmly in the belief that the Heritage brand should've ended with the Heritage '59 (2008) set, and that Topps should've rechristened the subsequent sets as "Topps Classic." In any event, I've been thinking about this year's Heritage ('61), and I think I've hit upon a way to make the brand more appealing. The Heritage checklister has done an admirable job "updating" checklists from the original sets and filling in each spot with its twenty-first century player equivalent. They haven't gotten everything right (as an homage to 1960's card #1, Cy Young-winner Early Wynn of the White Sox, 2009's card #1 was Mark Buerhle of the White Sox; it should have been one of the reigning Cy Young winners, Cliff Lee or Tim Lincecum), but 100% accuracy is not something any card company should be expected to achieve. But a sly wink and an inside joke to an original checklist is no longer enough to buoy a set. The company has to continue to push the envelope or else they'll begin to lose the audience, or make them cynical about the checklisting tactics used ("Thom" Glavine, anyone? How about those annoying black backs versus green backs from the Heritage '59 set?). The next logical step is the photo homage. Not just one or two photos sprinkled over the checklist, either. If they made every photograph on every card an homage to its checklist buddy from the original set, that would be something to write home about, something that would elevate the Heritage brand out of the retro-design doldrums. Of course, to accomplish this, the Topps photographers would have to actually study the original set and pose their subjects down to the minutest detail. They'd also have to shoot their photos with an idea of recreating the photographic standards of the 1960s. Presumably, color-correcting of this caliber is something that Adobe Photoshop could assist in accomplishing. I've never been a huge fan of the 1961 set. I think the design is one of Topps' weakest of the decade and the era, and the photos fairly unimaginative. Really, the only great part of the set are the subsets (the Brady Bunch-esque League Leaders, the MVPs, the All-Stars, the combo cards — "Lindy Shows Larry", anyone? — the World Series cards, and the Historical Highlights), an idea that exploded in 1961 and came to dominate the Topps Sixties. It would be great to get "Josh Shows Daisuke" in my pack of Heritage '61 and not have it be two silhouetted shots of the individuals placed near each other. I'd appreciate the homage much more if Josh Beckett was smiling awkwardly while showing Daisuke Matsuzaka how to throw a curve. 
That is, if you really tune the regularizer (lambda) well, then SVMs will win out. But for the majority of the settings, they're either the same or logreg is a bit better. As a result, what do I do? I use logreg with lambda=1. That's it. No tuning, no nothing. (Note that, as I said before, I haven't ever run experiments to verify this. I think it would be a moderately interesting thing to try to see if it really holds up when all else -- eg., the optimization algorithm, early stopping, implementation, choice of regularizer (L1, L2, KL, etc.), and so on -- are held constant... maybe it's not true. But if it is, then it's an interesting theoretical question: hinge loss and log loss don't look that different, despite the fact that John seems to not like how log loss diverges: why should this be true?) This is also why I use averaged perceptron: there aren't any hyperparameters to select. It just runs. What I'd really like to see in future "yet another classifier" papers is an analysis of sensitivity to hyperparameter selection. You could provide graphs and stuff, but these get hard to read. I like numbers. I'd like a single number that I can look at. Here are two concrete proposals for what such a number could be (note: I'm assuming you're also going to provide performance numbers at the best possible selection of hyperparameters from development data or cross validation... I'm talking about something in addition): 
Over the past year, there were many moments when I just wanted to be left alone. I didn't want to hear any type of advice. Words of encouragement were often transformed midair into little daggers that somehow made me feel worse instead of better. On top of struggling with a major progression of my rheumatoid arthritis, I was also having a difficult time accepting the full extent of my depression. And as is often the case with depression, my mind was constantly tricking itself into believing that I was more comfortable staying where I was, than trying to dig myself out of the emotional hole that I was in. “Too difficult”, “not possible” and “I can't” were phrases that all too often floated around in my head. So when helping hands were offered, I often found it much easier to snap at them. “I don't need help. I can help myself.” So true, yet so false at the same time. I could help myself…but I would need help in doing so. I started seeking the help that I needed.
For Christmas My Dad gave me some money so I bought a full size basketball net. I have been practising it nearly everyday and I can throw the ball a bit further now and more accurate. Next Topic is my hoodies, I always wear my hood for protection, (I feel safer when i wear it)apart from in shops where they will tell me to take it off again. So If people saw me in the street they would think Im a hoody who is going to get them but people who know me know different. I need to try and take off my hood more often. thanks for reading bye..
I enjoy good memoirs. At their best, they can give you a sense of what it would be like to lead a different life, to walk in another's shoes. Political memoirs are usually a disappointment, as the writers typically have an agenda, such as establishing a place in history or angling for the next job. They seem more like spin than truthful self-assessment. Memoirs by nerdy academics, rare as they are, are among my favorite, in part because I can easily see myself in them and in part because the authors are often brutally honest. All this is a prelude to a book recommendation: My Life as a Quant: Reflections on Physics and Finance, by Emanuel Derman. I have never been a physicist or worked on Wall Street, but this book gives a good sense of what both career paths are like. The book was written, by the way, before the recent financial crisis. As a result, one does not get a sense of how the author would put recent events into perspective. But by the end of the book, the author is skeptical enough about the use and abuse of financial models that I suspect he would not be terribly surprised when they went awry. 
I've noticed lately that as they age, the one really noticeable place people gain weight is in the face. Even athletes, whose job it is to stay in impeccable shape. Just look at Tony Perez's Super Veterans card in 1983 Topps; he almost looks like two different people. I bring this up because the more I look back through all these cards of Fred McGriff, the more it appears that he didn't gain face weight. Can that be right? His helmet looked comically oversized even late into his career (whereas someone like Tony Gwynn filled out under his helmet). It's always shocking when you see an old retired athlete (take Larry Bird for example), because usually the first thing you think of is Hey, he really let himself go. And yet, take a look at this photo from a dinner in 2007. McGriff doesn't look like Rickey Henderson, but he also doesn't look like he stopped working out occasionally. Anyway, I didn't really want to talk about face fat. I wanted to talk about good old National Packtime. Take a look at the lineup of this little set from 1995: Alex Rodriguez Barry Bonds Cal Ripken Ken Griffey Jr. Tony Gwynn Frank Thomas Mike Piazza Will Clark Juan Gonzalez Jeff Bagwell Kenny Lofton Fred McGriff Deion Sanders Matt Williams Jose Canseco Bob Hamelin Tim Salmon Raul Mondesi You know, for all the future Hall of Famers and on-the-cusp guys in the set, the guy I was most excited by was Raul Mondesi. (You want to read something interesting? Read Mondesi's wikipedia page.) I still feel like Mondesi could, if he wanted to, get back into playing shape and make an impact on a team like Pittsburgh or Seattle. And I bet that with a few rigorous workouts, that face fat will leather itself taut. (Scroll down to the bottom of this page to see what Mondesi looks like now.) 
 Occasionally, there is no question that the couple is moving toward divorce, but know it will take some time to work everything out. If their incomes are substantially different, it may be worth agreeing on a written separation agreement; that way the person paying any alimony can deduct it on his or her tax return. The paying spouse might be able to pay the receiving spouse more than enough to pay the tax on the alimony, and still come out ahead. Sometimes one of the spouses has a religious objection to divorce. A formal separation will allow the spouses to remain officially married even as they live separate lives. 
In Thailand, when the captain of a boat says the weather is too dangerous to carry on, he starts laughing. Thats when I started worrying.Thailand's coast was far away behind us and the nearest real land was Burma to our Starboard - which is on the righthand side for you landlubbers. A looming grey cloud piled up over Burma and another storm was rolling in from the sea ahead, which is the Fore. Or the Stern. But it didn't matter right now, as the captain was looking very stern himself. 
There are also many reasons why people stay together, even though they know that they should really end the relationship. Sometimes one partner makes the other feel guilty about leaving and manipulates them into staying in the relationship. If you feel within your heart that the relationship is over, then you should do what's right for you without any feelings of guilt about the relationship. 
 Alongside work, I spent time with my old host family and other friends, both volunteers and not. I had Chinese food, tasty beer and hot running water. But it was at home, relaxing with my family back in Naryn, that I was truly caught off guard. Upon inspection of a persistent scratching in my luggage, I found a mouse had made a home in an old deodorant tube with my toilet paper rations, and was living quite happily off of my emergency Cliff Bars. As a testament to that company, folks, he sure was hard to catch. 
Packed into a small minivan I exchanged uncomfortable looks with 10 other foreign tourists as we sped away from the train station and glided easily onto Singapore’s well oiled highway. The cute girl in the station helpfully offered advice on a free bus service to the Singapore Zoo. A few minutes later I was paying a complete stranger money for an entrance ticket to the Night Safari in exchange for a free ride. “You don’t have a sign on the van, man,” a young pseudo backpacker announced from the sidewalk. His mother looked uncomfortable. “You guys are getting ripped off,” he yelled as the door slammed shut and we sped away.
 I grew up in Oxfordshire, England. From 1995 - 1997 (age 11 - 13) my father worked in Oman and I spent around 8 months there visiting him. Until 1970 the country had been ruled by a Sultan who banned anything modern or Western from roads to electricity to medecine to spectacles. By the time I got there most of it was only accessible by terrible dirt tracks and we spent much of our free time exploring the rugged interior by 4WD, on foot and even by camel. Experiences such as being invited into a one-room mud hut in an isolated mountain village and visiting a Bedouin camel market on the edge of the desert left an indelible impression on me and a thirst for more exotica. 
yes I believe it is because us guys have Testosterone which makes us more active and so we burn off fat by eating and exercising I was really skinny as a kid because I could go play until I finished my food so shoveled my food so I could play and I burned off the food before it had time to become fat 
I lost my mother to radical breast cancer which kept spreading throughout her body. She had five different operations and chemo therapy before she died. I just had radical prostate surgery a week ago Tuesday and today found out there is a 30% chance there is still some left but need to wait 6 weeks to see where we are. I have high hopes as I have 3 granddaughters and 1 grandson who are very concerned. We are keeping them informed and positive. I hope this is what you are looking for. 
I certainly hope AIPAC comes to its senses soon. But I suspect it wants a showdown with the Obama Administration, which, unlike its Bush predecessor, has stood with the rest of the world in requesting that Israel adhere to Road Map laid out by the so-called quartet (the U.S., E.U., U.N. and Russia), a plan the West Bank Palestinians seem to be taking seriously. This is an attempt by AIPAC to show muscle and force the Obama Administration to back down: Israel has tremendous support in the United States, especially among Evangelicals (who believe that the achievement of a Greater Israel--that is, the annexation of Palestinian lands--would be a precursor of the Rapture).
Just like people, some dogs have a sensitive stomach or will even vomit on an empty stomach. As long as the dog is eating, drinking, acting normally, exhibiting no other signs of illness, and showing no increase in frequency of the vomiting, there is typically no reason to worry. Always consult your vet if your dog's vomiting is chronic, continues for more than a day, or is accompanied by other symptoms, such as weight loss, decreased appetite, diarrhea, or excessive water intake. 
If your ex-spouse keeps throwing up roadblocks to your recovery or the recovery of your children, you're probably about to lose your mind. Believe it or not, more often than not, the roadblocks are either unintentional or unconscious if not both. 
 But listening only goes so far when you're trying to work out problems in you relationship. If you do not really understand where they are coming from, you might be creating more problems. When they are expressing themselves, you want to ask questions when appropriate in order to clarify what they are saying to you. Even if it seems uncomfortable at first, it's important that you make sure that you understand where they are at and how you might be able to help. 
Even after years of working with divorcees, I am amazed at how often one party sets themselves up for conflict with their approach. It is very easy to put the other person on the defensive with your words or tone. No one wants to be wrong in divorce. In fact, admitting that your wrong would suggest weakness and the divorce system is not set up to tolerate weakness from anyone. So, you should not expect your ex to admit he or she is wrong, bad, difficult, stupid, or any other negative quality. 
Kosovo maintains a border station into Serbia, while Serbia maintains a police checkpoint a few kilometers later  to catch visa violators.  If you entered Kosovo first, received a Kosovar entry and exit stamp, and then try to enter Serbia you will be denied access. Good luck finding your way back to Pristina. Serbia considers Kosovo a part of Serbian territory and if you enter it without a Serbian entry visa you are technically without a valid visa. As a matter of principle, Serbian visa stamps are not available along the Kosovar/Serbian border as there are only police checkpoints to make sure you have one. 
The problem with universal health care is there inevitably becomes a huge backlog of patients waiting for surgery to be approved and there is the tendancy to use less expensive methods of treatment which can and often does, does nothing for the patient. (cancer treatments, heart, hiv/aids etc...)  
 While you don't have to become legally separated to do this, taking time away from each other is one of the best ways to stop a marriage from becoming a divorced marriage. When you take time away from each other, you allow yourself to have a new perspective on the events that are happening. And this can allow you to see new solutions as well as new ideas for how to handle the problems that you may be having. Even if it's just a night or a few hours, taking time to step back from an issue can help it become easier to resolve. 
 One of the best ways to help save your marriage is to start creating long term plans with your partner. While this might not seem like the best idea at the time, it will create the idea that you are both going to make it through the rough patch that you have stumbled upon - somehow. Try to make plans for vacations or other far in the future appointments. This will create a little less pressure because the future isn't so vague and unable to be seen in the dark that you are experiencing at the time.  
Don't expect to put chemicals in your body and expect to stay healthy. There's enough chemicals in the air and in the water as it is. Remember we're living in a chemical world of industrialization and profit. If you want to help clean your body try some prunes or lots of watermelon it tastes good or load up on live digestive enzymes. 
Michael Scherer tells me that Obama aides expect that the president will meet with Senate and House Dems at some point this week. Not sure where or when -- I just put it in here as there was nothing else going on Wednesday and it seemed the most likely date.
 There's nothing more damaging to a relationship than a partner that doesn't take the time to listen. In fact, that fact alone might be the thing that has led to the feelings of dissatisfaction with a marriage. In order to be a good partner (on either end), you need to be able to remain quiet and talk through problems until both partners are satisfied. Be quiet when they are speaking and try to really listen to what they are saying. 
C-SPAN junkies rejoice -- the indispensable cable chroniclers have put just about every minute they've ever recorded online with full search functionality. That's 160,000+ hours going back more than 20 years! Though it will surely be a useful tool for studying history and exposing hypocrisy, we get the added bonus of being able to dig up videos and photos of our colleagues from the early '90s: 
While having a quaint town to retreat to after a long day on the slopes is important, the main attraction is the skiing itself. Bansko boasts modern lifts and facilities (rare in the region) and has a wide range of trails that will keep beginners to experts happy. A fresh blanket of powder awaited us on our first day which proved nicer conditions than our trip to the Dolomites in Italy. Though to be fair, the selection of rental equipment is not friendly to the advanced skier. Bring your own if you are picky.
 We were on holiday recently and my partner was navigating. It was dark and she wasn't really sure of where we were or how to get to our destination. On several occasions I was tempted to ridicule her efforts to find her way and laugh outright at her method of navigating. 
 Long ago are the dates that began at the fanciest restaurant in town and ended with a balcony seat at the opera. As society becomes more budget-minded and people struggle to get out of debt from credits cards, mortgages and school loans, there lies a need for frugal alternatives to the romantic date. Short of forcing your date to eat your leftover pizza from last night and watching a re-run of a sitcom, what other budget-minded options are out there? 
 Our Cancer will be a new experience for many of you, so we realize it may take some practice. Feel free to post comments to the blog if you have any questions on how it works, and we'll do our best to help you out. Meanwhile, we encourage you to start discussions on things you care about. You're the experts in your own experiences in Cancer World, so we're hoping you'll take the lead in sharing your stories so others can benefit from your wisdom. 
 While you might be upset about the way that things have turned out, you need to remember that being calm is the best way to see things more clearly. Try lowering your voice when you talk - it automatically lowers your blood pressure and your anger. Try to take a few deep breaths before you say anything - this will help you to be clear and calm as you speak. Many people perceive becoming flustered or upset as being angry, and that can lead to a poor environment for working through issues. 
 Beyond that, there may not be much of a reason to go through the time, pain, and expense of a formal legal separation. Better perhaps to agree to reach a working arrangement for an informal separation. You can then follow it up directly with either reconciliation or divorce. So, can separation save a marriage - that is the question. Some people strenuously resist separation, thus adding even more stress into an already tense marriage. Perhaps separation may be the best option for some marriages, despite the looming shadow of divorce, as living together is obviously is not working. However, can you make it work from a distance? A trial separation will go a long way in helping you decide the answer.
There should be caps put into place on the Doctors, Hospitals, and Pharmaceuticals for what they can charge. Maybe the government should put a stop to the AMA and the Pharmaceutical companies from using a lot of their money and influence for lobbying in D.C. in order to keep the prices practically out of reach for the average American. It is becoming increasingly ridiculous in this country that our government is practically allowing corporate America to intentionally get away with breaking the finances of the working class American. 
My own personal is opinion is that the health care system is about how can make the most money. Health care, insurance, prescriptions, nursing homes are costing more and more every year and if you are lucky enough to have insurance the coverage is decreasing. What we need to do is start thinking about our citizens and not the bottom line. Many problems in this country stems from health care. We need to make insurance affordable for employers so they can make it affordable for their employees. One idea I like is being able to bank money that would initially go to insurance if you was to need it but if you don't use it would work like a savings account. There is alot of problems with health care and many other things in this country and hopefully the next person in charge of these problems will be able to conduct a plan that thinks about the middle class and the poor and not the rich lobbiest and drug companies. 
 I don't care how good your relationship is with your ex-spouse, with few exceptions, there are going to be periods of time when you just don't see eye to eye. And you know what? That's a normal part of the process, and if you agreed on everything, you probably wouldn't have split up in the first place. But, that's a topic for another time. 
 I'm so glad I didn't! She did find her way eventually and I had a fantastic time on my surprise weekend away. She even apologised (after some time had passed!), for the lengthy detour. I guarantee that none of that would have happened if I'd made her feel stupid. 
The America-Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) has done a very unwise thing: It has issued a statement criticizing the Obama Administration, rather than Israel, for its reaction to the Netanyahu government's recent announcement of more illegal settlement blocks in East Jerusalem--an announcement that was made during Vice President Joe Biden's visit last week, an act of extreme rudeness on top of its unquestioned illegality. 
 The new Our Cancer community has been live for less than 24 hours and I'm happy to report that people are beginning to use it. As of this morning, around 50 of you have joined the group, and a number of you have started posting introductions about yourselves. 
Any veteran observer of Congress is used to the rampant hypocrisy over the use of parliamentary procedures that shifts totally from one side to the other as a majority moves to minority status, and vice versa. But I can't recall a level of feigned indignation nearly as great as what we are seeing now from congressional Republicans and their acolytes at the Wall Street Journal, and on blogs, talk radio, and cable news. It reached a ridiculous level of misinformation and disinformation over the use of reconciliation, and now threatens to top that level over the projected use of a self-executing rule by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. In the last Congress that Republicans controlled, from 2005 to 2006, Rules Committee Chairman David Dreier used the self-executing rule more than 35 times, and was no stranger to the concept of “deem and pass.” That strategy, then decried by the House Democrats who are now using it, and now being called unconstitutional by WSJ editorialists, was defended by House Republicans in court (and upheld). Dreier used it for a $40 billion deficit reduction package so that his fellow GOPers could avoid an embarrassing vote on immigration. I don't like self-executing rules by either party—I prefer the “regular order”—so I am not going to say this is a great idea by the Democrats. But even so—is there no shame anymore? 
Bleach is a form of chlorine and sodium hydroxide (lye water). These two substances will kill your intestinal flora that is 3/4 of your immune system. Just drinking chlorinated tap water or even worse, fluoridated tap water, you will greatly harm your immune system. It will have the opposite effect of what you are trying to do. Allopathic medicine has put us all in great harm by following the kill the germ idea to make us healthy.   To properly cleanse your body, you should find a good certified nutritional therapist that understands QRA to help you. 
In April 2008, I quit my job, sold most of my belongings, and left on a world trip - and never looked back. Starting in Berlin (Germany) and heading east, time will tell where my journey eventually leads me...If you like what you see and want to receive an email whenever I add a new blog entry, simply subscribe to this blog!I hope you enjoy my stories as much as I enjoy my journey. Any feedback (public comment on any blog entry or private message) is always much appreciated and makes the blog special to me!
Singapore is a gastronomic paradise to suit any budget. In a city that can quickly put pressure on your wallet from accommodation to shopping, food is the one area where you can splurge for cheap. Throughout the city, street stalls have been collected and thrown together into outside eateries offering Chinese, Indian, Singaporean (whatever that means) and general Southeast Asian fare. Or you can head down to the Muslim district and eat Murtabak Prata in one of the many shops.
Day 308 - Cradle Valley to Devonport Crikey, who flew us back to the UK without us knowing! It’s flipping, blinking freezing here this morning. Brrrrrgggggghhhhhhh. Even a hot shower doesn’t manage to warm the cockles but it’s not windy like it was yesterday so that’s a blessing. Hopefully everyone out on the Overland Track will be snug from thermal clothing if nothing else. . Today is our last day with Tony & Jane, in Tasmania anyway. They don’t leave the state until Wednesday night but we’re catching a ferry back to the mainland in the morning so are heading back 
You may be questioning why I even bothered to go back to Singapore at all. This time I was routed through Singapore to wait for a visa while on a work trip to Timor-Leste and then Sri Lanka. As you can see I have a bias for rougher countries, but I was determined to make the best of my work funded stopover. As a result I give you my short list to making Singapore an interesting place.
Thoughts of self survival were in my mind, so I eyed up the crew onboard for possible cannibalistic mealtimes. The old-time hippy guy who i chatted to earlier had annoyed me with his insight that the island was busy now, too many visitors and the locals just rip people off but I figured that his island knowledge would be useful. Plus, the three chunky German girls with sarongs, sunburn and supersized rucksacks looked promising - definitely more meat on them than the vegetarian hippy... 
The two-calendar-day reporting time expires and the Rules Committee can take up the bill. Traditionally, a rule takes one calendar day to ripen but past leaders both Republican and Democrat have gotten around that by including in the rule a provision that essentially declares that same day a whole new day (yes, this is White Rabbit time they'd be observing). If Speaker Pelosi chooses to she can bring up the vote Thursday, but again, she'll need time to whip members so a vote on Friday or Saturday is more likely.
 When you visit Our Cancer for the first time, you'll find some things that are familiar, but largely it will be a new experience for most of you. Up until now, we've interacted through the blog, which meant that Leroy or Laurie would write a post, and then the rest of us would respond, having a conversation in the comment threads. With Our Cancer, things will be different, as all of you will be able to start your own conversations. Each one of you will be able to post blog entries and start discussion threads. You can even upload a photo or video clip and have people discuss it, or share an event listing with everyone. If you've ever used Facebook, it's kind of like what's known there as a Facebook Group. It's a place where all of us can take the lead and begin conversations that are important to us. 
The Night Safari is something special. Showcasing nocturnal animals that sleep during normal zoo daytime hours, the dense humid surrounding jungle pulls you right into the safari experience. Take a train or walk the various paths past tigers, rhinos, deer, flying squirrels and hundreds of others.
As i was considering that Germany has had its fair share of cannibals recently and so maybe the German girls may know some good recipes, the boat steered toward the mangrove trees and amazingly a small channel opened up in them - a gap barely wider than the boat was long and studded with brown, decaying teeth of rocks that were gnashing at us, foaming the water and making me feel like this island was laughing at us. Evilly. 
We turned to the left, or Port side, for land, which was a useless phrase right now as there was no port, just a bay of rocks, mangrove and the thick jungle of the tip of Koh Chang. 
If you have children then this becomes an additional dimension to consider. It's generally better for children to grow-up in a family with their parents in the same house. The exception to this is when there's an environment of abuse, danger or emotional stress. Before you decide to walk out on your wife and kids, consider the children and whether it's possible to resolve your differences. Only if that's absolutely impossible and the family environment is worse if you stay together than if you split up, should you even consider leaving.
 In a healthy relationship we are always doing kind and thoughtful gestures for our partner or spouse. It may be making them a cup of tea in the morning, leaving the heater on in the bathroom, running an errand or picking up the dry cleaning. The list is endless and I encourage you to take some time to think of the kind and thoughtful gestures your special someone does for you, as they are often overlooked and go un-thanked. By taking some time to notice the things they do you can easily rectify this with a thank you, a hug or some other acknowledgement. 
 Why? Because couples who separate tend to find that without the constant daily conflict and bickering the lack of proximity to their spouse provides time to think, and solve problems. Marital problems are often hard to resolve as they often get stalled by egos, fear and stubbornness. Resolution can flourish as long as at least one partner is willing to keep trying; if the urge to always be right and not back down remains then it probably means that the separation will end in divorce. 
Another issue is the distance to the slopes from the center of town. While having the slopes at the higher altitudes does wonders for the snow conditions, access is a big problem. Only one gondola ferries skiers to the beginning of the slopes and the traffic jams are intense. Be prepared to fight your way into the cars. As we were putting our skies in the outside holders two others snuck in before us. After waiting in line for an hour we weren’t impressed with the local hospitality. The gondola opens at 8:30 am so if you don’t want to wait for an hour or longer get there early, and bring some muscle.
Make it more accessible for people so they do not have to lie about their situation. For example an unmarried pregnant female has a nice car, nice appt. and is in school but her job is a private nanny and therefor has no health insurance. In order for her to receive health care she would have to sell her car and downgrade her appt. before she can be accepted. 
In Autumn 2007 I moved to Russia and began teaching English. Working crazy hours for good pay I was able to save up enough money after 9 months to travel for a year. The beginning of that year is where this blog begins. After that year of traveling I returned to Russia, where I am now, to do the same thing again.
 Between snow-melt and rain, Bishkek was a grim portent of what spring will be like in Naryn, whenever it finally decides to come. Mud mud mud was the name of the game. Bishkek has plenty more paved roads than in Sunny Naryn, and that bodes poorly for what extremes our mud situation might entail. The high mountains of snow excavated from the neighbor’s driveways and yards leaves me fearful as to how my shoes, socks and pant-cuffs will survive. Thankfully though, that trial is still months away. 
Every time I travel through Singapore I am disappointed. Compared to the surrounding countries Singapore is a bland wasteland of identical shopping malls and artificially created tourist attractions. It lacks the gritty cultural depth filling the cracks of its less prosperous neighbors. A bold statement? Indeed, but one backed up by countless uninspiring trips through the small city state. For the first time visitor to Asia, Singapore is a great stepping stone to getting acclimated to this diverse area of the world. But for the experienced Asia hand it can easily turn into an exercise of waiting for the water to boil as the seconds tick by and time stretches out.
The neoconservatives who worship General David Petraeus may not be too pleased with this--a briefing Petraeus prepared for his boss, Admiral Mike Mullen, on the regional problems being raised by Israel's instransigence on the settlements issue. If Israel were taking a moral position that upset the regional Arabs, like defending its right to exist (a limited strike in self-defense against the Hamas rocketers in Gaza, for example), I'd say that Arab disapproval would be a geo-strategic cost that we, as Israel's ally, would have to live with. 
Hi Sarimah, I am watching the show and you did a great job. Answering you questions, well, this is because of the muscle mass that basically guys having higher muscle mass compared to women. 1kg of muscle will burns approximately 31 calories (without exercise) that we call BMR-Basal Metabolic Rate. More muscle means more fat burnt. The second things is, during exercising, guys will use more energy than women does. Says weight lifting. Guys can bring up 30KG weight, but women maybe 10KG. Means that guys will burn more calories because they use more energy compared to women. 
I find it striking that so many people have answered "yes" followed with "because men have more muscle mass". But WHY do men have more muscle mass? It all boils down to hormones. Women produce more estrogen than men, and what bit men do produce is filtered out via the liver. Estrogen is known as "the fat storing hormone". It's what gives women hips and breasts and makes our skin soft and smooth. Testosterone (which women DO produce in small amounts), lends itself to the building UP of muscle mass and the tearing DOWN of fat. This is why you see so many female (well, and male) bodybuilders abusing anabolic steroids. Anabolic steroids are a synthetic form of testosterone. This abuse not only allows the woman to rid her body of fat quicker (too much so - most will no longer menstruate due to lack of sufficient body fat - another reason we women produce estrogen), and also to build up muscle MUCH quicker than at a normal rate. The more muscle one has, the faster he or she will burn fat, even at rest. 
 Just when I thought I could relax a bit and enjoy the Christmas season, I get more bad news. For every cancer patient, this can happen at the worst of times. But for a disease that seems to attack indiscriminately, there's no reason to expect it to honor holidays. 
 This time it wasn't a complete surprise as I have been experiencing new pain in my lower right back which has been getting steadily worse almost every day.  Initial scans had shown nothing, but my PSA was up again so I knew something was happening.  When I found out last week that it had quadrupled in 4 weeks, it confirmed that the cancer was actively spreading again (and growing tumours or lesions).  It seems that once it starts up, it moves very fast.  I can only try to slow it down with hormones, but I can't use the same ones as before (which rendered me bed-ridden) so it will be "sub-optimal treatment" as my oncologist says.  
 Forgiving infidelity is a difficult choice to make. Many people find it easier to disconnect from the cheater and heal alone. Forgiving infidelity involves strength and guidance, because infidelity often attacks a person's self esteem. Working through feelings of anger, hurt and betrayal are essential before the forgiving process can begin. There is help available for forgiving infidelity. Here are a few tips. 
Any universal health care system will have to be two fold. Public and private. Privately insured and government funded. The government funded would have to have some form of bulk billing by doctors and hospitals to keep the overall cost down. Services would have to be combined as well wherever possible to prevent double billing. ie... seeing a GP for a problem then being referred to a specialist, then having to return to the GP for further direction. And of course, no universal health care would be effective unless it included dental coverage as many health problems are related to poor oral care. The major drug manufacturing companies have to be on board as well if this were to succeed. 
I lost my nanny to cancer when I was in Primary School, we were so close. She went from being so fit, looking after 3 grand children, collecting (WALKING) them from the primary school every day, with me in the pram, when all of a sudden me and her were shopping when she collapsed. I remember that day, she was coughing up blood. But what was I to do? I was like 4/5/6. I thought nothing of it. The rest was a blur but I do have a slight memory of seeing her in Marie Curie. She died on New Years Eve/ perhaps Day. 
 So this Christmas will mix friends, family and fun with scans, doctors and meds.   These kinds of choices are tough enough but they can certainly cast a pall over a happy season.  So that's my challenge - to deal with all of this without letting it ruin my holiday.  We have a wonderful Christmas season planned with lots of family and friends and, while my situation will be on everyone's minds (because they love and care for me), I'm not going to let it take away from their enjoyment or mine.  
PHOENIX — John McCain and Sarah Palin are scheduled to campaign together in Arizona next week for the first time since they conceded the presidential election in Phoenix in 2008. Palin and McCain will be at a rally and picnic in Tucson on March 26, followed the next day by a rally in the Phoenix suburb of Mesa.McCain and Palin have had a couple of public appearances together, including a dinner in Washington, but the Tucson and Phoenix events are their first return to the stump.The former Republican presidential candidate is facing the toughest re-election battle of his Senate career. Former Arizona Congressman and talk-radio host JD Hayworth is challenging McCain in the Republican primary. 
 On Dec. 20, we held an "exclusive" family and friends book launch for The Wolf at my Door.  Given the time of year, I was very pleased to have about 75 people attend.  My brother and good friend Gayla surprised we with humbling and heartfelt introductions and then I had a chance to read excerpts from the book.  It was an amazing day and incredibly emotional for everyone who attended.  Many people read the book over the next couple of days and I have received incredible feedback and requests for more copies.  Thank you to everyone who attended, with a special thanks to my daughter Caralia who arranged the event and to Meghan and Dayna who also helped.  
Walk done the road, you might find something open. We are located in the center of town. Wow, that was unhelpful. The swank interior decorating of bright reds set on black and futuristic minimalistic Japanese inspired lines of the hotel lobby highlighted the staff’s unwillingness to get his image dirty with useful answers. This didn’t bode well for our stay. Luckily we were rescued by a perky eyed staff member who replaced her manager. We were pointed in the direction of a local tavern, one of many, and welcomed despite the late hour.
If you have a portable computer I'd recommend using Avast Anti-Virus with Windows Defender (install by default on Vista & Win7). Also make sure you keep update date with all system patches by using Windows Update (if using windows), or using the updater provided with Mac or Linux. You can get ClamAV for Linux, I don't really know what you could use for , I'm sure someone else could recommend for Mac :). As for a firewall I just rely on Avast (Free) to block intrusions on my laptop, normally picks them up well especially with its new silent firewall. Both Avast and ClamAV have free versions. I like the free Avast as well as it's not too intrusive in the way that it tries to advertise its paid versions unlike other AVs. 
 So why, I hear you ask, would anyone go through a formal legal separation? Maybe because some states require that a couple seeking a divorce have been separated for some period of time. Also, some couples need to remain legally married, perhaps so one can continue to be insured for medical or other purposes by the other's company. Formal legal separation makes this possible. 
Divorcees are constantly trying to figure out the motives of the other party. But, too often there is no dialogue about why certain things are being said or done. When there is discussion about these things, the conversation often falls apart and escalates into an emotional fire storm. This can be particularly true in the early days. Frankly, it can get down right depressing. 
Please also take note that I don't mean to offend anyone but merely to share my experiences (good and bad) - so please don't get all worked up by my entries - although constructive criticism is of course very welcome indeed! Having said that, I am not aiming to write a politically correct blog here. My writing is (naturally) highly subjective and expresses my (sometimes strong) opinions. Also, if you happen to be an American lawyer reading my entries: I take absolutely no responsibility whatsoever if someone chooses to somehow act based on any information in my blog.
Here is a simple a tip that can keep you from pulling your hair out. Before you approach your ex about a concern, write out a script along with possible replies from your ex. Then revise your script as many times as you possibly can until you are certain you are not taking an attacking, blaming, threatening, or condescending tone and approach. Really put your words to the test. Get honest about how you would respond to a similar approach. When you are sure you have the best possible script, memorize it and give it a go, but only when the timing is right. 
Taking shelter from the rain we shook ourselves dry underneath a hut and puzzled about where all these people were. The tidy, simple huts on stilts looked empty apart from the orange clothes hanging outside some of them. Monks robes. 
I know this will be hard to believe, but an overwhelming majority of the divorced parents I've worked with truly want what's best for the kids. Unfortunately, a lot of behavior suggests otherwise. But, let me remind you that divorce is packed with overwhelming emotion, high stress, and periods of utter chaos. And keep in mind that some people just do not get it when it comes to healthy interaction. Not only that, some people simply cannot control their anger. Combine that with little skill in the communication department and you have a good chance for conflict. 
 A formal legal separation is more permanent, more complicated, and more expensive. It's also much less common. It's nearly as expensive as a divorce - sometimes more so, because it's less common - so you may have to pay your lawyer to figure out how to do everything. And often people who get a formal legal separation wind up having to go through all the pain, time, and expense again later to get an actual divorce. 
The 72 hours run out from when the bill is posted online. Now, as to what they'll be voting upon. As Kate points out TNR's Jon Cohn outlined three possibilities on Saturday. On Sunday, the White House declared its preference for options one or two when White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs declared on Fox News Sunday, “We'll have the votes when the House votes, I think within the next week. And I think whoever sits here this time next week, you all will be talking about health care reform not as a presidential proposal but as something that will soon be the law of the land.” In other words: they don't want to wait for the Senate to act – which would take another week minimum. They want President Obama to sign a bill into law before he leaves for Indonesia and Australia – this is, after all, why he postponed his trip. So this leaves us with options one and two. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is doing her best to save her members from one – a vote directly on the Senate bill – as she doesn't want to further burden them with all the Senate sweetheart deals that are going to be stripped out in reconciliation any way. Which leaves option No. 2, the most likely one House aides told me.
Still the captain smiled, but he wasn't blinking and his grin was fixed. I'm not sure who's teeth were worse, but this would be a battle between man and land. The waves were still pushing us Beachfront actionaround and rain was punching down from the sky
 To register, go to our registration page and follow the instructions. Once you're registered and logged in, go back to the Our Cancer page and click the Join This Group button. After you've done that, you'll be able to take full advantage of the community, such as posting your own blog entry or starting a discussion thread. You can also upload photos, video or event listings. 
 Since Our Cancer is brand-new, there isn't much content there at the moment. If you'd like to see what a community looks like once people have been using it for a while, try poking around our All Tech Considered community. It's about technology, which may not be of interest to you, but it'll give you a feel for how people use our community tools. 
hey :) Cool questions, is this like a test? I would say guys probably did lose weight faster then women at a guess. This could either be because of some biological reason such as men having more muscle the women thus having higher metabolisms, or it could be due to the stereotypical ways in which we train differently. In general women shy away from doing weights because the don't want to look manly but lifting weights causes a much higher increase in resting metabolic rate then cardio does. So there's my ill informed answer lol hope it helps in some way :) 
 A few people have asked me if Our Cancer is just a new name for the blog, so I wanted to explain a bit more. Our Cancer is whole new thing that's a direct offshoot of the blog, which you can find at npr.org/ourcancer. On the blog, Leroy or Laurie would write something each day and publish it. Then the rest of you would then post a comment as a reply to whatever they wrote. It's a great way to collect responses from people, but doesn't make it possible for everyone to start their own conversation. 
As the waves approached, the bow and all the passengers would lift into the air, smashing down the middle of the boat heavily into the next wave, right under dirty old fishing fleet my feet. I looked down each time to spot cracks or leaks, but by now so much water had blown in or had rained over the side, it was hard to spot the signs of a sinking ship. We cracked down onto the second wave with the bow facing down and so in the best position for a third wave to crash over and into the boat, soaking us all - first time journeymakers and the long-time resident hippies of the islands. 
Look, we all pick up bad habits around our eating. We eat more than required, or we watch the TV while eating, we eat junk food, maybe we're just depressed and don't care and food is a source of comfort - whatever your situation is, I can tell you one thing: If there is anyone who can help you best, it's yourself! Try and use affirmations and visualisation to help you focus on the way you would like to see yourself ideally. Learn  about the Glycemic Index - you probably don't have a "sweet tooth" but are stuck in what's called the "insulin trap", which causes you to eat every so often and also is the main contributor to weight gain. Set up a good exercise routine - preferably with a buddy who can motivate you and hold you accountable, I use GR2 control meal replacement shake as it keeps me feeling full for long and provides a constant source of energy from morning till lunchtime. 
Along with abuse, it is also important to recognise if your relationship is not only making you miserable, but is also robbing your self esteem. When you realize that the effects of your relationship are preventing you from enjoying life, it is time to step back and re-evaluate your relationship. Of course no relationship is perfect and you can expect to have good and bad times, but if things have become so negative that you no longer feel good about yourself, then the relationship is destructive and needs to end. 
Yes. Men do typically lose weight faster and easier than women. This phenomenon is due to a man's on average higher metabolism. A man's higher metabolism comes from a typically higher muscle mass and muscle burns more calories. Also, men are typically larger than women and just maintaining biomass is an increase on calorie demand therefore a calorie burner. On the other side of the coin, women have other biological goals than men do and that would be to have reserves in order to support the creation, development and birth of children as well as provide those children with milk. 
Pelosi's office said the CBO score is now expected Tuesday instead of Monday.Once they have a bill, Dems need to post it online for at least 72 hours for members to review before a vote. They could post this Monday, but more likely it'll be Tuesday. And it'll probably be continuously tweaked as the bill is examined for potential Byrd Rule challenges, CBO scoring conflicts and other rules hiccups. This is not a House rule, but rather a Democratic caucus pledge, one that has been broken in the rush to vote in the past, so it's up to the discretion of the leaders if they want to observe it. But, given that they need as much time as possible to whip votes it seems likely that the full 72 hours will be observed. 
 Why start off a rough patch by thinking that it will never get any better no matter what you do? When you're trying to work through problems and issues, you will want to make sure that you're going into it with a positive attitude. You don't need to be sugary sweet, but you should start to look at your troubles as learning lessons rather than the doom of the relationship. Try to think about happier times when you start to become negative in order to turn your thinking around. 
i never meant to go travelling, I just went. You start moving and can't stop, and when you do the inertia swells in your head like sea until the tides take you off again.I'm loving reading other peoples stories on travelblog and find it a really amazing place to research where i want to go in future, as well as just hearing normal peoples lives, away from the filtered and edited rubbish we are fed by the tourism industry and the cliched 'travel' sections of Sunday newspapers.
His small wooden boat was being lashed with rain and wind. Our ferry journey started as a cheerful trip but now we had fallen silent, soaked and slightly seasick from the side to side pounding. The barefoot captain and his swarthy crew were gripping the oversized longtail motor harder than ever to keep us on track toward the small island outcrop of Koh Chang Noi where two countries meet and tropical storms swell up from the Indian ocean. 
 My name is Andy Carvin, and I'm part of the team that coordinates NPR's online communities. You may remember that I wrote a blog post several months ago talking about the possibility of creating a new space for members of the My Cancer community that would give them new ways to interact and support each other. Today, we're launching that new space. It's called Our Cancer. 
 A trial separation may allow the spouse who wants the divorce to experience some of the feelings of being separated without making a final decision to divorce. The main advantage of a trial separation, of course, is that it's easily reversible. You can try it for a while, go through counseling, and then reconcile, or you can try separation for a while, decide you like it - and then proceed with divorce.
 This past week has seen a flurry of activity folks, if for no other reason than my recent trip down to Bishkek, our capital, in the warm Chui Valley. While up in Naryn we’ve endured the ravages of the -30 F cheelde (which has finally chicked) and a powerfully battering of snow, the weather in Bishkek has been considerably less intense. Their winter has been marked by only a little snow, a certain amount of rain, and temperatures that might surprise you. During this trip, while we were still below freezing in Naryn, daytime temps in Bishkek rose to a, granted unseasonably warm, 45 degrees. 
Many people start to question their own sanity for ever having loved such a beast in the first place. And whether you like it or not, you need to go back in your head to find that person you did love way back when. That can go a long way toward a little bit of reality. If the person you married was a good person then, they're probably still a good person, just not showing it at the moment. 
This afternoon the fun will begin with an anticipated Congressional Budget Office score followed by a House Budget Committee markup of the reconciliation amendments that will become the shell that the Senate bill will be added to as an amendment. Presumably, as soon as they're done Chairman Spratt will go to the floor. As a privileged piece of legislation, he must deliver it directly to the floor where it'll be numbered and reported out. Under House rules, the report takes two calendar days before it can be referred to the Rules Committee.The House Democratic caucus meets as Dems whip for votes. 
Eating the desired food is crucial for your wellbeing. You can try supplementing your diet with acai berry, it's not solely a widely tested and acknowledged weight loss product, it's a superfood too. There is a risk free trial offered at http://nogimp.newwellbeing.info I have been taking it for 3 weeks now and it is definately working!! 
 While this was all going on in the background, I pushed it away and did my best to enjoy all the good things that were going on around me, blessed with the support of my wonderful wife Dianne who continues to give me her strength. So it's a new year now and I am back to work and trying to figure out how to deal with an advancing cancer that will limit the time I have left.  I wish all of you the very best in the new year and ask that you throw some good wishes my way. 
Talk to your ex-spouse the way you want them to talk to you, and you have a better chance of getting what you want. Talk to them in a condescending, angry, blaming tone and I promise you will not get what you want. 
Start going after the drug companies regulate there spending The price of pharmaceuticals is outrageous!!!! The other one to go after is the providers! How can every hospital in the country constantly be expanding they have over priced staff and in most cases over staffed. The quality of care does not need to be lessened it needs to be monitored not OVER COMPENSATED What is the average salary of a drug Representative? EXACTLY!!! 
 Are you in a tough spot in your marriage right now? Every relationship has its problems and its rough patches, but that doesn't mean that you need to give up when the going gets tough. For many couples, they can actually work through their problems to create a stronger relationship. Sometimes the hard times are actually learning lessons in disguise. Here are just a few tips for getting started on the right foot. 
Cooling down with a little fun. If you need a break from the mayhem, head across the street to Bugis Junction and relax by the fountain. If you’re feeling hot join the kids and frolic in the impeccably timed water dancing about.
"We all know that the BJP is a dying breed. These changes have been made like giving a person the last blood transfusion. Soon you will see infighting in the partyand the crash of this new team.
Its very cosmatic, like a old dying lady being painted up for the world to take notice of herand think she is a young bride.
BJP have brought down their party of their own doings and the fall is very near.
Its going to be a uphill taks for Mr Nitin Gadkari to hold the party together.this is a bullshit
"
тнσѕє ωнσ ραѕѕιση мυѕι¢ ¢αηησт ℓινє ωιтнσυт ιт.. мυѕι¢ ιѕ α ∂яυg, αη α∂∂ι¢тιση. тσ ѕσмє мυѕι¢ мαу נυѕт вє тнє вєѕт ρσѕѕιвℓє ѕσℓυтιση ƒяσм яєℓιєνιηg тєηѕιση, ѕтяєѕѕ αη∂ σтнєя ∂ιƒƒι¢υℓтιєѕ ιη ℓιƒє - яαтнєя α ѕιмρℓє ωαу σƒ яєℓαχαтιση σƒ мιη∂, вσ∂у αη∂ ѕσυℓ. σтнєяѕ мαу ѕσℓєℓу ƒιη∂ ιт ƒσя єηтєятαιηмєηт ρυяρσѕєѕ. нαя∂ яσ¢к мυѕι¢ тσ кєєρ тнєм αℓινє αη∂ ιη нуρєя α¢тινє мσσ∂. 
"Aishu alias “KP”(guess what?  ) alias Demagogue s one of my closest nd best frnds nd the first person to tie me a rakhi  Always the source of support..
Honest, good-at-heart, highly conservative(!!), studious(first bencher and favorite of staff!),passionate about programming and slightly submissive (she likes male chauvinists or even those who pose so  guys note it down!) – but trust me she s not the girl u assume her to be  
An epitome of friendship (u can call yourself lucky if she “really” counts you as her close friend!) and its funny when she gets angry  coz its so easy to make her laugh uncontrollably, the very next second…One person out there who is good and always tries to be so! Quite a trusty person (lol good that she is..she knows FAR too much about me!) and one who respects others’ opinions!
U can really bank on her as a friend to sort out things for u when in need of help!I will surely miss this frnd and sister a LOT, after leaving SSN!
Wishing you a gr8 future!
Arun"
"hmmm.. raju ju ju.. viji attesting in her close friend's testimonial... me and raj started transfering friendship in college.... really he is an all in all azhagu raju attracting not only girls but also guys.. everyone come behind him... such a nice, naughty and lovely characters he is having...
i dont want to attest him has cute.., smart.., chocolaty.., handsome.., awesome.., perfect square.., bindaas and all... instead i can say.... "" just see my friend raju's photo"" that will do more...
hmmm cool.., he is nice tablist.. not like zakir ussain.., but talented in his own way..
he is very very friendly than anyone else.., the stunning matter i found in him and i never seen such a lovely character in anyone else.. give you example now.., whenever he felt like missing contacts of friends he use to call and say 
"" yenna da machi contact ye illa""..
see everyone say like this.. but not within four days.. he couldn't even tolerate four days.. that type of friend he is..."
"She redefines the laws of thermodynamics:
a) Her food intake is like normal people but she spends infinite energy talking, chatting, debating, arguing, singing, dancing, organizing events, orkuting/facebooking (throwing chappals and kickin in rajinikanth's style),...studying too now a days;) ......wonder how she creates the additional energy!
b) When alone (with say X :P), she cares about everything....wants everything to be perfect, everything to be organized, and everything to be planned....and more so than often she gets them to be....

she lives life kingsize and would do anything to keep ppl around her as happy as her!"
"The next morning when Swapna logged in she had forgotten completely about the surprise and they were chatting about random things as the conversation went by. Ram did not bother to remind her either. Swapna quickly typed, “We are going to have a huge bash for Anisha’s birthday tomorrow at her place. We couldn’t have a party that day ‘cos she had plans with her family.” Ram exclaimed, “Wow, that’s awesome sweety…. So, you are gonna be at her place all day tomorrow eh?” 

Swapna giggled to herself and replied, “Why do you ask like you’re going to come to the party? ;)” Ram sighed heavily on the other side and keyed in, “How I wish babe… how I wish……” They continued and she went on and on about what she had planned for the party. Ram was missing all the action and he felt bad about it. Ram typed out in frustration, “Damn! Semester ended yesterday and if only I could afford to get to India :( :(.” Swapna asked anticipating a positive response, “Is there no way you can come now?” Ram made a quick and short reply, “Nope.”

Swapna was now asking Ram what else they could do. Swapna asking him for some ideas for the party. Ram said his mood wasn’t ok and he logged off. Swapna tried to persuade him to stay, but, he refused and left. Swapna was missing him online and she was suddenly reminded of the surprise that he had promised. She was now very curious to know what it was and she called him. The conversation was very terse. Ram answered the call and in a very depressed tone replied, “I will call you tomorrow. I know you were reminded of the surprise I promised you. I’ll let you know tomorrow. Waiting at times increases the value of the surprise. Hold on to your curiosity sweety.” Without waiting for her to reply, he hung up. "
"Yes, i know its been looong time since i blogged or even logged into wordpress.Now am back and taking a resolution(? lets see how long it lasts) to update my blog ‘regularly’.So a quick update on what i was doing all these days.I must admit work was not that hectic though there were occasional long streches.On the travelling front i was frequenting more to home (3, even 4 times a month) from August till now.When i go home, i enjoy the few minutes i spend with my 1 month old yet-to-be-named niece. Suggestions for name welcome as i gotto be naming her officially given the status of ‘mama’ 

On otherside of life been involved with several things i relish. Premanand and me took a Ubuntu Installation ‘hands on’ workshop  @ SSNLUG in an effort to retrive the sleeping club.Presenting something for the first time to a complete set of new audience was a thrilling experience that too with 0 preparation.Pics are here. Post about that coming soon! . As part of extended work been looking into CCNET and just being amazed the way it does everything and the way its written. At home been looking into Google data Contacts API for doing something. Last week went to barcamp chennai (Yes will post one on that seperately) and to sum up in a word its ‘awesome!!!’. Again going to diwali for this weekend for a 3 day holiday.

Reminding myself on what am supposed to write after this post sometime soon.

 SFD @ SSNLUG — Experiences of last minute things
Barcamp Post
Travellogues and rant"
"steffi is a cool gal, very adorable, funny n humourous gal.. very brilliant in studies and has excavated unknown books from every library thats found in the city..hehehehee
talented in singing, dancing n experimentation..
very frenly and cool.. god bless steffi "
I helped build Blogger between 1999 and 2001. I've been keeping my weblog -- onfocus.com -- since 1998. I co-wrote a book about weblogs with Meg Hourihan and Matt Haughey from the old Blogger crew; it's called We Blog: Publishing Online with Weblogs"
"adt divya....ill say n my simple words......
usually ill not write testimonials anal....but dis girl tends me 2 write.....
pretty gud character with good thoughts and dreams.....
(i thnk dis is enufh 2 prove u) "
"
Been months since i logged into wordpress.So what was keeping me busy? Well a lot of things. Work got tighter on and off, forcing to stretch for project deliveries.But a lot of other activities also took my time. Playing TT at office in the evenings was a great exercise and stress buster.

I typed the above sometime in July and i stopped it and didnt publish that time.So what else is keeping me going? Justifying that i was busy at work all along the year will be a lie, though it can attribute to 50%. So what are the other acitivities that i did? Apart from work, been doing quite few things that bring in some satisfaction. Be it hanging around with busroutes.in guys and making some tiny contribution in python/php/testing or literally roaming around the streets for mapping e-city / hosur or attending the Wikipedia Meetup 3 and getting hooked into it or making my first article appear on the DYK section of the main page or participating in Wikipedia takes Chennai, it was all pure fun and learning. Came across a bunch of awesome people in the process of doing these things. Been to college couple of times during the alumni meet and then for software freedom day, it was just refreshing to breathe the “old air”. So stressed office schedules + Parallel activities like above + travelling home twice a month leaves no time for blogging. I have been tweeting heavily though for quite sometime now. Follow me there. Hope i will update this blog soon and will not keep it idle for a year."
Mithun ,,, one of my sweet buddy in my coll,,,he is very jolly type, ... he s one of ma sweetest frd in my lif n my best n trustworthy frnd in dis whole world,he has always been by my side whenever i needed him. a greatest support in ma life,,,respects friendship and also friends, tats the reason though he left TI long back v still r in good touch,,,,apparom ivanoda extra-curricular activities sollrean he always eats,roomla snacks iruka vidamataan konjam kooda koochapadaama saapituvaan bt i like his charc,,,he take bath nearly an hour,, some times he is very sensitive ,,,he plays every game(chumma oru show),,,he is my one of my best frd in my coll life nd once again he s my best frd nd above.... 
"ari te gr8 chap....te best among ma best frns.....
he s ma frnd rite frm childhood so i hav te privilege to tell all abt him...
a person wit high expectation......an extrovert....
step his foot in fields but neva stick to te thing...gets tempered for useless matter....
helping minded....maddy carryin everyone.....
never forget to n-joy weekend bash......havin gr8 attitude.....
dresses well......speaks confidently eventhough he does'nt know anythin....
girls go crazy on him and he boo thm well.....tackle situation carefully....lots more tell abt him.....and i think dis is enough to get to know abt him to te core....
and finally i wuld lik to finish wit this,girls use to call him as vadivelu wen v wer studyin in skool(kiddin)...... 
cheers mac....hav a gr8 lyf...."
"Hi...So mathura...One who always tells me that i study too much but the truth is she is studying too much...I never know who she was until one day...We were all busy completing the record. We both had Graphics toolkit an unusual project.I got all my doors shut for completing it in the last minute. It was that time she helped me to complete the record.Thank god i completed it..Ever since that she has been a good friend to me and had shared few things...Though we dont talk much she has always been there...

She deserves a lot more for her talents and i hope she achieves it...Best of luck mathura..Great to have met u..."
"Chiputu is how i call this 'thin frame' if i dont call him Hari. Some of the things that comes to my mind when i think about him:

1. He is always seen doing bowling actions at home.
2. Always on phone.
3. A mini google - I dont know how he gathers information about someone. But he seem to know everyone and about everyone. :)
4. Positive guy.
5. Cannot drive a two wheeler with gears. (Sorry Hari)

The only thing i dont like about him is the fact that he likes the actor Vijay.

I am new to Orkut and hence dont know if i can come back and add few more sentences about him. If not, i will conclude saying that he is a sweet chap and a great friend."
"CONTINUATION...
today,after almost 8 yrs since then i find him with the same energy and verve...everfresh and cheerful.he has been thro' my thick and thin all these years(and i badly needed him,more so, during my lean periods to guide me through)..he gives everything to keep his friends and loved ones (oops! sorry) loved one i meant happy.he has been my mentor in almost all walks of my life(except for cricket though where its the other way round..hehehe..no jus joking.he is a great batsman and i adore him there too).he is good at managing situations,his arguments are unbeatable..his smile goes a mile and settles ur nerves.well for all the attributes that he has got,to have his head firmly resting on his shoulders is something that is worth a mention...
and now to the critic part of it..
he is too fussy about his food(jus like me though)...he is a bit lazy is an understatement..and he never lies..ya he weighs 65kg and afridi is the best cricketer in the world.
thanx for being the way you are da.."
"Additionally, we cannot cross-sell or up-sell products to high net worth individuals because there is no 360-degree view of the customer available to us. Therefore to begin with, UTI Mutual Fund will invest in CRM for service support, and later move to integrate sales and marketing,” concludes Reddy.

Says Rajesh Ghosh, Vice-president and General Manager, Sage Accpac India, “You should know who the top 20 percent of your customers are, and you’ve got to make sure you retain them. You’ve got to find the reasons why they are with you, why they are paying premium prices, why they may have a lot of accounts and how you created value in that relationship to make switching either too expensive or undesirable."
"best friend ,,
simple ,quiet ,smart,jovial,etc.....................................................
just complete in saying him""mr.computer""................................................... "
she has a good sense of humour( especially those high quality mokkaisss...sabbaaa ... why bloood shame blood oly surely loll)..she s a big time nyabaga maradhi lollll... how many mob s ve u lost loos????? he he.. she s a strict friend:-P which i lik a lot abt her... if she doesn lik somethin in u (close fren )she ll tell u.. tat s a really good thing bcoz close frenz always kno wats rite and wats not:-)))she s really very sincere in watever she does....:-) seriously not kiddin... i really admire tat quality in u rad:-) she has a reallly wonderful smileeee...chek out her pics:-)she s an ardent fan of dear dance peacock dance lollll...hope this testi was a kutti surprise for u rad:-)) u ve been a really close frn to me.. and i'll treasure each and every moment tat i spent with u:-)hope we remain the BESTESTTTT of frenz forever no matter watever come... very happy and lucky to ve a fren like u rad:-):-) ve a really great time at the us and do keep in touch with this dodo lollll... tak care... miss u..cheers:-)
I sailed into the gymnasium with forced enthusiasm and despite the few odd muscle catches that occurred, by the end of my two hours there was a definite sense of improved condition. The bounce came back, the heat of the morning sun on the lawn was welcomed and the entire day has been spent in spasmless wonder !! I wore a new dress. I changed my watch. I wore a pair of shoes that had been ignored for long. I attended to my car repair personally. While driving to Jalsa I reprimanded a traffic offender. I sang along with the FM radio jock as one of my favorites belted itself out from the speakers on the car. I checked the electricals in the house that were giving us a problem. I unpacked and laid out the various gifts presented to me from the Oman Excellencies. I fixed my computer, discovering during the course that I had been using the wrong cable box for my internet connection. I made calls to people that I had been avoiding for sometime. And … I watched the IPL with great delight…
 shermi i know u from my 3rd onwards..................... u r so friendly with everybody.........every one likes u............really u looking very cute, ur enlglish is soooooo nice to hear............ from our department two girls really speak english very well one is u and another one from our class........... vimal told me lot of things abt u........ u the one very loudspeaker of the van is it correct?............ u make everyone to laugh......... its really nice na... first time i speak with u on exhibition r u remembering ............. i came with vimal and his parents.......... u explain abt the palm building ........... really nice ur fast speaking english attract everybody including vimal parents tooooo.........during exhibition everyone opposed u coz u got first prize na................... its really shame to every one coz u done very good civil concept......... its ur talent sorry for u,,,, behalf everyone from our final years....i wish u all the best for ur bright future.. dont forget me 
steffi .. sweet,caring & sentimental char like all nagercoilians .. always want to be n pick of things .. wants to go out with friends most times .. a more & more sentimental easy going type .. wants to mingle with family members .. more to write & speak abt her .. i can assure u she gives value 4 fship .. 
Interest in Norton's take on things, and any reference to him returning becomes a major conversation, and I hope Marvel pays attention to all of that energy being spent.  I think it's really Marvel's decision at this point, not Norton's, and Marvel will make it a priority if they are told, loud and clear, "This is a priority."  They could easily write around Norton or replace him, but I think that would be a creative misstep.  When you have a collaborator who is this smart, and this willing, you shouldn't walk away.  You should embrace them, even if that means doing some difficult things and making some choices that cede some power.  Marvel is being incredibly smart about the films they control these days, and they have a chance to line up a truly great cast when the Avengers assemble.
Yesterday i was sitting and waiting for few friends in a Chinese restaurant. Waiting is the annoying thing I happen to do very often since I am always ahead of time. So now my friends are partially to be blamed for my habit. I end up catching a conversation between a 40 something year old man and a 12 to 14 year old boy. The book I was trying to read was bad anyway. I heard the dad asking his son about school and friends. That grabbed my attention. The son patiently answered like he really wanted to share. How many teenagers do that? (Not like i am the 40 year old dad) Then the topic turned to women. Father asked if the son liked anyone in school. The son just giggled. I wanted to pull that kid’s cheeks. Now lets just focus on non creepy side of me.
He is known as 'THE spike bala' aka bajji...my lab partner,one of my best mates @ coll,philosopher and a lots more... He s de * player of our team....adicha six than...apram best fielder..pannada oru catchu vida matan wen i play in the opp team class la payan silent...pesave matan...na pesi than matuven He s quite opp to me..finishes assignments,UT ku padichitu varuvan,record tym ku submit panuvan...idhla matum company kudukave matanHe always make sure tat he s nt left out...his dialogues-'mama ena vituradhe' He usually talks less...The reason???  The reason-payan romba serious ah cowshik ku edho xplain panitu irundhan...at tat tym a girl passed by...cowshik ivan vitu andha ponu kudaiya poitanpavom...frm tat tym he usually talks less Comin to the worst part of him..advice kudukuran nu mokka poduvan..lol.(Bajji summa da) pavam 'S.Kumar' he is usually the victim Bajji never stop givin advices da...we r expectin a lot more frm u Stay in touch mac
"""IT's the people whom you call at 3 in the morning that matter"".

we ll that's kind of mundane for us...we ve done that day in and day out(digital systemes [;) being the star attraction]

nature has no love for solitude, and always leans, as it were, on some support and the sweetest support is found in the most intimate friendship.

ACHU the man,always been there for me.One of the most level headed guys one can come across.

and ya ya basketball,studies,sincerity,hardwork,movies....this guy qualifie's in superlatives in all these

ACHU the best""best friend"" candidate who's got a heart of gold and a sane head on his shoulders....couldnt have asked for a better buddy

Even though we might change and we might part finding our own places in the world, we all know that when the tears fall or the smile spreads across our face, we'll come to each other because no matter where this crazy world takes us, nothing will ever change so much to the point where we're not all still friends."
We believe that while investments in ERP will continue, many large businesses are buying additional user-licences and modules as they expand their operations and networks. Says Ravi Kathuria, Director, Marketing and Solutions, SSA Global India, “We find a good percentage (over 50 percent) of our business coming from repeat orders from these large enterprises in the form of additional user-licences and functionality modules including HR and payroll. This is because their transactions have grown along with capacities and sales.”
"Shiv Gaad, the biggest flirt I know...besides me, of course. I like one thing about this dude - He is a hedonist. He is always looking out to have fun. So, if you are with him, chances are you will have fun too. (even more so if you are a girl ;)). He is a little bit of a wannabe but certainly tolerable. Btw, if you are not friends with Shiv yet, you should want to become friends with him since I feel Shiv is great with people whom he is just getting to know. He will ignore you after he knows you well enough. :-) 
(the latter is not true but the former is)
"
"No, I am not going to write about what I think of God. But, I am going to talk about the gods hanging on our walls. Everyone has a calendar to give you at the beginning of the new year which has the most beautiful of god pictures on them. So, you find it cute, get it home, put it on your desk, hang it on the wall.

After a year, when it has collected dust (ok maybe yours does not, mine does!) and has faded, what do you do about it?"
"sandeep is one of my best n lovable friend, a great chracter..lot of humour sense..avan kuda iruntha time porathae theriyathu....very very good boy....smart n dearest to all...romba nallavan, vallavan...we had a great time in our school days....he is one of my truthful n trustable friend....more over i dint see him as another person, i see him as part of me,n care him lot lot tat he himself knw...i like him lot...i can realise our frndship bond gettin stronger n stronger day by day... he gonna do higher studies in abroad, i miss him lot :(
all the very best for ur higher studies n carrier da....
~with love
magi"
I also wish you a fiscally successful, personally fulfilling and medically uncomplicated recognition of the onset of the generally accepted calendar year 2010, but not without due respect for the calendars of choice of other cultures whose contributions to society have helped make our country great (not to imply that India is necessarily greater than any other country) and without regard to the race, creed, color, age, physical ability, religious faith or sexual preference of the wishee.
Make sure you utilize all the company contribution. For example, if the company is matching contribution 100% for the first 1% and 50% for 5% of your contribution, choose your contribution to be 6% at the very least. If conditions favor, choose maximum contribution allowed by IRS, 15,500 for 2007. This will increase by $500 for the next few years as per a law passed in the congress.
"Ok … so a lesson has been learnt ! Never talk too soon ! Talked yesterday on how positivity had changed my condition and how fantastic I was feeling … hmm .. rubbish ! Nothing worked today ! Ha .. The pain was back, gym was a torture and an entire day spent in lamenting the uselessness of life. Nothing to discourage readers or to deflate their enthusiastic reactions to yesterdays blog, but … ya … just feel when you talk about it, it does not work. Better to do, than to open your mouth about it.
Many would disagree though. Not speaking up, a sign of weakness they would proclaim. But in this instance, I would rather go with what I have generally felt. We must do, others to talk on what we do. And its not important that what we do is talked about. So long as the reason for what we do, are taken in beneficially to the person for whom we do. Cause and reason should know. Not who contributed to the cause or reason. Better this way."
hey here s a cute testimonal about ma best frnd pravin,.,.,cumin 2 tel about him he s very smart n stylish guy with lotz of fun:).,.,he s bein ma frnd from ma skool dayz itself ,.,.,,.he s a pakka decent guy never c gals n all(ipaditan niraya peru ninachikitu irukanga.,..,,nayee oru ponna vida matan),.,.,n he a nice character too with lotz of helpin mind he ll never say no 2 help the frndz,.,.,,.now v both rockin at the same col n goin 2 rock n future as partners in business:).,.,,.nyway thank jesus 2 give a nice frnd like him bet wishes 2 him in future,.,.,MR.ALAAA
spikes bajji.. first thing tht strikes abt him is his energetic and vibrant personality.. a humourous guy.. nalla comedy pannuvan, also comedy avan.. :) used to show his teeth always, even when our staffs screw him.. if u feel dull, just have a chat wid him, sure u'll get boosted up, a real flamboyant he is.. we had a very good and unforgettable time in tour(he lost my t-shirt in falls and made me roam around wid jerkins :( ;-) ), mini-project and of course many times inside class and bunking classes.. thalaivar-ku sentimental and romantic-a innoru side iruku, but oru appavi face-a vachu polachitu irukan.. helping tendency konjam athigam.. also think, he doesnt have the word "anger" in his dictionary.. a real sweet friend.. wish u all d happiness and success da.. :)
"Bambi - (The usual. super lost. Bambi knows Gandhi statue only today!)
Bambi :Hey macha, this is only Gandhi statue da.
KR: I know that da.
Bambi -(Silence. How could anyone have known something before him!)
Now the ego has been hurt.

Time for the Bambi Brainwave
Bambi (Looks at the indian emblem): Hey!! Thats only Ashok Pillar da...!( For the non-chennaiites that place is across town!)
Me - (Sobbing uncontrollably, ipdi kollai panrane!)
Bambi : What!! Thats Ashoka's symbol so its Ashok Pillar!
KR (This macha lives in Nungambakkam): Dai, there is one like this near my house also da..thats only Ashok Pillar
Me -( Can't believe my ears)
Me (Laden with sarcasm): Oh look! Therez a clock tower! Thats the Mani Gundu!!
Both - (Realisation!!):Oh yea!!!
Me (Wanna kill myself)
Three cheers to Bambi n his friend, for whom the city of Madras is a 10 mt strip!"
"We r big fans of dada,he loves cricket when dada is there..else he wont ...he always puts things in different perspective...Even during a big storm,he will keep his cool and composed nature...He cares for his friends and surroundings...

Yu know ,even thou he's talented in many areas,he is reluctant when it comes to something...Say that something to someone soon na...All the best for dat.....Machen Sie es schneller Bruder.....Germaniyen sendhaen malarae...get wat i am saying??

I should thank god to have got him as ma bro...Er ist am besten und das kühlste.....He will fly abroad soon for his higher studies..all the very best bro!!!Am sure yu will go places juz for yur coolest nature!!!

Rock on bro!!!God bless yu vivek ji!!!Keep smiling and keep yur coolest attire going...

Regards,
Ihr je liebender Bruder,
Sathya!!!!
"
"SV, the most famous name in our campus. Right from the office assistant to the H.O.D. Everyone knows him and most of the time,he can be seen hanging out wit gals.lolz.
An enthusiast of taking seminars, even the staffs wldnt have taken so much. To say, he needs to be paid for his service lolzzz and he also asks Qs after his seminar(remba over).
Any doubts the whole class, goes behind him. Takes classes at his home for class guys. 
Now, my project mate. Its really cool discussing topics with him. Very cooperative and he helps a lot, A LOT!!
You cant see him sit quite . He'll keep himself occupied with something or the other.
Ooru vambu romba jaasthi.!!!
He makes most of the hours free with his unique talent (with staffs).
U need ny help? knock his door , you ll be helped
He always moans of very poor attendance, low marks and stuffs,but has 90% in all these aspects"
"
   It has been our pleasure to have Collection Services, Inc taking care of our bad debt collections for over 20 years.
On more than one occasion, we have measured CSI's results against other agencies. CSI has consistently delivered excellent results.
   Another area that sets CSI apart from others is their customer service. They have a proven record of collecting bad debt while treating our patients with respect. In the very few instances that we have received negative feedback about CSI from one of our patients, CSI's response and resolution has always been immediate and professional.
   Rarely does a vendor understand and remain so committed to such a mutually beneficial relationship. CSI operates as a true partner. CSI also provides reports through their website, and they are always able to accommodate any of our requests for special information in a timely manner.
"
"John, really you and Shankar have driven these change improvement initiatives by identifying critical business needs.  So, I greatly appreciate both of you having the passion, drive and interest to continuously improve our IT operations in the Rice Building.

Now the harder part is actually delivering results and implementing high-impact solutions for our stakeholders -- Jim, Prof Shanley, Mary, Shari, Rita, etc.... so that they can recognize the decision and efforts were worthwhile."
"Mirror, mirror on d wall who's the strongest of them all!!! The one, the only Ankit Rana.
But if scrape through the tough exterior you will come across a heart of gold. The problem is not many guys have d guts to do so but those who do r blessed with a buddy for d rest of their lifetime, fortunately i am one of them.
When he's not humiliating the machines at our gym, he's gaming or going berserk on his bike or biting into delicious delicacies or checking out d cars of the world over or, and this he does d most, being a support system to his pals ( excusive rights of entry into this club lie solely on his whims n fancies!!!LOLZ).
Let not his amazing sense of humour fool you into believing that he isn't focussed, he knows exactly where his destination lay, its just that he does not make a hullabaloo of it like d many other people you might have met.
Repaying you in d sholay spirit ""Khali"":-
Ye... dosti.. hum nahi todenge..., todenge dum magar..., tera saath na chodenge...."
Have you ever seen a beautiful monkey gone mad ?? No...?? I think u haven't met this female.. lol... Jayashree.. most difficult to understand creature on this planet.. she'll scream at you like anythin.. but the next day she talk for hours with u as if nothing happened.. really a fun girl to be with.. Happy to say she s my best friend.. Proud that 'm her best friend... Padips ( one among the few to touch the doors of the dream job in ma class) Everyone loves to talk ( flirt?? ) with her.. She s so proud of her place( she may even say ambathur is the capital of india!! No wonder ) GREAT CLASSIC DANCER - also rockz in western - Gifted !!!! sometimes even sings well ( can i forget tat etho ondru song jay?? ) and virtuoso in loosing mobiles..lol... Wish she 'll b my beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssstttttttttt friend alwayz...
binesh anna.... hmmmmm... he sits in my row an he is kindaa silent.... ok ok i should not tell lies..... he he... we have real fun in class... he has an awsome height and nice hairstyle.... everyday he will look very different and samma cute... i like his hairstyle though.... he is called PUNCH in our class.... he speaks punch dialogues i guess... we put mockai..... together... we have fun and give others bun..... lol
I agree. No one has the right to tell you what to do, how to do things. Anything we do or say, ppl will criticize. What you do right might be wrong to someone else, hence criticism is constantly alive. I would channel those criticize into positive advice and keep your ear opens. Don't shut out these criticism. Criticism is a way of seeing yourself in a different perspective. And I feel twitter, blogging has given the celebrities (singers, actors) a whole new medium to connect to their fans. I'm glad they are doing it. Because I wouldn't be able to praise Shahrukh Khan about his latest movie if it wasn't for him being in Twitter or I wouldn't be able to tell you how much I loved your " O Aiiye" song from Ayan. 
"Everyone’s in shock over what happened to the Lankan team. None more so than the Taliban/LeT. They are utterly shocked that the rest of us assumed sportsmen would not be targeted.

This was after the Lankan team was promised President-level security. Really? If this is the protection President-level security gets you, I don’t blame Zardari for signing that pre-emptive deal with the Taliban.

No more sports in the country. If it’s any consolation, Pakistan can continue playing mind games with India and ‘double-games’ with the US.

Yep. A call intercepted by the CIA confirmed that the Pakistani military is still actively supporting the Taliban. So Pakistan is happily absorbing billions in free aid whilst merely pretending to help America in return. Kinda like AIG, when you think about it.

It’s been 2 days and no real leads. Zardari has assured everyone that the state is the doing the best it can. Sure, but no resignations. None so far. Shivraj Patil was not reachable for comment."
62 years have paused and many teams have been formed and yet the congress cannot even think of a democratic set up as yet. Performance, if you measure in terms of increase in the growth of BPL families over these period , is no solace either. Neither can you boast of a free and fair society when the terror is lurking on your head at any moment and the economic growth that is being tomtomed is confined only to a few business houses growing richer and richer while the divide between the haves and have-nots is growing wider. Whereas you are questioning the new team of BJP where there is atleast the democracy at its root. Please give them the breathing time and then judge their performance rather than anticipating miracles overnight.
Shaggy as i would like u to him is one i would easily compare with one of my greatest friends , let me tell you he knows how to be himself though he tends to break up sometimes. he has been there as my locker .mostly cool and calm.you'll not realise he's there with u untill he breaks his silence with his good mokais . he pretty much knows everything abt me .and wow a great dude to hang out with.. macha u rock.. and almost forgot to tell u ppl ..we share the twin passion .. BIKES and SPEED... roll on buddy
"hmm ya..am yo jolly go rocker..wanna look really serious but unfortunately i dont..lol..
then i play badminton...
i sometimes get crazy when anything abt beckham..he he
and abt my features ..u better look at my album//
lol..no place for the slightest emotions in my life..many hate that in me..lol 
ah then..the usual.. friendly ..bla bla nonsence..
being a saggitarian ..i keep trying different things and u know the result..then i do beleive i have something spl in me which could only be felt..so catch me up!!!"
well this is the improved testi i promised.. well all the other testi's say almost everything abt arthi which r good. its true. i dont wanna repeat it.. so here r the other aspects not mentioned.. i feel that she gets along with everyone easily.people may feel she is close to them but she does not get really close to them unless she gets to know them well for a long time.self confidence is high.. but i feel a bit of proudness also shows up sometimes.. funny girl.. takes things easily. knows how to enjoy and spend time..performs in the end always in studies.. a girl with very good character
Hilarious intimate chum of me.Tenacious to orkut .Creating ruckus of all forms in St.Xavier moreover he is a well known guest to HOD.He is obviously seen in our mob doing jaunty pranks......
have known shankar aka bodha since 2nd semester.things have come a long way..i seriously doubt it if anyone remembers him by his name.treu to his nick this guy spks as if hes in a state of bodhai always..god knows how hed spk if he were on a real high.just when all of us began to think that this shunned girls he proved us all wrong after joinin orkut(one look at his scrap buk or his friends list wil tel u what i mean).a real movie freak this guy probably has more movies stacked up thn any of those parlours in town.a real fun guy to hang out with as hel realy make the time wit him worth it.hope our friendship lasts forever..
Sri Lanka's cricket history is replete with fast bowlers, both in the pre-Test era and after, but they have never produced anyone of genuine pace, although many believe DS Jayasundera, a right-arm fast bowler in the 1930s and 40s, was genuinely sharp, and there have been none faster since.
Sometimes, I can't help but feel that it's a 'Truman show' happening here for me at Moscow. Wake up at the same time, have the same breakfast ( not too many veg options) - infact, when I call 'Room service' the lady says ' Oh yes sir, I know what you'll have for breakfast', have a pick up taxi at 11 (most of the times its the same taxi driver), pass by the hotel receptionist who says the customary "Good morning", try to engage in some conversation with the taxi driver, keep looking out of the taxi window trying to identify the way(though we always take the same route, I always tend to find it new everyday), say hi to the russian colleagues, go for lunch at 15h00 sharp and have the same dish (again very few veggie options), try to engage in conversations with the russians colleagues, have a taxi back at 8, hot shower in the evening, have the same dinner(no more mentioning about the kinda food I get) , watch CNN and eurosport(watch the Sheffield Snooker championship) on TV ( only english channels) till about 12 in the night and hit the bed - AND this over and again for 5 consecutive days. Woah - the story of my life in the past week.
There are many things that I missed posting when I was back in India. One among them is this post.Being in SSN, the rules and restrictions of other similar colleges seemed so weird. When one would talk about the rules and restrictions of such colleges, I have often thought that it is either a rumour or an exaggeration. One of such rules that you may see is the formal dress code of engineering colleges. Such rules exist in most colleges. Some of certain rules are wearing absolute formal dress like pants and tucked in shirts. If that is not enough, some restrictions are also imposed. One of the worst cases would be asking the students to wear only light colored shirts and asking them not to wear black. Few of my friends happened to go to one of the college to distribute promotional posters of our department symposiums and they had happened to go to such college by wearing a tee shirt and jeans. One of the security guards didn't let them go until they proved that they were students from other college. There is also an instance I heard that the security guard didn't let one person with a tee shirt to enter the college and that person ended to be the father of a student studying in that college. There is one rule that exists that gives you a glance of the upper limit of stupidity of engineering colleges. That is the rule of asking boys to not speak to girls and vice versa.
"hmmmm ... this guys ma friend for almost a year now ... whenever we meet a guy whos jus like us we feel this guy is the rit person to share fun , emotions and everythin n this guys one of them ...a very cool , exciting , always active , stupid , DAWG .... ma best friend .. mama and evthin ... lol . Hey nee gethuu macha ..
(he told me to write all this ) :p .... "
I guess I am little late in wishing you all a Happy Pongal but yet the festival season isn’t over yet. So I wish you all a Happy Pongal and a Happy Tamil New Year as well! I guess I am late in posting the first post this year too. It is pretty surprising that I am into my fifth year of my blogging. The journey continues. As far as my blogging goes, it goes pretty slowly at the moment. But it seems just like last month, I stepped into SSN College of Engineering. Now I am just a part of the SSN alumni. Last week, they had conducted a wonderful tribute to the SSN alumni and I really appreciate that, even though missing it by thousands of miles. Every year, we look into the rest with a new hope, trying to build a future that has been carved perfectly in our minds. We try to recreate that model. Sometimes we fail but sometimes we win. Some people drive with the hope of winning. Some drive with the fear of losing. The former is preferred as when driving a car, you go with the intention to go to the destination safely and you don’t drive with the fear of crashing. Again ‘Safety’ is a weird word and I need to use it carefully. ‘Safety’ is closely associated with fear and it is contradicting my opinion. The positive hope is what drives us forward but at the same time, we need to have a small touch of fear that helps us defend ourselves to whatever obstacles we are facing on the journey ahead.
"Achu hmmm first thing that comes to mind is discipline( he is always late by ten to fifteen mins for any work).. sincere(this is not restricted just to studies).. hardworking he is, jst loves burning the midnight oil and makes sure the other guy(it was me back in school) also loses sleep.. 4ams were a routine

beach,movies,football,basketball,tv,pc games,Mcrennet,zeta jones,411 if i can recollect r some of his fav pasttimes and hangouts.. and now he has a bike so imagine and yet he finds time to study.. i feel sad tht v dint end up in the same coll

he has his own principles and his own ways of doing things and one has to respect him for tht.. when im down i do get some advice from him... very trustworthy and reliable... im sure he will make it big in the future..

finally, bcos ur name appears first in my cell contacts and Y! messenger list(as it is for others) guys mistake it for some girl's and i get to be a bit popular and maintain some level of 'gethu'... one good reason to remain ur friend :-)"
wel,,,abt shermi,,,,i know her ryt frm ma skool dayz,,,,shez very active gal,,gets involved in lots of activities,,,,shez such a gud frend tat she beleives wat ever said 2 her,,,coz she harldy lie,,,,n her aim is 2 becom a psycho(logist),,,,n shez got gud helpin nature,,,n ofcors gud frend of mine,,,, 
hey!! Niyaz here ur junior!! U studyin in UIC only le? I got admit in UIC fr CS. But I have got limited standing status. They have not mentioned antg abt the courses I have to take for changing from limited to full. I need more info on that wat shud I do now? Give me ur email Id ill send the details of my admit letter.
"Matthew Vaughn's Kick-Ass isn't going to be in theaters for over a month, but it premiered last night at the 2010 South by Southwest Film Festival to huge success. When ComingSoon.net/SuperHeroHype spoke with the movie's stars, Aaron Johnson and Christopher Mintz-Plasse, we weren't too surprised to learn there's already talk about a Kick-Ass 2 at least in terms of a second volume from creators Mark Millar and John Romita Jr. 

We'll have a full review soon, but what's interesting about Vaughn's movie is that it starts and ends almost exactly like the first 8-issue volume of the comic series, so it essentially leaves Vaughn in a place where he could take what Millar and Romita do in a second volume and adapt it directly onto the big screen as a sequel. "
Nithin a lovable friend of mine. i used to share him many matters. he too shares with me his views. He is jovial type. he does anything for a friend. he is really a care taker of mine.he is a friend of mine from LKG itself.hope we will be friends life long. we cant forget our school days in life.best of luck da mapila
hmmmmm......how to start.....where to start from......we were batchmates from LKG....we were the people from opposite gangs...we dont like each other....this was the mindset till 9th grade.....we started getting caught with same problems....we started working out for that....our exams started we started prep bits together.....we came to know each other well ......our 10th exams came ...we studied.......passed out with great difficulty.......we went into 11th ....he became my trustworthy friend....i used to share eveything with him.......he became my best friend ever....touchwood.....i can do anything for him alone.....he is mad stupid etc...he wont stick with same idea.....he cant think abt a same carrer for more than 6 months....u need to tune him a lot......rest in next testimonial....i can write a book abt him if time permits.....i will try open many secret matters in next one.....
"I'm a web developer from Lincoln, NE. I kind of fell into programming, working with a friend in the mid 90's, trying to figure out what this internet thing was all about.<br><br>		In college I was an economics major, a subject that is still of great interest to me."
"Happy bday jayashree... for ur good and caring heart ur life ll always be filled with fun and joy..god bless u..
SSN life is over and u r one among my closed ones whom i miss lots..from the 3rd semester you ve been wit me in all my good and bad times..giving me the moral support.. cant forget my seventh sem reval.. u ve the lucky hands which filled my reval form..cant forget the final yr tour..the instincts we worked together.. the happy days dance on karthik pro show..our group of friends visit to ur hz on the farewel nit..and many many more are there tat happened this 8th sem..i ve mentioned everythin in ur slam...ill cherish those moments through out my life..i hope u enjoyed this year bday too....we really enjoyed it.. memorable day da..U r the one whom ill never miss in my life... every yr we ll surely rock ur bday.. cya..from ur loving brother bhuvi...."
"ANOO my cute DOGGIE sis.a damn funny creature who luves teasin people around her.a cute smile she's got but her eyes becomes 2 slits wen she laughs out loud.wonder y :).She is someone who can easily match or can easlily overtake my level of chattering.an absolute chatter box.time flies wen ya r on the phone with her.kinda reserved and luvs a lot 2 be with her friends!!anoo is the ""BALIAADU""for most of them :)you can pull her leg a lot.and she'll stand there laughing not even realising its her leg bein pulled.haha.great sport!!a very very sensitive and senti person!one can readily confide in her.WAS :P always ready 2 give TREATS for vettis like me.:D.lolz! most of the times she's gud, but sometimes she bcomes so irritated or depressed tat she turns into a rebel 4 those who goes against her thoughts n she willl hate them to the core(tat will be 4 not more than 5 min)!!but she's too good 4 the one she likes,she motivates like hell , and very carin.my very sweet sis and a very talented DANCER.:)
CHEERS DOGGIE"
"New Zealand batsman Brendon McCullum is keen to put the lessons learned from a difficult 2009 IPL into practice during this year's tournament.

McCullum is in the middle of a home series against Australia. New Zealand lost the Chapell-Hadlee series 3-2 and the teams will meet in Wellington on Friday for the first of two Test matches. With the 2010 IPL successfully underway amongst security fears, McCullum is still waiting on clearance before confirming his involvement but was eager to participate in the competition because of its massive impact on the cricketing world."
Here we go...the testi of my friend from 7th standard....AN ABSOLUTE GEM OF A GIRL....very kind hearted,a great friend to have...people think she is a very soft character but she isnt..we only know about it...ppl watch out...lolz... But when you are close to her she is the BEST i tell you...ALL THE BEST...
"The last few days have been an emotional rollercoaster for the team behind the show. The producer of the show Roshni Menon died twenty days before the opening night leaving them completely shocked and shattered. Until they realised that the best tribute they could give their friend was make her dream come true.

“We had the first audition on the first weekend of November, and had a callback in the second weekend and started rehearsals by the third week. But before the rehearsals, I spoke to Shaun Roberts to get the music ready and Mike (Michael Muthu) about the set design,” recalls Denver."
"Lakshmi a.k.a motorrrrr..the world's greatest talking machine...she can talk-talk-talk like
forever..i think she talks even when shez asleep..get her started and u'll find tht u wudnt have
spoken a word in the convo..amazzinggg talent..she cant beat anyone hands down!..
With that never ending talk comes the laughter part..again..she can't stop laughing..she laughs even for the most idiotic jokes and its real tough to stop her..but once she stops,she'll start talking again.. argghhh!!makes u wonder whr tht mouth came from..
Barring all tht.. shez a fantastic person.. real friendly and has an ultra positive perspective towards life..very bold considering all the things shez been thro.. shez also brilliant in studies and a master of the ""memory mapping"" technique..fun loving,trustworthy(who says she cant keep secrets?!),caring,gregarious,level-headed and damn helpful.. she never takes things to heart despite being the butt of all our jokes..
Thanks for being a great pal!! ""motorr"" rocks!!"
vasoooool raani :P.. finally here goes a testimonial for a great friend . charanya is someone who always knows what she is doin ( apart from washing banana's occasionally :D).. always upto something and really hardworking be it during exams(??), culturals or dancing !!! can forget her expressions when she dances, appdiye full effort potu aaduvaa.. iv never seen her throw tantrums or get pissed at anyone for quite some time.. avlo composed..shes been a very helpful person, right from techgnostic trails to the staff felicitation to every other dept function.. overall a true vasoolist and a unique character who,by the way, is a great friend too.. keep rocking and have a sexed out life :) 
The year 2009 is coming to an end. Many of my batchmates would agree with me that we would have thought about 2009 for so long. I wondered, in 2005, how 2009 would be because just like 2003 and 2005, we always know that 2009 is going to be a big year, atleast for our batch. Now the year 2009 has almost come to an end. Yes it did make one of the most important changes in my life. 2009 is a tag for us. If we wish to go back to SSN or attend an alumni function, we would be calling ourselves 2009 passouts. I would be referred as Kavin of 2009 batch. Kavin CSE ‘A’ is all gone. It is going to be Kavin of 2009. Lol. Every one of our batch mates would have known that they were travelling in the same road of education until 2009. It is in 2009 we departed, each taking our own ways. Some went on for jobs, business, and some want to travel in the same path of education. I belong to the latter. Looking back 2009, it has been a great year for TAGS. It gained popularity which spread like wild fire. More people came to adopt and we were able to do it really fast. This day happens to be the Second Anniversary of TAGS. I wish TAGS all success throughout.
If u see dasavataram in each and every frame kamal will be there dominating the scene which is unlike his movies where he gives his co-actors are  also given a chance to dominate like in  Anbe Sivam,Virumandi and much of his movies.But in dasavataram it was purely Kamal and no one else though Asin was there she didn't do a great deal.And it paid out for Kamal.Dasavatharam is the biggest blockbuster of the year and the only blockbuster in Kollywood. When we come to Rajini he used to be in every frame of the movie and his fans and all other people would love him for his punch dialogues,style and fight sequences.But when you take Kuselan Pasupathi would be in every frame of the movie and Rajini would have dominated the climax where he makes everyone cry.Padayappa is a rare exception but in that movie also he was there full length while in Kuselan he was there only for 55 mins and in Chandramukhi Jyothika dominated only the last 20 mins other parts it was full of Rajini. But unfortunately it didn't pay off for rajini as Kuselan ws one of the major flops of the year along with Bheema and Kuruvi.And Rajini is asked to pay the debts for the loss occued which is really sad because when his film were huge hit no one came and and give him the share he is eligible for but when it is a flop he is asked to pay the debts.  Only one thing is clear from this .For a masala actor it is difficult to give a hit if he doesn't dominate whereas for an actor who gives his co-actors  a chance the people like it any way he acts if the film is good.
"A great buddy to be with.
Never felt sad when am with him.
One more to say,he does always laugh.I dont know how and why?????(Anomaly characteristics).
Relished and enjoyed with him.
AAAAAAAAA JJJJJJJJJJJJ . "
here goes my testimonial for viveki know this guy for the past 8 yrs and still remember the first day wen he joined 11th in our schoolhe is very friendly,helpful and a cool guy who takes things in a sportive manner and a good friend to be with...he is very good at french and german, he was our unofficial french teacher at schoolcant forget those days wen v used to go to his house saying v r gng to learn frenchand instead we used to play cricket inside his house ,his house was almost like a guest house for us where we get snacks and tea  always, we have spent more time talking to each other while playing in the ground rather than in school..those are memorable days and he is one of the few school frnds with whom i still have regular touch...hope we remain in contact till the end ... wishing him all the very best for his future career 
".knew Mr. Jughead/Payasam through a common friend
...never have met him in person, YM has been the medium of communication.

Based on the limited interaction and his blogs, I would say he is a rational and insightful thinker. Sometimes, tends to get confused between tradition and US life or at least tries to analyze it a bit too much. 

Intellectual, sometimes my sounding board and a little caring.

John, hope the testimonial is exactly the way you wanted it to be.... :)"
"On a 'business' jaunt to Moscow for 2 weeks. Remains to be seen how the next two weeks pass by.
Have the following weeks to see the place. Luckily the weather is not bad 10 deg in the morning and around 0 deg C in the nights. Apparently, my hotel is in the middle of the city and so, all the good locations are nearby. Normally, I plan out what to do in such trips. Having come alone, am yet to look up even a Moscow map."
"When I wrote that the first half of the film and the second half of the film are of contrasting genres – the first being a B-movie adventure (that works because of the chemistry and sexual tension between the trio) and the second half turning into a dark, Chosen One epic war film, I didn’t really mean to say that’s the problem.

From Dusk Till Dawn and Teen Deewarein are fine examples of completely changing genre halfway and pulling the rug from right below your feet. So I don’t really have a problem with a filmmaker choosing to change genre halfway. The problem is that the filmmaker here has no idea of how to do it smart."
Where do I start the testimonial for a very important person in my life? We know each other for the past 7 years and have been really really close for the past 4 years. First I thought she would be a person who is shy, unfriendly and stuff but later when we became close realized what a caring person she is nu.We have spent so much time together in the name of "combined studies" chit chatting about all the gossips on earth. All the last minute study at her house, going at 10 pm on the last day before the exam for xerox sema fun those days. Not only her, the total family takes care of me. Her mom is the best cook on earth, keeps giving me something or the other. Her sister has been really caring and the nakkals and teasing both of us do to each other chance e ella. At the end of the four eventful college years, the memories alone stand. We may depart, and chose a different career in life but the distance is going to make the friendship bond much stronger.
"wat can i write abt this guy,u need to think a lot
if u wanna write abt him.A picture perfect for a college going bloke.
very childish in his own ways,almost evrybody in clg is friend to him.
first evryone said he's a bookworm,but whn i saw his pic(the one with coolers),no one will
say ever he's a padips.he's more than a book worm,a voracious reader,but his effects are limited to only
clg syllabus.Try 2 improve ur scope da.machan doesnt know anythin abt english muvies or songs,tht disappoints me.
being ma good comrade,i want 2 u sharpen things on tht.No matter u can ask my help anytime.
This little soldier has a gr8 future 2 come and i can see tht(this is gotto be the greatest lie)."
"
Yes, you read it right, unusual things happening today.Like am posting more than a post on same day in an otherwise very much inactive blog, i also did a trek to Skandagiri.(Kalavaarahalli betta)

It was all decided on a conf call on thursday night.

Friday night 9 pm :- Dinesh picked me and we were heading to Praveen place at nagawara and went to Praveen’s place.Raj joined as around 1030. We were chatting till 1230 at his place and then started. The road going towards airport was awesome. Dinesh frequently touched 87 and occasionally 90+. Then we had a break just before Airport flyover and had tea. Started around 2:45 from there and started towards ChikBallapur. The road wasnt that great as it was from Hebbal flyover till Airport Flyover.Steadily went in 40-50 and reached the town of ChikBallapur around 330.[We were assisted by Google Maps to reach ChikBallapur, For those who dont have, just go straight on NH7 and after Devenahalli untill you cross 3rd level crossing,you reach ChikBallapur] We struggled which way to go to reach the downhill from there. Different people had different answers and we dont know whom to believe.Worse is more than half of them dont know that such a place exist. Finally we reached the downhill at 4. There we need to register for forest entry and optionally take a guide(200 Rs). From then on its walk walk walk. Initial enthusiasm lasted till 530 am and after that i was like tired. We sat and had snacks we had taken, glucose and continued. Finally reached the peak at 615 am looking for sunrise. But sun was late and didnt come till even 740. We had nice photo sessions and were chatting.Photos to be uploaded soon to my picasaweb. It was a well needed rest i must say and the climate was awesome.Wind was very strong.Completed all that we had bought and were reluctantly started moving down. Moving down was little bit of tough task as the fog had settled in and made the rocks slippery. Yours truly slipped at lot of places and at one place was saved by dinesh who had slipped just before me and was in a position to reach me easily. Then we moved down slowly and finally reached at 915."
"The Invention of Hugo Cabret was one of the most amazing children’s books of the last 10 years. A beautifully illustrated book, told as much through its imagery as its narrative, it is also a book with a love for the early days of film, particularly French filmmakers.

The book won the Caldecott Medal for “Best Illustrated Children’s Book,” but I don’t know which Scorsese will make the movie. Will it be the visual master of “Raging Bull” or the talented hack who made “Shutter Island”?"
"Sriram aka mechsri is quite well known for his scholarly abilities & very much unknown for his inhibited mischievous character.. Knowin dis guy since 1st yr has been really nice.. we r all one close knitted group over der n d kinda fun we have together goin out for movies, budget dinner... not to forget d trips we had,, memorable one to mention was our adventurous trip to Tiruchi in d 2nd yr holidays, then our enjoyment at REC-T .. whoa whoa.. he has so many fans spread around d city, state & in d country (especially gal fans..).. We don't miss his treats every yr after he gets d merit scholarship.. so for d sake of d treat, v all pray for him!! (now don't hit me da)..
last but not d least ppl don't under-estimate dis little guy from his appearance.. he is as explosive like a small atom (in all sense)-- dat explains more about his naivity & innocence for guys n gals who think he is.. I wish him all d best in his endeavours & keepin rockin dude(PS among male peers too).. Long live our f'ship..Cheers!! "
The introductory song 'Guzarish' by Javed Ali and 'guest vocalist’ Sonu Niigaam is soft and romantic. AR Rehman has achieved mastery over composing romantic number and this time also he has kept his promise and has been successful in composing an ear-soothing track. Tamil GHAJINI listeners can identify it is similar to “suttum vizhi”,which was the song of the year 2005. The second track of the flick ‘Kaise Mujhe’ by Benny Dayal as male singer and Shreya Ghoshal as female singer is exceptional. The pair renders a stunning duet. The instrumental version of Kaise Mujhe has soothing and balmy effect. The musical piece has right fusion of two instruments – guitar and flute. This song slowly grows with you after 5-6 hearings, it will touch your hearts. The third track 'Aye Bachchu' by Suzanne comes as a massive shock. It has English words inserted in Hindi sentences but sorry to say the album is not up to the mark and will not make to the chartbuster. This song is really disappointing as it has no thrill and one would never expect such a disaster from music maestro Rehman. This track has lower down the glory of the album.  I think the director has forced rahman to have such a album similar to “yes machi” song in tamil. Next let us see “BEKHA” An unusual song with erratic melody given to mood swings. This is the song where you can admire Aamir not for his eights packs but six different vibrant looks and styles. Rendered by Karthik, the song is catchy in appearance. Rehman has full faith in him and thus bestowed on him the responsibility of singing this soulful song and Karthik has done full justice to it 
Latest high-frequency synonyms on Barron's for GRE: "shiva-thayir sadam-padips-total jolly-major flirt..<list inconclusive>" I envy shiv's devotion to wat he decides to do..be it kadlaying ,studying... He has many trademark quips to his credit including "sheni","I can wait for u all my life(!)"... Keeps humming some tune or the other and takes care no to change it for atleast a month(we've tried to debug this feature but it seems perennial..phew!) If shiva were to be in the periodic table,he'll be after Fe,Co,Ni..well i mean to say hes magnetic..amazing guy u'd want to emulate..
hmm......he has been one of my favorite seniors.......besht one ever.....AM PARTICULARLY JEALOUS OF HIS CHARM AND BEAUTY(but thats secondary)....his heart is wat affects people most.....the valuable advises he gave me.....literally changed my life a lot...really thank u na.....for all the supprt u gave me............he was someone who spoke to me in person.,pointed out my faults and told me how to improve myself and got me a good name.....brimming with confidence and merriness...its just enough to have him by ur side......u will neva feel sad...........he makes any meeting into a damn big hit....excwellent tabalist with magical skill....cummon na....go to classes again and become a maestro....i wasnt ever able to even a single fault with anna.......he is perfect in everything.............and one more thing...........his heart is as beautiful as his face./.........guys go for his heart.,................girls go for both.
"Rang De Basanti" is another interesting song which has a peppy-westernized-punju feel to it. It's sung by Daler Mahendi and the South-Indian singer Chitra (I had been to one of Daler's concerts in Madras and the host of that show was Javed Jaffrey. That's when I knew first-hand about the talents of Javed Jaffrey...he was able to keep the crowd in complete control with his jokes and anecdotes. In that he mentioned that Daler Mahendi should be called Dollar Mahendi - that was when Daler was at his peak). 
Hoi monku or machi...I used to call her like this only...Always i like to fight with her ..for that i dont want reason also....durin second year only she became my friend..i have very little true friends in that she s very important for me.. she used to do stupid things without her knowledge afterwards she ill itself realize...she used to share many things to her mom but she will share everythin to me....her fav dialog" ethuku kadavul eppadi sothikiraru"....she wont leave her friends at any cost...she took part in all my worries nd happiness....
"Pretty cool that Scorsese’s forst “comic book movie” is this wonderful, serious little picture book and not some dreck for Marvel or DC.

Like “Diary of a Wimpy Kid,” this book shows that awesome commercial success can be had outside of the spandex realm of muscle-bulging men having super-fights with each other. And it’s kind of surprising that Disney hasn’t inserted themselves in this deal because it would be an amazing brand for them to get involved in. This is a new classic that kids will be reading for years to come."
"so saing about this female.........
she is cute ....smiles always ..... good english ....
but the only problem is that she walks like a gye .....
i have not seen her angry or sad .... always happy .....
even she gave a vote of thanks in out deparmental function ....
it was good ..........
i dont think she has a boy friend .......
so if u are checking through profiles for a girl friend ...... you are at the rite place ...
have a good time... "
his passion to india's most watched sport has always impressed me.andy shanks!! is a wonderful cricketer,a wonderful person to kno n hang aroun wid.he's always been able to balance his commitment to d sport n his studies n tat makes him stan apart.he's a very adorable guy.was givin me stiff competition on d scrap count but not now!!has a nice sense of humor.can always c him crackin jokes n keepin d atmosphere alive n kickin.shankar anand has it in his name 'anand' n will give it to all he can..
so finally here comes a testimonial fr praison... hmmm.. i know this guy frm past 3 yrs now.. and he s just too good as a friend.. he s always thr fr me and all his frenzz whenever they need him.. a humble and chup rehne waala guy...par ekdam mast hai...best guy i ever met.... loves playing guitar "base" ,drums,keyboard,flute.. loves listening to rock , hard rock.. etc etc.. i cnt frgt these days being wid u ... coz these are the best days.. ryt??? or he s jst mast, chilled out and care free kindaa guy.. ladkiyan toh marti hain ispe..padhai bhi mast karta hai par sara time net or music hi chalta rehta hai in his mind.. neways ol d best fr ur future.. keep in touch.... later bro peace
sundar....wow u will really njoy being with him....i hav not been so close with himiin our school days but in our higher secondary classes we had an excellent time together...he will be sitting right back of me and keep waiting to comment on my words...so i hav to look around to see if he is not there and then comment...:)....he is such a talented guy...and i feel like missing him a lot nowadays...never takes anything serious...mmm then wat else...ma favourite in school....wanna hav happy moments in ur life..make this fellow ur frnd...forget me not in ur life da.....keep rocking always.....:):):):)
"sanjeev"" the name thts often mis-spelled or mispronounced.. a man of elegance, never gets carried away by accolades(though he has had umpteen in his early days) and even never winces in pain.. this ingenius guy can mesmerize any person, with his gracefull talk and amiable nature...ths indefatigable person, does everything with atmost commitment and allegiance..

""friendship""- we've given a new definition for tht.. paradoxical attitudes and unsynchronized thoughts..nevertheless we stand for each other... i thank the almighty for bringing this person into my life... without him, my college life would hv been a nighmare.... to be straight- he is the GODFATHER for me... (an ardent ajith fan too).."
"i will never forget this guy for d disturbance that he used to create..but we all love him for his activities..in our class
my wishes for ur succesful & happiest life forever..i m damn sure abt some things...he can never harm anybody(can only disturb)...he wnts to enjoy his life in every sense and he will...he is a bit lazy but i don't mind..he is too too too frank(the quality every one like abt him)...he is too intelligent but never shows it off...he is one person in our class who will never miss even a day to turn up to coll,but will fair well in exams,a big time fan of ajith and dada(ganguly)i never seen someone being so crazy,all 2gthr a very interesting person to be in company off...every one like toooo disturb him, hit him,tease him but still he takes it in a sportive sense and enjoy's with all,he is a real entertaining factor,a very supportive person...bro u rock u have a very bright future,mr.butt we will always miss u
*************u r very special**************
!!!!!!!!keep smiling!!!!!!!"
A full 8 hr theory day and u're forced to attend.Ur absolutely frustrated.turn around frm ur bench to see what the other side is doing 'Lakshmi' will be there smiling with all the teeth that exist .She's one person who can manage to laugh(exactly the same way - all 32 teeth) no matter how bad the situation is. Come assignments,observations,record,practicals and exams She's be there to help you out.Thank god she's in the same class as me.She's the only person who can teach me two full units in less than two hours the night before the exam.I dont have to touch upon already well known things abt her like she being helpful kind jovial and all that.But you want to crap (absolutely mindless crap i mean) you can keep taking to her.With her around you never feel the lack of a topic to talk about.she'll keep coming up with more and more topics.And Yeah YENGAL THALAIVI .The only person in our dept to have WON an election!she's got a massively wide friends circle and with her around its a laugh RIOT.CHEERS!!
Loosu girl.. Keeps messing her account and creates a new one every few months. One good thing is that i get to write a totally new testi every time (which has been due for 4 months i think) One of my closest friends from college. Knows even my deepest secrets and keeps them to herself which is the quality i like the most in her. Even after starting to live on the opposite sides of the globe it is quite surprising how we maintain close contact. This jantu could be bubbly one moment and get into the darkest possible mood within the blink of an eye. But, off late she has been showing great resistance to those dark moods even in times of stress. Great going anoo keep it up. She tends to be the person I call on when I am down and she tends to lift my spirits every time I chat with her. Dunno wat I will do without this innocent and cute little devil. Keep smiling as always 
"shanks a guy who doesn't fail to astonish people with his cool balance of life.. does ""evrything"" ther is to do in coll & yet maintains a cool rapport about him..! easily judged for a carefree guy,.how wrong can U be.!!! his GK skills ->>infinity. has something to say about evrything!!. uses !lol! at the most inappropriate places while chatting..lol.!!.. very outspoken.,sometimes can be very obnoxious about how he uses his word power...!!(danger..!!his vocab is a double edged sword !!)
His style of speech is somewhere between awesome & too good.(ithu podhum nenaakuraen..)
2 sum up one hell of a pirichivudals/ulitimate guy..!! lol !!!"
"he most accessible friend and saviour ever, is a genuine pal whose heart is much softer than it looks from outside ! He is a person who never was scared to tell an idiot he is one, or to call a loser a loser...Sometimes he is very very strange to understood and other times, he is just the easiest to read...A King of Kalaai...No one can possibly escape if he starts in full form...avalathaan...! On the whole, he has got every kind of hero hidden in him - sometimes a Bruce Lee, sometimes a Romeo, sometimes a Man of Steel, sometimes an emotional idiot, but in every sense, always ADHIRADEE ! ...and watever happens...jst shreds it off with ""I Dont Care""!
A cool buddy to hang out wid..."
i wanted to write this guy a testimonial for A long time...well finally....well to start he s a fine,chamin,friendly and a cool dude.....hey s good badminton n a cricket player...forgot to mention he bowls like mcgrath 2 ...i know him for more than 10 yrs and boy this guy could get along with any kind of person....i have nvr seen this guy quarelling or gettin into trouble with anybody....we ve travelled to many places together n can nvr forget the great time together...cheers man...happy hunting
I am one of the ardent fan of news channels and i always felt that its one of the  revolution of this century. But after seeing the happenings in the media coverage of "MUMBAI MASSACRE",I felt that these news channels are no way better than the politicians and they showed their ugly face many times..I would just quote few incidents here INCIDENT ONE: Lets go back to 26th of november,the day the terrorists started their attacks at the heart of Mumbai.If u had watched the news channels keenly, a man was deeply hurt in his hand and blood was flowing due to a terrorist attack in Oberoi Hotel. At the same time, all news channels were covering this incident..Wat they should have done??...they should have  taken him to the hospital,atleast they should have given some sort of First-Aid...But do u know wat they did.. A Reporter says "HELLO PLEASE COME HERE..PLEASE SHOW ME YOUR HANDS..PLEASE DONT RUN...HOW DID THEY SHOOT YOU??...DID COMMANDOS COME FOR YOUR HELP??.....But that man is under immense pain due to loss of blood,  but around 20 reporters  ask him questions,for whom a "BREAKING NEWS" is more important than a man's hand......Heartless people.....
"so here i go.. writing a testi(for saving myself from the pester???!!!!!! :D).. anyways.. let me do it.. to start with she moves so very well even with strangers that gets her so many friends.. an then builds it all with her silly talks and dumb mokkas.. an acknowledges them too!! but the big prob in being one is she never stops asking for treats.. may be u must ask her how many she says are pending from me.. but all in all she is much more than wat am saying right now.. wonderful memories can only be shared wit a few ppl and she s one i must say.. talking as innocent as a child an doin all stuff behind is not somethin new to her.. an singing is onrthing that she s adept at.. an the best part is that she does wat she wants.. doesnt do something just because a group of friends do it.. good individualistic approach i must say!!! a very interestin character is all that i can say to finsih this off.. keep rocking dear mate.. 
P.S: yabbbbbaaaaaaaa.. inime escape!!!!!!!"
It was Michael Muthu who had suggested Moulin Rouge to Denver. “That night, I took the DVD from him and ten minutes into the movie, I had decided to do it. I messaged Roshni and told her I wanted to do it. Unlike most of the other musicals, the songs here were already popular cult classics songs from Elton John to Police to Lady Marmalade to something like Chamma Chamma and I loved what Baz Luhrmann did with the colour and the costumes but the main thing that attracted me was the music.”
"well here goes a rockin testi for a rock solid my beloved CHINNA THALAIVAR...one of the coolest persons i ve ever come across in recent times...never gets tensed for anytin...extremely frendly...so caring towards ppl jus tat hard to find ppl lik MY VIVEK ANNA...evaru oru DAANA PRABHU wen v met its anna who ll pay the bill...AN EXPERT IN GERMAN...as far as i noe after OUR GOD THALA its vivek anna who s an expert in AERO MODELLING...always wears a SMILE ON HIS FACE...i love his way of dressin n specially his shoes(really looks so dam cool)...anna nd i have deal too ... m gonna own his bike in few months time...loves to eat a lot n one thing ppl anna has a great sense of humour... yaarvenalum yengavenalum ottuvar... semma fun lovin...a GREAT THALA BHAKTHAR...i jus thank god for givin me a brother lik him... B MY BROTHER ALWAYS NA...
KALAKUNGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!"
Is there cricket on in Wellington this week? Anyone reading the Australian papers could easily have missed that fact in amongst the round-the-clock Michael Clarke coverage. Nobody will be happier than Clarke when the attention turns to the action on the field come Friday, when Australia begin the first of two Tests on their tour of New Zealand. It is sad that Test series between the two countries have been cut back, while five ODIs and two Twenty20s graced the schedule. But the reality is that over the past couple of decades, most Trans-Tasman Trophy series have been pretty one-sided, with the exception of the nil-all draw in Australia in 2001-02. It will take something very special from New
Mahesh is one of the most sensible guy i've ever met .. He's a very honest and a simple guy . He's passionate bout certain things lik cricket and always has strong views to express .. Brainy guy :) , very studious but has a poor memory .. does anythin for his frnds .. A very outspoken guy and doesn't think about how others may feel bout his views .. His vocab in english is very good and certainly is all set to go to US and pursue his higher education .. I have to mention that he's a very good fielder and has the safest pair of hands :) ... personally i feel its tough to find a guy lik him anywhere els .. nice havin u as a frnd da ..
"Oh ! I have been holdin up for really long time jus to make it better... ( i hope this comes good !!!). Peddy Dog, a sweet little boy nxt door... to be really honest i ws upset with him initially cos he was simply takin all the lime light... then realised hw stupid i was !!! he jus bowls u down with his frndship... i have never seen a guy as sophisticated as him... a matured looks,a dignified way of talkin, tht thundrous laughs and those chweetttt songs he sings(til date no one knows wht he sings...)the nights we use to sleep together (literally) , the nerve hitting arguements, the winning moments in cricket.... ,mannnn i jus dont have words to describe those lovely lovely time i had with him... his place is jus blessed with so many nice ppl and no suprises y he is the same... if at all i culd cum across a wishing well i wish this guys jus keeps smilinnnnn... 
takin life as it comes is his best mantra to happiness... jus down leave me buddy u r jus SPECIAL !!!"
"I remember Edal as a sweet n calm like acting gal..Very gud at heart 'nd seriously d sweetest thingi on earth!
Although we've not been in touch for years we became close in no time..
romba calm type. Evaloda face actress 'Anuya' vuku doopu pota madiri irukum..evala pathi solrathuku kandipa oru testi pathathu.
hmm she believes everyone.bcoz of dat one stupid tried to fool her..
later oly she realised..ithula irunthu ena theriyuthu ena mathri pudhisali ah irukanum..
seri vidu sila unmaigal kasaka thaan seyum..hmm she hates studies jus like me.but last minute la padichiduva kedi ponu..
n one more thng she is very very talkative.nvr closes her mouth..am better thn her..hmm i donno wat else to tell coz i cant find wrds to describe her.
I am very happy and lucky to have Edal as my BEST FRIEND!!! ..
hmm i pray to god dat our fndship shud last forever.be my frnd always.wish u all success.
with lottss of love.
Felix...
***keep rocking my dear Muniyamma***"
Few years ago, an ex-manager of mine who happened to be a vegetarian had a customary dinner with one of his prestigious client. The client, being a very famous hotelier had taken personal interest in selecting the menu at one of his restaurants. My manager, who clearly didn’t expect the kind of hospitality was very embarassed to say that he was a vegetarian and proceeded with the dinner, without having a clue of what he ate. After the dinner, out of the ear shot of his client, he asked about the menu to one of the waiters. The waiter, who was beaming with pride on serving such a tasteful menu told him that the main item was an aligator. He had further told him that what my manager ate was the tail of the aligator, which was supposedly the ‘tastiest’ part of that animal. I am not sure if that bit of info pleased him or not, but he did realise that overnight he had come a long way from being a ‘pure vegetarian’.
"Well I don't know where to start wid.I know her from her young age.In fact we were neighbours some time b4.I would always like to spend time wid her.When we got tranferred i missed her a lot.I didn't care abt tat b'cos when I come to tis Metro city I stay in her house or at leat visit her house.I like tat smile of hers(SECRET WEAPON).She owes me several things.Not only me everyone likes to be wid her.Don't get carried away by the written matter above bcos I'm her brother.Cousin of course but we never have such discretions.Everyone is free wid other.Good thing tat she has got a good job but it is nothing for her.HATS OFF!!! to her hardwork.Ennaku en yakkava pidikathu,ava sirippu pidikave pidikathu,yen avalaye pidikathu ana ithallam unmayonu ennaku bayama irukku.(Tis )line is especially for her b'cos she is a hard core MADDY Fan (MADDY(comedy character) he he he)
signin off ur luvin brother Pokiri,surukama Azhagiya thamizhmagan..."
There's some simmering resentment still there for Norton, though.  When he talks about the character, there is a visible love for the full history of Hulk and Marvel Comics that isn't just an actor selling a film.  He's a genuine fan, and he has ambitions still regarding the character and what he could do with it.  But if Marvel really wants to win Norton back as a public cheerleader for the company and the character, the first step would be allowing him to restore the full 2-hour-20-minute version that Norton and Leterrier wanted to release.  If they put that movie out on BluRay and DVD, I think Norton would get much more likely to sign on.  His frustration over the way running time became a battleground on his film the same year that "The Dark Knight" became a phenomenon makes perfect sense, and I think it would be great to see all the other Marvel references (like the entire Super Soldier project subplot) layered back in.
"""bodhai""-(I shall not dwell into the details of how this name came about, right now) is a very down to earth guy...very intersting person to talk to...that is if u can understand him and if he is able to hear u properly ;-).good cricketer and a good friend...sometimes mokkai but has a good sense of humour otherwise...is a great fan of tamil film comedy(like me),goundamani especially.on the whole; a jovial,happy-go-lucky and cheerful guy(er..i forgot the other things he told me to write ;))....three cheers for our friendship machi!

p.s.-it was during our class tour, one night he came to to one of our rooms in the middle of the night and started balbbering something like a drug addict...hence the name ""bodhai"""
"Hi guys,

Long since I signed into wordpress.. Anyways I’m not goin to take much time now..

Yesterday I watched Poi solla porom movie.. Basically I’m not a movie buff, but part of project party I went to this movie. You must have heard about the story line of the movie through papers and friends.

 

While watching the movie I felt “Yes. It is good. Can be watched once”.. But, once I came out of the show and lookin back at crap movies and how directors unable to give stories spice up other things, this movie appeared to be brilliant. Kudos to the director, cause he shaped the story very very beautifully and had enough twist in the simplest of atmospheres. Really good movie..Worth spending some amount .. cause it does it’s prime job just entertain .. and doesnot  leave you in a frenzied state..

Meet you all later..

Tc and enjoy life guys.."
"I’m not good at writing, but I have written some poems and a few liked it too: O
9. I always had this illusion – Whenever I see a strange thing/person at a place, the same picture had been framed in my mind sometime before that incident took place.. Once I told my mom about this and asked whether i'm seeing future and the next day she took me to a doc :(
10. Though Being an Indian, I never wanted to see a hindi movie. The only hindi movies that I have ever seen is sholay, Lagaan, RDB and Taare zameen par.
11. I love my college (UG) and the 3 favorite places - Sports complex, Hostel and the Bus Stop.
12.  John Keats said “Thing of beauty is a joy forever” and its 200% true.
13.  My parents always said I shud become an engineer and I used to assume one who drives a train engine is called so and still I want to drive one."
"about me: hi everybody... this is bhuvanesh..
i dont trust or start liking ppl so easily. it ll take time. but once i start likin ill do nything for them.. till now God has given me everythin i needed at the right time.. except onething..the only thing for which i feel from my young age til now.. may be i was unlucky.. but i ve got so many wonderful caring friends around me who make me forget all my sorrows.. i m lucky in tat aspect..i love each and everyone of them.. i always believe tat only a friend can say bout a person better than himself...so become my frnd and know bout me more. "
"ups n downs wid him but still evry tym we patched up n resolve things out.......he is among few of dose rare true friends dat i ve cum across so far........he is a fun lovin,sweet,kind,and a very my types(so we gel so wel....nice rhyme).....i jus hope dat we continue to be such gr8 pals forevr.......ram rakhe .......well 1 piece of advise-
""always listen to ur heart first rather den what circumstances force u to,dis will always help u to take the right decision n will not hurt anyone as 1ce u dint followed to dis thing n sum1 else got hurt"".......may life shower upon u double da happynes ,good times n of course success dat u wish for....thanx for being dere for me all da tym
"
Its been a long time so here it goes... nithin was one of my best frnds right from my school days and one of the few good guys who r really polite an kind.All the best 4 ur future mr.x.... an i will always miss the wonderful days we had together in our school days man........
"he is one of my best friends. a very cool attitude. a pure cine buff....(just like me). u would love to be in his company as he is very friendly and jovial. both of us share the same name and also our likes and tastes. he is a die hard fan of DADA and AJIT KUMAR. has got real practical brain and i will not be surprised if he starts a business of his own in another few years. overall one of the few friends of mine who will travel with me till the last stop in the journey of life.
Harish RPending approval
tis dude is really cool...our heart beats 4 2 thins...1 kamal 2 mechanical fundas... damn cool guy with a pleasing smile chargin his pals wit enough energy.. never have i seen him with raised eye brows...very friendly and fun lovin guy... this guy gets hotter wit his pulsar... wat ver i say may be abstract and seem 2 be exaggerated but get introduced to him and u ll tell these 4 urself...and he s also a damn good designer...(not a fashion designer
)a mechanical desn...,
hav fun wit my dear dude... all the best 4 ur future endeavors..."
"It was raining in Chennai in the evening. The weather was delightful and people were having a great time. They were like the Hezbollah on hearing the words ‘Cease-fire’.

The crisis in the Middle East. Following calls from India and the UN, Israel has agreed to a cease-fire for two days.
What? You look surprised……….Yeah, was just pulling your leg. The Israelis don’t give a damn about the UN or India. They have just run out of missiles I think.

You know what’s the problem for the starving refugees in Beirut right now?
They can only have Juice for breakfast, lunch, dinner and have Jews for company."
heY tHIs GaL S a SwEEt cARinG fRIenD oF mINe. How V bEcAMe fRIenDs iS rEAlly a coMEdy. wE trIEd to sOLve fIGht bETwEEn tWO pEOple and wE beCAme rEAlly clOSe.sHe iS a pERsOn whO cARes moRE aBOut hEr fRIends thAN aNYtHIng in THis wORld. iF sHe cARes For A peRSon tHEN she wiLL do aNYThiNg for thEM . sHE alwAYs cARes a lOT for mE wHIch i dONt do thAT oFTen.sHE is an eMOTional peRSon bUT loVES to bE hAPPy aND maKE oTHErs hAPPy
"The first REAL testimonial I write for any person i sthis for my very True gud not to say just gud my Best friend.

This guy Is a real Awe as for as character is concerned Very simple down to earth guy.
Very modest, very stylish, A real GEM Of A guy

Dude thanks for your gr8 friendship. Hope you Become the best in your profession. And always keep smilin in lyf :) "
"This Girl has been my school class mate n also my college class mate..
She is Very gud girl,
She is one of the most famous persons of our Department..
She is very understanding.. She can be called as one of the Organiser of our class Girls..
She is very caring..
She has been a very gud frnd of mine..
She has shared my bitter moments,
she is now playing a vital role in shaping me, She has given thousands n thousands of Advices.
Nowadays she has been searching a gud match for me.. "
Achu...the epitome of hard work..A person who is extremely sincere in all his efforts,a nocturnal bird who has almost conquered sleep!( almost cos he is lazy enough to sleep for 2 hrs in a day).a good basketball player and an avid follower of the game.Works brilliantly in a group...Some one I instinctively approach for any sort of help..Its a fast world..when people conveniently give lack of time as an excuse for most things,Achu has been my pillar of strength ..being by my side through my most difficult of times.. I am stopping short of saying a "Thank You" cos Achu will be the last person on earth who would have done these for me expecting something in return..Only a handful like him can ever exist in this world and GOD has been kind enough to let me know more about such an amazing person..He is very clear in his thoughts and where he wants to be in life.. and I hope ALMIGHTY gives me a chance to repay whatever he has done to me, by being with him during his times of need, as he scales greater heights..:)
"Well.. whats new? Few months into b'lore and am already having more fun than I thought I
would. Couple of road trips to Mysore, one to Nandi Hills, one to Chennai and a couple of mountain drives in the near future. What more could I ask for ?

Also learnt poker - now, I am looking for a Casino Royale DVD :p - didn't understand anything when I first watched the movie.(Ill)Luck is always with me and my bets are always bad, but atleast, I understand the game now."
"Maddy is an ideal friend. He is a kind of a person which makes him comfortable with any person. Probably i like him a lot because he reminds me of myself when i was in school. He is very sincere,work-oriented,dedicated..... I still wonder if he will change like the way i did?? He can be tentative at times But thats jus quasi state.... We have had like a thousand and more discussions on philosophy,life etc. It is always fun to talk to him. He is very good listener submissive but not too passive to the extent of being boring. 
he is very positive, driven and looks to improve constantly. But wen you find him in a group on a happy occasion you can see a different person in him. He is all out going and talkative. He should hav been my project mate!! After all the talk that started atleast eight months before :( However i always gets to be his friend. :)

Show me your friend i will tell about you na... i will probably pick him !!"
"She thinks she is intelligent enuf that she cudnt be cheated, but it isnt
Playing with this gal has been the favorite time pass for me, Kumar, Nazar, Babin ,Pravin n Alan(The best in business)
She just believes watever v say. even things like ""Alan is intelligent"" trust me she believed it..
I always hope that she wud shine in her life n set herself as a role model to others..
I wish her to liv the happy life as everyone wants.
I also hope that she gives treat to me n Alan althru the Life.
Never mind the Darkness ahead U can still find a way... "
I have known Ramya for the past 4 yrs and she's one of my very good friends at SSN...to describe her, she is Ms. Cool, Ms. Confident and Ms. Theramai of EEE B. Has a great spirit...She always tries to give her best in whatever she tries, ends up with great mokkais most of the times... Often a target of bantering in our class...but she never has bothered about these and endures everything with a silly smile...Few could match her dress sense...pink, red, orange being some of her favourite colors...you could easily point her out in any crowd for she stands out with her color sense...Has this habit of using words like altruism, philanthropist, etc. often in slam books and testimonials and only god knows if she knows the meaning of these words...I have enjoyed her company in all vetti and crazy activities we've done viz tours, IVs, symposiums, so called 'operations' and will always cherish those moments...All the very best in whatever u do...
"We call him Israelu. This wonderful man has changed, is changing and will change the course of my life. Not only mine but also the life of few others.(Friend, philosopher and guide) But, its so sad to see his taking a roller coaster ride. (Eppadi irundha naa , ippadi ayitten). He is an energy bundle and his capability to channelize it makes him great. Never gets disappointed due to failures and he can keep doing the phoenix trick over n over again....
His ability to socialize, move around with people and tackle situations is really mind blowing. He just manipulates situations and can turn things upside down. OH man!!!! this ability increases when girls are around.(LOL :-)) For his mentality and attitude he should have become a lawyer or a diplomat. Thank god, such a thing never happ... or else we could have never met. A nice person to let out your feelings and secret... Somethings are bound to happen which is not under your control for which u shouldn't worry. SO just live the moment.. "
"Class 12 is a pivotal point in any student's life.It is the stage where one has to prove himself so that he has a good future in his hands.If he fails there ,then he may have to work hard in his college days so that he can live his better part of life happily.And it was no different for me.
I had secured 85% in my class 10 examinations at the CBSE level and my mother had asked me to take biology group so that i can appear for both medical and engineering entrance examinations.At this point i would like to confess that until 12 Th standard i didn't know what is the difference between an engineering and Arts college.I thought Madras Christian college was a good college and more over an engineering college at the end of my 11 th standard and i was praying i should get a seat there. Since i was living in town there were no great coaching centers like iipe and aspire in our area and the only center known around Tambaram was Arul institute and i enrolled there in 11th itself because a rumour was spreading that they won't take in much students 12th and only those who had enrolled in 11th will get a seat there.
The class 11 was happily passing by and i was just beginning to know every problem by heart in my maths book so that even though i dunno the formula i would solve the problem easily because that was my strength of memory those times. I cleared class 11 with a percentage of 90 and was looking forward to 12th and the tuition in arul institute had begun in late may itself and i along with three friends Bharath,Prasanna and Aravind would go together for the tuition.
"
"sanjeev a.k.a sanjay!One helluva guy!the LORD of all trades.Cricket(state
player),studies(major padips!),leadership,match making ,poetry,movies(ardent rajini
fan),music and wht not.u just name it!
I know him for like 4 yrs and its been awesome fun!We think on the same lines
n tht has made it even better!
By far one the most sensible ppl i've met(sensible in every sense), mature,
level-headed,helpful,fun-loving,trustworthy and damn reliable! If u are down in the dumps,
run to him,he'll make sure u come outta any damn problem(lotsa ppl can justify this
statement-yours truly included).n if u r bored, sanjay can provide u some super
entertainment.he can talk for ages non stop.n has an amazing sense of humour
n this has left many ladies gasping!
Off late hez become one 'love' pundit.ore the love advices,tips and poems.probably
because of his love towards the numbers ""1"" and ""2""
sanj will forever be one of my best pals!!
he rocks bigtime!!
PS- he loves wearin orange kurtas!"
"It's been an awesome ride the past 8 years, purely because Shankar has been riding wingman with me through out. The similarities between us are enough to fit in a book sized similar to the Advanced Oxford English Dictionary and i guess that is what has made us such good friends. We live two minutes away from each other, were back benchers throughout our school days, and now study in colleges 4 hours apart. (the last point may seem out of place, but considering the fact that we both are 48 hours from home it makes sense. )
Non stop nonsense this guy can churn out at a moments notice. Has the ability to rip anyone's self respect to threads. I have been on the receiving end more than once and I'M known for my ability to dish it out. Listing out memories and times we've spent together will fill out like a 100 1024 character spaces, so i shall refrain.
Anyway cheers to you dude. Hope you do manage to set all your convoluted plans in motion and someday manage to get somewhere in life "
"m an extremely jovial person and like to go out wid my frnds...like trekking n wud once again like to go on a long trekking camp in d North...like travelling to various places a lot n m ever ready to go out for a vacation...even if im free 4 just 2 days i wud b immediately ready to go out n have fun..
u can say a total moody person...
a total foodie guy n know which place is famous for which food item to quite some extent...
And LIFE IS GR8!!!
Live it to d fullest!!!"
For a while now, I've been relying on audio files for use as meditation timers. These files essentially consist of a recorded bell in the beginning, followed by a duration of silence, and another bell at the end. There are many of these available on the web, and are not bad. The problem is that you're limited to the duration of the files available, i.e., if you want to meditate for 45 minutes, then you need a 45-minute long audio file.Mildly frustrated by this, I spent some time this morning writing an on-line meditation timer. Simply set the duration, and click Start. You should hear a bell when the timer begins and ends.Here it is: Online Meditation Timer.Using Google App Engine and JQuery, it took me about 45 minutes to build this. That includes the time it took to prettify the site and type in this blog post. Gotta love simple, well-designed application frameworks! JavaScript turns out to be a great language for toying with graphics and visualization. This morning, I spent a few hours learning about the Mandelbrot set and trying to code up a working implementation. The link below is one of the fruits of my labor:Mandelbrot Set GeneratorMathematically, the Mandelbrot set is the set of points in the complex plane generated by iterating through the formula z = z^2 + c. For different initial values of c, the iteration can either produce a bounded sequence, or tend to infinity. Plotting the graph is a matter of placing a black dot for the values that generate a bounded sequenc
Look for Jeremy Dean's rolling artwork, Back to the Futurama, in New York's Central Park next weekend. Pulled by two white horses, it will be hard to miss this statement about corporate greed, consumerism, sustainability, and human pride. Look for more pictures on Flickr . And at the blog: Back to the Futurama . If you are in the area, check out the details . Run Dates: March 4th – March 7th 2010 VIP Reception: Thursday, March 4th, 9am-noon. Location: Pulse New York art fair Booth #C4 Daily: Thursday- Sunday 12-8pm Directions: 330 West Street @ West Houston New York, NY 10014 The buzz about Brooklyn-based Jeremy Dean's art project "Back to the Futurama" has now gone viral, with coverage in a wide range of online media. As regular readers will recall, Jeremy is converting a GMC Hummer H2 into a horse-drawn carriage to create a symbol of America's perilously unsustainable lifestyle. Jeremy has bet the farm on this project, so to speak, and exposure of the project will be vital to its chances of success. A big boost came two weeks ago when influential car expert and automotive journalist John Voelcker wrote about Jeremy's project under a headline that is itself an alliterative classic: " Hummer-Hating Artist Hacks H2 Into Horse Cart, Cites Hoover ." This article has already racked up 16,000 views and 285 diggs. The story spread like exhaust fumes through the automotive blogosphere and there are now over 100,000 Google hits for Hummer Hating Artist Jeremy Dean. The video that Jeremy made of the first cut into the Hummer has been viewed over 16,000 times on YouTube ( http://tr.im/humvid ) and more in Vimeo ( http://vimeo.com/8962281 ). Not to be outdone, the equine community has picked up the story, appearing here in&nbsp; Horse Journal . Maybe some cart horse experts can help Jeremy match power source to completed carriage. Of course, this story was destined for mainstream press coverage from the start. We now see the project making its way into the Huffington Post and it may be on Current TV soon (it's on their web site's Upcoming section ). When us social media mavens talk about something "going viral" there really has to be a global element. The story has to be covered far and wide. Well here it is on a forum in Russia . And getting from the East Coast to New Zealand probably counts. The story was covered there in the equine press . What is really interesting, from an art perspective, is the lack of coverage [so far] in the art press. When assessing the work of Jeremy Dean, the art world would be wise to take a tip from the film world. Conventional wisdom said Jeremy could not, as a first time film maker, make a documentary about race, not one that could be nominated for an NAACP Image Award. Dare Not Walk Alone did not win that award, but it did get a theatrical release, positive reviews in national press, a spot in Walmart's catalog and, on Tuesday night, there was an Oscar-winning actor in the front row for the screening at the Skirball Community Center in L.A. Immediately after the screening the actor walked up to Jeremy, shook his hand, and said: "Great Film!" Footnote: Jeremy's art has been mentioned on the influential art blog EAGEAGEAG but I confess it was me that did the mentioning. (Who am I to talk about art? Well not that it really matters, but I do have a minor in Fine Art from the University of Leeds. I started a Master's degree thesis on Hegel's Aethestics at McMaster University and a doctoral thesis on William Blake's Notes on Laocoön . However, don't take my word for any of this "what is art?" stuff, check out the New York gallery show in March and decide for yourself.) Jeremy Dean has started to blog his wild " Back to the Futurama " art project. This should be fun. Talk about life hacking and culture-hacking. This one is a real mind bender. A horse up front, an audio-video-enabled riding experience in back. BTW, if you're a business that has the skills and equipment to convert a Hummer H2 or Cadillac Escalade into something like the model on the left, and if you want a ton of free publicity, let Jeremy know. This thing is going to happen, and the result will make the news. There is a Contact link on Jeremy's home page . Update: February 1 -- Slick's Garage of Florida stepped up to the plate. Thanks guys! You Rock! I loved my father dearly but there was one question guaranteed to get us arguing: What is art? One of the great blessings of my life is that my father and I arrived at an understanding on that question before he died; not exactly an agreement, but an understanding. It went something like this: Art is not art unless there is some skill involved. For my father, that definition excluded a lot of "modern art" unless I could show him where the artist's skill came into play. Some 35 years have flown by since then, but I think he would agree with me that the latest works by my friend and colleague Jeremy Dean qualify as art. That's because Jeremy is creating art that cannot be realized without skill as well as perception, objects that have the power to make people ask questions and question assumptions, even as they impress with their physical accomplishment. I'm talking about the Hummer-Escalade-Hoovercart, the object at the heart of the Back to the Futurama project. (There are more pictures here .) I actually wrote a piece about this on my " On the Road " blog because it relates to cars and travel and life's journey. Starting next month, Jeremy is going to take a GMC Hummer or Cadillac Escalade and turn it into a horse drawn vehicle (the image above is just one of many models Jeremy has made to visualize the concept). Making cars into carts is what people did back in The Great Depression and in the States they called them Hoovercarts as a play on Hoovercrats, a term coined for supporters of Herbert Hoover, the president who presided over the worst of the Depression. In Canada they were called Bennett Buggies, after the prime minister at the time. They arose from a surplus of cars relative to a shortage of affordable fuel. Folks fould that one horse or mule could pull a Model T Ford quite easily if you took out the engine. And there was grass and hay to be had even when money for gasoline dried up. This project is going to take a lot of energy and expertise. Over the more than five years I have known him, Jeremy has proved to be an endless source of energy (the making and distributing of Dare Not Walk Alone being the most obvious proof). But now he could use some help on the expertise side. Not that Jeremy is a stranger to hands-on-artisan work. I have seen numerous examples of his home remodelling and he is a skilled craftsman, a practical maker of things built to last. So, if you know of someone who has the skills to chop a car, hitch a horse, or fit out the inside of a vehicle with kick-ass sounds and video systems, why not use the Contact link on Jeremy's home page and let him know. You can also pledge your support of the project (that page features a great video about the project as well as cool gifts you can get in return for your pledge). When March rolls around Jeremy will ride this creation into a major art event in New York. I'm pretty sure the TV news cameras will be rolling when this happening happens. How many people will "get" what this creation says about the world today, cultural values, lifestyle choices, sustainability and human frailty? I don't know. But this engineered weirdness will get a lot of people thinking. And that's art. . Wow! I did not realize it was THAT long since I had posted here. I blame the day job, which is often the evening job and weekend job as well. Fortunately that job is going well and I am racking up kudos for my blog posts on marketing. I am also getting quite adept at the social media thing. (Here's a link to a personal post where I rounded up 19 things you should do if you want to promote your company, band, film, book, profile). A lot of people are somewhat familiar with some of the social media basics, but it is how you employ them all in concert that makes social networking work, from Twitter to Facebook and LinkedIn , to your blog , your pics, your videos, your tr.ims, your stats and your Google Analytics (which reminds me, I need to add these last few to the list, maybe: Hey 19, Part 2, the Remix). What has this got to do with art? Everything. There may be some artists who seek obscurity (like the Buddhist monks in Shangri-La that were on PBS last night). But most art is intended to be experienced. And that seldom happens without a push from somewhere. Consider Jeremy Dean , the Brooklyn-based artist who created the indie doc Dare Not Walk Alone (that I had the honor of producing). He has been cooking up some cool conceptual art for several years now, but it was connecting with a gallery that gave his private art a push in the public direction. Jeremy will be showing at big art events in December and March and already has some cool art video online . Speaking of that aspect of pushing art forward which is often referred to as "publication" and/or "distribution," we are seeing the "and/or" converge taking place right now in technology like Amazon's Kindle. You can now read Kindle books on your iPhone and PC as well as on the actual Kindle device . Which brings me to the book I wanted to review here: World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War . This is a novel by the first "new" author I have read entirely on the iPhone. The book came out in print a few years ago and sold well. It is currently around #300 on Amazon. But the book is in several top 10 lists on Kindle, which is how I came to see it while using Kindle on my iPhone. I was intrigued enough by the reviews to download the free preview and on reading that I figured I would like the book, so I paid for the full Kindle version. There were three things that I enjoyed about World War Z . First and foremost I admired the extent to which author, Max Brooks, had thought through all the implications of zombieism (sp?). Then he extrapolated a new reality from a defined set of data: zombies eat flesh, zombies can only be killed by destroying the brain, zombies can survive under water, zombieism spreads through biting and the dead re-animate after infection, and so on. The book explores the logical and logistical end game. By doing so it reveals worrying weaknesses in current technology, science, cultures, and religions. (Hint, this is a global catastrophe of 2012 proportions.) Second, the narrative structure created by the interview excerpt device was refreshing and very effective. You learn very little about zombies or the war through direct description. You get most of it by inference. And you get a lot of rich characters too, which keeps things fresh. Brooks is skilfull at giving each a unique voice and strong presence, using little more than their recorded words. He also manages some great humor of the dark, battlefield kind. Third, I found this to be a fascinating book to read against the backdrop of the global H1N1 Swine Flu pandemic. Indeed, I think that may be part of the reason for the book's success, the series of epidemics the world has been seeing, coming from far distant places right into our everyday lives and forcing us to think hard about a lot of things we would rather keep to the back of our minds. I am not a big fan of horror stories, particularly ones that dabble in the supernatural. The genius of World War Z is that Brooks makes fighting zombies seem very real and anything but a figment of the imagination. Consider this: In talking about the book over dinner one night I found myself saying "If this zombie thing ever happened for real, it would be really bad." Talk about willing suspension of disbelief. The common element in stuff I've been reading and watching lately is this: It could really bring you down. We're talking about the suffering and death of millions of people here. So you've been warned. On the other hand, these are stimulating works, they might make you think a lot, and then you might have some new thoughts about how things could be made better. Then you could act on those thoughts and the world would become a better place. I guess we'll see. First up is the movie Body of Lies . Great photography and editing. Great casting and acting. And a gripping story without a cheesy ending. To me this film was drenched in authenticity. AFAIK, what you see in this film is very close to how things really are in the field of espionage, as in "espionage in the field" and the people who run it, both locally and remotely. As Far As I Know, there is this huge gap between remote agent and central office--the controller cheering his kid's suburban soccer game or taking his son to the bathroom, while calling in the kill--which suddenly collapses with a plane flight into the field. Then it zooms back into the clinical and chilling detachment of eye-in-the-sky operational monitoring and direction (with echoes of Patriot Games and The Bourne Supremacy but with great real world moral ambivalence). We are left in no doubt that local assets, people we turn when we pursue humint, are considered expendable, and there's a school of thought that says this is the way it must be. You rarely see that portrayed as bluntly as it is in Body of Lies. Second up is the novel, Timebomb , which echoes that same theme of the expendable asset, with deeper historical context as to how it arose. The action here is in Europe, from the UK to the eastern Soviet bloc, but present day, so we have disaffected Russians, Jewish mobsters, and Middle Eastern terrorists. Again the operational authenticity is there, but layered into the basic spy v. terrorist story you find the horrific story of a Polish death camp. And this "second" story is not pasted on, it is integral to the picture that Seymour paints of hate and fear breeding more of the same. The author of this thick but very readable thriller is Gerald Seymour, a former ITN television news reporter, back when that title meant you got a lot of experience reporting in the field (he covered the Munich Olympics massacre and the Great Train Robbery, and spent time reporting from Vietnam and Northern Ireland). Relatively unknown in the States, judged by a dearth of Seymour titles on the shelves of two different Barnes &amp; Nobles I have visited in the last three months, Seymour is a consistent best-seller in the UK and has penned a string of excellent novels. For me, his The Walking Dead A Thriller is the definitive novel about suicide bombing. One of my guilty pleasures on a trip to the UK is stocking up Gerald Seymour novels (not sure why I said "guilty" because "stupid" is more apt--I have to drag the things home on the plane and you can actually order online in the U.S.). On a literary note, these books rise above the "thriller" tag for me, much like LeCarré's work. Seymour's style is faster-paced but the depth is there. His trademark technique is weaving multiple points-of-view. There are no "main" characters but rather a half dozen or more people that we follow throughout the book. The fun part is deciding who's POV you're getting at the start of a new section. A rare case of entertainment tastefully blended with substance. . The last review is 1491 and there's an inverse relationship between the amount of truly fascinating content in this book and the brevity of its title. (Okay, so the full title is 1491: New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus but what I'm saying is, this book is stuffed with good stuff.) This such a good book I am now reading it for the second time. I don't read many books twice, so this is quite the accolade (others so honored in my post-college life include Gibson's Neuromancer and Count Zero , and Doctor Wooreddy's Prescription for Enduring the Ending of the World , the latter having more than enough ironic content to warrant the long title). What I'm doing with 1491 right now is dipping into several different sections at once. It is a testament to author Charles C. Mann' s superb writing that one can do this. I can flip from the amazing city of Cahokia on the Mississippi to the dozens of feuding Mayan city states. I can read about the vast earthworks of the Beni and the sophisticated aquaculture of the Amazon, then travel via Norte Chico, a Peruvian civilization older than Egypt, to the indigenous forest-scaping of the North Eastern U.S. And all the while I can follow the plot, which is basically this: America was a heavily populated and highly civilized land before contact with the Europeans. That many millions of people died as a result of European arrival in the Americas, either killed in conflict or killed as a consequence of contact, is now clear. This truth had been slowly emerging in scientific papers and publications for decades, but Mann has pulled all of the data together and the effect is almost overwhelming. I had long suspected that the sophistication and scale of indigenous culture and civilization was being ignored or suppressed. With a minimum of moralizing and finger-pointing Mann documents the whole sorry story. He leaves others to state the obvious conclusion: Americans of European origin stole this land and we did our best to destroy the civilizations that once thrived here. It took less than 500 years to erase tens of thousands of years of human history, hundreds of languages, scores of magnificent cities, dozens of libraries, and millions of people. I believe that many of the consequences of this history have yet to be played out. After all, the consequences of ancient conquest in the Middle East are still shaping events today, and our post-imperial ahistorical ineptness in dealing with them is still causing problems, some of which can be seen in a film like Body of Lies or a book like Timebomb. Watch and read, just try not to get too depressed about it. (Note: In the interests of full disclosure, all the above links are to Amazon through my Associates account. That doesn't add anything to the price but it means that this blog gets a small kickback from Amazon when you buy from these links.) Since Roger Moore over at the Orlando Sentinel mentioned the NAACP Image Awards being on BET, I thought I would point out they are on Fox TV, 8pm Thursday, Feb 12 ( check the schedule here ). And for those who are late joining the party, Dare Not Walk Alone is up for an award: Outstanding Documentary. The competition is stiff: CNN, ESPN, HBO, and an Oscar-nominated indie film, Trouble the Waters . We are hoping that the nomination of DNWA will raise awareness of the film, whether it wins or not. Just found this great list: My Favorite Things: Underrated Female Soul Singers . Complete with links to check them out. Very handy. Much appreciated Vivrant . Am now adding this to my "Things to do on the net when I have a few spare moments and some decent bandwidth." Update: Already bought Pleasureville by Lizz Fields. Excellent listening. Good songs, creatively arranged, delivered with way more soul than most highly paid performers can seem to muster these days. Some of the arrangements are unexpected, but in good way. Now have "Daddy's Cadillace" and "The Road to Pleasureville" on my drive time CD. 
Today is Valentine's Day. There are many customs for Valentine's Day in the world, of course, Japan has an original custom. It is very very sweet.In Japan, woman tells man her affection with chocolate at Valentine's Day. So Japanese women buy expensive chocolate at celebrated shop, or make original chocolate by themselves at home before Valentine's Day. Therefore, every dental clinic is full of good-looking guys after  Valentine's day in Japan.And there is an another strange custom about Valentine's Day. It is "GIRI CHOCO" system."GIRI" means duty or obligation, but I can't explain the essence. "GIRI" is one of Japanese original concept."GIRI CHOCO" system is that women give chocolate to men who are mere friends, co-workers or classmates. This system helps many many lonely men. Of course, I will be also helped this system in this year...Is there a woman who gives me chocolate, not "GIRI"?
It's been a bit rough lately. With the economy in the tank and people not wanting to spend any money, I've had great hope that some places were continuing to move forward with their urban rail plans. But the opponents fight harder than ever because they see the threat or people don't plan things enough to go forward with any confidence. Just today, the list of articles that show how hard we have to keep working was a bit much for me to handle. Houston - The Mayor questions whether there is money to pay for two lines of the new five line light rail expansion in the city. Austin - The Mayor decides its not time to have a bond election to pay for a future urban rail line. Scotland - The company building Edinburgh's tram wants to delay 30 months after the rough ride they have already had. Tampa - Ballot issue for rail dead for now due to lack of decision in how much of the funding would go to the rail project. Bellevue : The city council is a bunch of morons there and don't want to run the line through a dense employment center. There is a ray of hope out there. The Mayor of Los Angeles made me feel a bit better recently when he decided that he was going to ask to get things done faster. Ask for a loan so you can save billions in construction costs and have something built for your money faster. I would like to think that is how we work in the United States. But sometimes reading all the news I do just gets so depressing. At least someone has suggested a way forward . Whether we follow it or not is up to us. Wire Feed Every year I feel like I harp on this because I think that outside of these people with fancy gowns, there are a lot of folks including press that could get there via the subway. The first year I noticed this was the year that Al Gore won for An Inconvenient Truth. It's somewhat unfortunate that people aren't hopping on to make a statement. They might even get to the show faster. February 27 2007 - An Inconvenient Truth February 22 2009 - Oscars Lame Again Wire Feed Opening up cities to new media . ~~~ Where there's a bad freeway, Norquist is trying to tear it down . ~~~ The tension between growth and saving industrial land is at the leading edge in Oakland . ~~~ Why the Lagos bashing asks Next? ~~~ Wire Feed In an attempt to go a little deeper into the previous post I went looking for more pictures of Rotterdam and Houston and found even better comparisons and interesting views than the photos I posted before. It should also be said that I don't mean to discount the devastation of war to people and property. There is a difference between choosing to build parking lots and having your life and possessions destroyed. First Rotterdam: This from scientific psychic: And this from the special collections of the Wageningen Library: Next Houston: Clearance of housing to build US59 via TexasFreeway.com , an amazing resource if you want to see how freeways were built in Texas. Also via TexasFreeway.com, a view of Houston from the same angle as the previous post's shot: This is from Aerial viewpoint . A historic shot from 1945 compared with today. Notice the freeway intrusion. Also notice the downtown getting taller. Finally, where Union Station used to be is where highway 59 rockets through on the east side of downtown and Minute Maid park now exists with a token train filled with oranges. Wire Feed More! That's the scream of merchants and others who believe that a downtown without an endless sea of parking is not worth going to. But once the whole downtown turns into a parking lot it's not really worth much anymore is it? Yet we still see the discussion of parking dominate without an eye for the destruction that it can cause a downtown if left unfettered. Before Portland's miraculous return as an urban Mecca, it too was once infested by parking. So was the city of Houston, where parking lots took over most of the downtown at one point. Via Mike Lydon &amp; Transit Miami (Via the book City Shaped) Perhaps you can say how different this is from Rotterdam after German bombing... It's unfortunate that we didn't see what we were doing to our wonderful cities in the name of cars first. Europe had war, yet we dismantled our cities in a similar way in the name of progress. So much parking though, what has that done to the city's value? What has it taken away in terms of tax revenue from land and greater employment agglomerations? A study by Anne Moudon and Dohn Wook Sohn showed that offices that were clustered had greater values than those that weren't in the Seattle region. In addition to the spending on highways that expanded our regions to their current far reaches, how much real estate value did we destoy? Greater value for downtowns was lost and in the process we saw places like Hartford, as found by Dr. Norm Garrick at UConn lose population, employment, and their character. Not just the loss from parking, but from the gutting of the city by the Interstate System. Here are some slides from Dr. Garrick showing the destruction. When he toggled through the first time, the room I was in audibly gasped for air. Hartford Pre Interstate Hartford Post Interstate So what's the damage? The amount of tax creating employment did not grow and parking spots skyrocketed. So in aggregate what did this look like? The red shows it all: Lost revenue, lost agglomeration, lost value. Will these examples teach us a lesson about too much parking? Perhaps Wire Feed Another issue with free parking. Isn't there a market based way to take care of this issue around Mockingbird Station? Wire Feed More and more I think we're going to see assessments on property owners to pay for infrastructure. This specific example comes from a Grand Boulevard in Salt Lake City moving from downtown towards the airport: The street beautification, intended to blend with the planned airport TRAX line, would include new lighting, landscaping, multipurpose sidewalks, decorative walkways, bicycle paths and public art. Of course people are going to complain about another tax, but I wish people didn't feel that everything should be provided for free. Improvements cost money. Wire Feed I'm a bit late posting this one ... One persons station access is another persons time added to the commute: This north-side resident found the light rail underwhelming—the train chugs along at street level at a modest speed, stopping 10 times, even stopping at times for traffic lights. It’s still faster to take the express bus from downtown. So it was interesting to hear a south-side community organizer speak Wednesday about working during the light-rail planning process to get precisely the things that annoyed me. “We [told transit planners] we wanted more stops and we don’t want intersections cut off,” said Yolanda Sinde , I suggest reading the rest of the post as well as it delves into gentrification and smart growth as well. Wire Feed 
From this angle you can see the crack is still very visible. This is not good and indicates that I still have a bit of a way to got before I don't have to worry about it. If I better healing I should have a larger callus, a bone growth around the break.Comparing these with my original x-rays, you can see that I have much more movement of the ankle which is great. Richard had a good feel of the bone and clinically it is all good, there is little pain and this apparently is more important, but because the x-rays don't show ideal bone growth its better to take it safe. I will still be hobbling around on crutchs and I can't get off base. I am however doing physio and already my ankle is becoming quite flexible.For some reason September is the month for birthdays, maybe its to do with the cold northern hemisphere winters and next on the list was Neil's toga or greek God party.
  And if you know of any articles or blogs that are looking into this phenomena, I'd be very interested to hear about them.Thanks. Would you like a print? Go here. So, I had this little back and forth on Twitter with my friend Pete who lives over in Manchester, England, after reading one of his tweets-Pete-  Been sent an email with photos ripped off the web with no credit to the artists, stating creative people have "too much spare time". Angry.Me- I was saying last week that reading that line always makes me angry. Ignorant people.Pete- I don't wish to make you even more angry... but 5 of the images were yours and there's no watermarkMe- Can't say I'm surprised.Pete- but the title of the email was "Incredible Imaginations"... there's something :/It didn't help much.I come across that line far too often- "They must have too much time on their hands."  I'll see something really neat on the internet, and written somewhere in the comment section, I'll find those words. How many hours does that commenter spend watching television, surfing the internet, or playing video games?  If you spend 3 hours a day on passive entertainment (which is probably a very low estimate), that's 21 hours a week that could be used to write something interesting, make something cool,  or creating something absolutely nutty that you and some other people might really enjoy. If you aren't doing something along these lines, then I think that it might be you who isn't spending your time wisely,
 A view of the windows in the room where Jose Roberto Arruda is being held in at the Federal Police compound in Brasilia. Below, a view of his bunk beds and office desk . THE political crisis in Brasilia continues with the Federal District Governor Jose Roberto Arruda still being held at the headquarters of the Federal Police, a month after he was accused of trying to obstruct an investigation into massive corruption in his administration. The threat of federal intervention in the governing of the Federal District has eased for the time being, with the federal Supreme Court loath to intervene in a district that was given political emancipation only in 1988. Last week the Federal District Assembly voted to begin impeachment proceedings against Arruda. If he does not resign before the process is over, which takes several months, he could see his political rights suspended for up to eight years. Last Saturday, two district representatives tried to serve Arruda with the notice of the impeachment proceedings, but he refused to receive it, later saying in a handwritten letter to the Federal District Assembly that he wanted access to the full report on his impeachment before accepting the notification. The representatives returned last Monday with two witnesses to corroborate that they had informed Arruda of the proceedings against him, and served him with the notice. Arruda’s lawyers have been trying to get him moved to house arrest, something the Supreme Court justices have not been inclined to allow since this would facilitate his communication with supporters, and thus possibly make it easier for him to interfere in the Federal Police’s ongoing investigation into corruption in his administration. The governor is currently allowed visits only from his immediate family and his lawyers. His wife Flavia brings him lunch everyday, although she is not allowed to be alone with him in his room. He is being held in a room of approximately 16.8 square meters in the Federal Police headquarters compound in Brasilia. He had previously been held in a room of 40 square meters. He has access to newspapers and magazines, but is not allowed access to television or telephones. His lawyers claimed that he was being held in a “masmorra”, or a subterranean jail, which forced the Attorney General’s office to release pictures last week of his quarters which showed the room had clean white walls, a bunk bed, an office desk, a small refrigerator, a little sofa and a window. Arruda’s lawyers have also been claiming that the governor is suffering from pains in one of his ankles, which they claim is swollen and is linked to his diabetes. Two visits to a private hospital this week found Arruda in good health, taking away yet another reason his lawyers were trying to use to push for house arrest. The three-time former governor of the Federal District, Joaquim Roriz, who is now 75 years old, has been running political ads on television showing himself talking casually about the “shame of corruption” that is currently rocking Brasilia. Roriz is expected to run in the October elections for governor again. He has been embroiled in several corruption scandals in the past, which make his criticisms of Arruda extra ironic. Will voters here remember that when they go to the polls in October? One can only hope so. Jose Roberto Arruda, left, and Paulo Octavio in happier times. THE capital of Brazil, Brasilia, remained in a deep political crisis this week with the Distrito Federal Governor Jose Roberto Arruda still being held by the federal police for obstruction of an investigation of massive corruption involving the governor and at least 11 district representatives. Arrested on Feb. 11, at the beginning of Carnival, Arruda is being held at the headquarters of the Federal Police in Brasilia after he allegedly tried to bribe a local journalist to testify in his favor in the ongoing corruption investigation called “Pandora’s Box”. The vice governor of the Federal District, the enormously wealthy and successful real estate tycoon Paulo Octavio, took over as acting governor when Arruda was arrested. But he too has been linked to the corruption scheme, and impeachment proceedings have been filed against him, as well as Arruda, by several district representatives. Octavio found that he had little support in the DF legislature and after only 11 days in office decided to resign last week. After a hurried meeting with Brazilian President Luis Inacio “Lula” da Silva last week, he announced that he was holding off on resigning until this week, claiming that President Lula had asked him to wait a few more days. This was promptly denied by the presidential palace, which did not want the public to think that the president was supporting a politician under suspicion of corruption. Arruda was arrested upon request of the Attorney General Roberto Gurgel, who has repeatedly warned that there could be federal intervention in the governance of the Federal District if the local government does not get its act together. If the federal government stepped in, they would need to appoint someone to manage the capital at least until October when national elections are scheduled to take place and a new slate of politicians can be voted into office. The problem here is that the leading candidate expected to win the governor’s race is Joaquim Roriz , a former three-time governor of the DF and federal senator, who had to resign from the Senate in 2007 in a corruption scandal in order to not have his political rights suspended for several years if he had been found guilty. The Pandora’s Box investigation by the federal police came to public knowledge last year when hours of secretly filmed videotape was released by the police showing Arruda and several district representatives in different instances accepting large cash bribes and stuffing the money into their socks, underwear and handbags. The police claim these were regular kickbacks made over several years by businesses that had been given lucrative contracts with the Federal District government. These scenes caused a national outcry against such blatant greed and corruption when they were televised, although Arruda still maintains the payoffs were to fund the electoral campaigns of the politicians. Durval Barbosa, a former official in the DF government, who was involved in all of the payoffs, secretly filmed them in a deal he made with the Federal Police to help them in their investigation. In return he has been promised a reduced sentence. The Supreme Federal Court was originally scheduled to rule today on a habeus corpus motion by Arruda’s lawyers, but has postponed any decision until next week after Arruda’s lawyers asked for more time to study the original voting of the court which decided in favor of holding the governor. According to today’s Correio Braziliense newspaper , 13 of the 15 justices, who heard the original petition to have Arruda arrested, voted in favor of his arrest. A district representative, Wilson Lima, is now the new acting governor of the Federal District. He was described by Octavio in an interview with the Estado de Sao Paulo newspaper yesterday as “a simple man”. What remains to be seen is if Lima can stave off a federal intervention until the elections in October, and if Arruda, Octavio and the 11 district representatives will be tried in court for corruption. For too long disgraced politicians in Brazil have been able to cry on TV begging for forgiveness and then make a political comeback several years later as if nothing had happened. One can only hope that the memory of voters in the Federal District is not so short that they re-elect politicians that have proven in the past how rotten they really are. THE HASTILY announced new security measures implemented soon after the bungled Christmas Day attempt by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab ( photo at right ) to bomb a Delta jetliner approaching Detroit, of not being allowed on international flights to use the bathroom one hour before landing in the US or having a blanket on one’s lap, were laughable despite the seriousness of the threat. One does not deny that there are growing numbers of Muslims around the world who are being radicalized and pushed into hating and wanting to harm the United States and its citizens. This is due to two reasons: The rise of radical and ultra-conservative Islam, fueled in large part by Saudi money, and the US invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan. It is amazing that so many Americans still insist in solely viewing American imperial adventures abroad as do-good missions, swallowing hook, line and sinker the lie that America just wants to improve things in the Middle East. How can so many intelligent Americans not realize that in invading other countries, citizens of those countries just might harbor feelings of ill-will and resentment towards the invaders? It seems to be a logical and very human reaction to such a situation. Would Americans like it if Russia or China invaded the US to supposedly improve life for oppressed Americans? I hardly think so. The chorus of criticisms of the Obama administration’s reaction to the failed bombing were right in pointing out the stupidity of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano’s comment that “the system had worked” when passengers and flight attendants overpowered Abdulmutallab, and in slamming President Obama’s seeming lack of concern when he initially sent out advisers deal with the aftermath before finally holding a press conference himself. Napolitano had to quickly backtrack in the days following her inauspicious comment, especially when it became known that Abdulmutallab’s own father had gone to the US Embassy in Lagos, Nigeria, months ago to warn them about the radicalization of his son. An intelligence report was telegraphed back to Washington from the embassy and the Nigerian’s name was placed on a watch list of half a million people. But he was not put on the much smaller no-fly list, and worst of all his two-year US visa was not cancelled immediately as it should have been. All passengers flying to the US have their names and passport details sent ahead when they check-in for their flights so that security checks can be made before someone believed to be a threat can even board a flight to the US. If his visa had been cancelled, and if the pre-flight verification system had worked, then Abdulmutallab would have never been allowed to board that Delta flight. It was the fast thinking action of a Dutch passenger which saved the day on that Delta flight when he leaped across rows of seats when he saw that Abdulmutallab was trying to set off a bomb, and grabbed the explosive device out of his hands, thereby saving the lives of nearly 300 people. Alert passengers and flight attendants on flights to and in the US are indeed the last line of defense between a terrorist and their success or lack thereof in blowing up or crashing a plane. The extra security measures announced this week for passengers flying to the US from 14 countries considered to harbor many potential terrorists with anti-US feelings, including Saudi Arabia, Nigeria, Pakistan, Algeria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and Yemen, seem unfair to me and are certainly not foolproof. Al-Qaeda or any other group could get around these new restrictions by recruiting disaffected American, French or British Muslims to carry out attacks on the US and Americans. Or they could use Indonesians, Indians, Filipinos or Chinese to carry out attacks. Americans and Europeans have to think strategically and cleverly in how to outfox the terrorists. Installing those huge imaging full body scanners at all major European and US airports would be a good beginning. They have hardly been used so far because of objections from privacy activists. But in this age of underwear bombers, these scanners have become more necessary than ever. Who cares if security screeners can see the outline of your entire body? Especially when the images are not stored and are deleted soon after being taken? Objections that screening all passengers with these machines would take far too much time could be remedied by randomly screening a certain number of passengers from each flight, no matter their nationality . In addition, Western countries need to be adept at sorting through and actually analyzing intelligently the avalanche of data and information that they are buried under on a daily basis. Firing a US intelligence analyst, who spoke fluent Arabic, just because he was gay, has to stop too. Apart from being homophobic and wrong, firing someone just because they are gay is silly when there are so few Americans who actually speak and write Arabic fluently. Western countries have to think outside the box and at the same time support progressive and moderate forces in Muslim countries so as not to alienate whole nations. Pulling out of Afghanistan would be a good first step. That war is unwinnable, and it is a shame that hundreds of young Americans and Europeans have given their lives for a country that does not want their help and an Afghan government that is riddled with corruption. And that too just so that Obama and UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown can save face and not be accused of abandoning the fight. Afghanistan was never a good fight to begin with. Bush got us involved in that, Obama should now get us out. THE Brazilian Defense Minister Nelson Jobim and the commanders of the three major branches of the military all signed a joint resignation letter addressed to President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva last week over a proposed law that would have created a National Program of Human Rights and set up a truth commission that would have had the power to try military officials for human rights abuses committed during the military dictatorship from 1964 to 1985. A sweeping amnesty law passed by Congress in 1979 gave protection from prosecution for any crimes committed by members of both the military and left-wing guerrilla groups during the dictatorship. This was the major condition that the military demanded in return for allowing the country to be returned to civilian rule. According to the O Globo and O Estado de S ã o Paulo newspapers, President Lula had an emergency meeting with Defense Minister Jobim on Dec. 22 at the Brasilia Air Force Base, where the minister handed in the collective resignation. Lula rejected their resignations and promised to stop the proposed bill from being sent to Congress. According to press reports, the president claimed he was not aware of some of the provisions of the new bill. The mentor and coordinator of the proposed National Human Rights Program is Lula’s own Minister of the Secretariat of Human Rights Paulo Vannuchi. According to the Estado de S ã o Paulo paper , the military was extremely alarmed that the proposed reappraisal of human rights abuses during the military dictatorship mentioned only state actors, and did not include the various armed, left-wing guerilla groups that kidnapped, killed and robbed during that same period. “If they want to put a colonel or a general in the defendant’s seat, then let’s also put Dilma and Franklin Martins there,” one active general told the newspaper. He was referring to Lula’s chief of cabinet Dilma Rouseff, who is his handpicked candidate for next year’s presidential elections, and the head of government communications, both of whom participated in armed struggle against the military dictatorship in the 1960s and 1970s. It is obvious that Lula, the first left-wing president that Brazil has had since João Goulart was overthrown in 1964, is pushing the envelope on abuses committed during the dictatorship. He is testing the waters to see how the military will react. Their reaction was quite strong, causing Lula to backtrack and say that he and his Partido dos Trabalhadores, will not support the passage of the new law in Congress. But it is also a sad fact that the whole military dictatorship period of twenty years is hardly talked about in Brazilian schools or in public discourse. I asked several Brazilian friends if this period was studied in detail in high schools and they told me “no”, that it was just mentioned in general terms. Brazil is still suffering the effects of those years of dictatorship. Not talking about what happened during those dark years leaves questions unanswered and several generations of Brazilians without knowledge of crucial part of their history. A National Truth Commission, like the one set up in South Africa to deal with the aftermath of apartheid, would do a world of good to the country. Yes it would be traumatic in some cases, and yes, I think left-wing guerillas should be criticized as well, but I also think that confronting the many demons from that era would be cathartic and healing for the whole Brazilian nation. João Gabriel Vasconcellos, left, and Rafael Cardoso in a scene from Do Começo ao Fim I WATCHED Do Começo ao Fim , a much-awaited Brazilian film with a gay theme, on Friday night at Park Shopping, and was a little disappointed with the script and some of the acting. Directed and written by Aluisio Abranches, From Beginning to End is the love story of two half-brothers, Francisco and Thomás, who grow up together in Rio with their mother Julieta (Julia Lemmertz) and become lovers. The first half of the film shows the two when they are six and 11 years old each. Played by Lucas Cotrin (Francisco) and Gabriel Kaufmann (Thomás), the young actors are much more convincing and natural as the young brothers than João Gabriel Vasconcellos (who is a Ford model in real life) as the grown-up Francisco and Rafael Cardoso as the grown-up Thomás, who come across as being too self-conscious and thus irritatingly corny. The veteran actress Lemmertz is excellent as the mother of the two boys. She notices the intimacy that develops between the two half-brothers, but does nothing to stop it. Instead she has a heart-to-heart talk with Francisco and tells him if he ever wants to talk about his feelings for his brother that she will be there to listen to him, and that he shouldn’t be ashamed of his feelings. The director Abranches had trouble getting financing for the film because of its controversial theme of gay and incestuous love. Some producers offered support only if he made the two brothers heterosexual or if they became cousins in the script. He refused and was still able to get enough backing to finish the film. The director says he is not trying to raise any flags with the film, but that he only wants to tell a love story without making any judgments on it. Vasconcellos as the grown up Francisco kept laughing too much in his scenes, which I found annoying and seemed to be a byproduct of his feeling nervous and the fact that he is a neophyte actor. Lapses in the script also left me and other viewers wondering how the two brothers could live together as lovers and never seem to encounter any hostility from friends and relatives. Nevertheless, Do Começo ao Fim is a fine film that tackles a potentially controversial subject with dignity and compassion. — The film is being shown in Brasilia at Park Shopping and at the Academia de Tenis. Mounted military police attack a lone protester on the ground in Brasilia on Wednesday. THE embattled governor of the Federal District, Jose Roberto Arruda, announced his departure from the Democratas party yesterday at a press conference during which he read from a prepared statement. He did not take any questions from the press. Accused of running a vast bribery scheme by the Federal Police, video surveillance tapes were broadcast on national television showing him and several other political allies accepting wads of cash from private companies that had been awarded lucrative contracts with the Federal District’s government. Arruda’s move was a strategic one to preempt his former party from meeting today to vote to throw him out. He had asked the Supreme Electoral Tribunal to stop the Democratas from holding that meeting, but the court ruled yesterday morning that it could not stop what was essentially an internal party matter. In his prepared statement, the governor emphasized that he was withdrawing himself from the election next year, but that he intended to stay on and finish the 2,000 projects that his government has ongoing in the Federal District, home to Brazil’s capital of Brasilia. Some observers have noted that Arruda will try to hang on for dear life, but that the amount of corruption evidence against him is vast and that ultimately he will be forced to resign from the governorship. Anti-corruption activists have been holding anti-Arruda protests in Brasilia everyday this week, with the most violent one taking place on Wednesday when 600 anti-riot military police on horseback essentially attacked more than 1,500 peaceful demonstrators with their horses, billy clubs, tear gas and rubber bullets. Horrifying pictures of policemen ganging up on lone demonstrators kneeling on the ground were printed in newspapers and shown on television. Col. Jos é Beliz á rio Silva Filho, who was in charge of the battalion unleashed against the demonstrators, hotly defended his men’s actions at a press conference on Thursday, even after video footage showed him rolling on the ground as he tussled with a protestor. “Did I hurt him deliberately?” he asked defensively. “Our actions were perfect!” The head of the military police in the Federal District, Col. Luiz Henrique Fonseca, admitted that the troops under Silva Filho’s command had committed excesses in trying to contain the protesters and has opened an investigation into the incident. But he noted that initially he saw no reason to put Silva Filho on administrative leave. The Public Ministry of the Federal District took a less sanguine view of the incident, with Mauro Faria Lima, a public prosecutor, saying that it was opening its own investigation of the event by interviewing the injured protesters and the policemen involved. Lima said the military police’s actions against the protesters were “bestial”. “A protester that had fallen down was surrounded by policemen mounted on horses. The policemen threw their horses against the protester. These were shocking scenes, unworthy of a civilized country,” the prosecutor said according to O Globo newspaper. “We want Arruda to resign as governor now, in December,” one student protester told Globo television last night in an interview. “We’re not willing to wait until next year. We are going to keep protesting every day until he leaves.” There are six impeachment requests currently being evaluated by the Legislative Council of the Federal District, which has 24 elected representatives. But analysts have noted that Arruda has enough allies on the council to have all impeachment requests turned down. Warning: Contains spoilers! Spanish director Pedro Almodovar’s latest film, Broken Embraces , or Abra ç os Partidos , as it is called in Brazil, is not his best work. I watched the film on Sunday in Brasilia after the film opened in Brazil on Friday. Starring Penelope Cruz as Lena, a young secretary at a large company who occasionally works as a high-class escort to make some extra money, the film shows her father dying from cancer of the stomach that has metastasized. Her boss at the company, played creepily well by Jose Luis Gomez, is in fact the rich industrialist Ernesto Martel who owns the whole company. He’s a lecherous old man, who jumps at the chance of helping Lena when she calls him up to ask for help in getting treatment for her ailing father. Before we know it, Lena is his lover living in luxury with him in his large mansion. But of course, ennui soon sets in and Lena goes looking for work as an actress. She visits the office of movie director Mateo Blanco played by Lluis Homar, and sparks fly. Blanco hires her for one of his films and they fast become lovers. But I’m getting ahead of myself. All that I have just described occurs in flashbacks. At the beginning of the film, Blanco is blind and has been reduced to writing film scripts. He is taken care of by his agent Judit Garcia (Blanca Portillo) and her son Diego (Tamar Novas). A surprise visit by a certain Ray X (Ruben Ochandiano), who wants to produce a film with Blanco, sets in motion the flashbacks that tell the twisted story of what really happened between the main characters. Ray X is in fact the gay son of Ernesto Martel who wants revenge for what his father did to Blanco and Lena. Blanco turns him away and during a ten-day period when he is left in the care of Diego, tells the young man what happened so many years ago with him and Lena. It turns out that Martel agreed to finance the film that Lena was starring in as a way to keep her under his control. To find out if she is being faithful or not, Martel sends his son out with a video camera to make a documentary of the making of the film. The son trails Lena everywhere, on set and off, filming everything and handing in his daily shots to his father who watches them at night and employs a hilarious lip-reader (Lola Due ñ as) to help decipher what is being said since his son’s shots mysteriously have no sound. The secret affair unmasked, Lena decides to leave Martel but he pushes her down a long staircase and then drives her to a hospital for treatment. She recovers but decides to run away with Blanco to Famagusta. They stay there for a month, but Martel manages to track them down and sends his son after them. Tragically, Lena is killed when a SUV smashes into the car she’s in with Blanco. The director is blinded in the accident. The problem with this film is that I could not manage to care about what was happening to the characters in the first hour of the film. Cruz is amazingly flat in this film, with a determined look on her face most of the time that just makes her look like a gold digger. Homar walks around acting like an oversexed man going through a mid-life crisis, while Portillo just seems to constantly frown throughout the movie. The only character with some semblance of sweetness and naturalness is Tamar Novas as Diego. The other problem is with the script that allows Judit Garcia to tearfully admit at the end of the film that she helped Martel track down the two lovers and even helped him re-edit Blanco’s movie so that it would be a critical flop. Blanco hardly flinches at such revelations of betrayal, which was not very believable. All in all, it is sort of a relief when Lena is killed off near the end of the film, which does not say much about the quality of Cruz’s acting, the direction she got from long-time friend Almodovar, or the script that they worked with. LAST Thursday, December 3, I attended the annual Christmas bazaar of the American International Club of Brasilia at the Portuguese Embassy. My mother has been a member of this club for many years, so I decided to tag along this year since I had never been before. The club was founded in 1971, when Brasilia was only 11 years old. It’s original name was American Women’s Club of Brasilia, but that was changed a few years ago to accommodate the husbands of diplomats who were posted to the Brazilian capital and wanted to be members of the group. The bazaar was a slightly interesting mishmash of a bake sale cum jewelry and embroidery sale. Tables were set up to display the goods of both club members and outside vendors. I bought a beautiful arrangement of tropical flowers grown right here in the Distrito Federal in Brazlândia for only R$15 (around $8.60). I also got a beautiful watercolor of a cashew tree for R$80 ($46) painted by Therese von Behr, a talented artist originally from Romania and who has been living in Brasilia for many years. I also won a jar of Marmite from the UK in the raffle section. Unfortunately, although I do like the saltiness of the dark brown yeast spread, I cannot eat it because it will inflame the gout I have in my left ankle. What really caught my attention though, was the Asian section of the bazaar that had steamed Chinese dumplings, Indonesian dishes and a rice, kabsa dish from Kuwait. A Brazilian man came in bearing the Kuwaiti dish. I looked in vain for a Kuwaiti woman accompanying him and later had to laugh and point out to my mom that a Brazilian maid in a well-pressed uniform was standing next to the Kuwaiti dish ready to serve anyone a plate of the good-looking dish for R$5 a pop. “How typical of Kuwaitis,” I told my mom, chuckling. “They can’t even be bothered to show up, instead they send their dish with a maid!” With that we called it a day and left with our goodies to have lunch at the Gilberto Salamão shopping center in the Lago Sul. 
 A couple of recent news items caught my eye, one with profound conservation implications, the other without. The Department of Interior has been considering listing the Greater Sage Grouse ( Centrocercus urophasianus - above) under the Endangered Species Act, and last Friday it announced its decision. Beyond their spectacle and interesting biology, Sage Grouse are notable for being completely dependent on the sagebrush steppes that covered much of the western United States until recently. As livestock grazing, development and extractive industries degraded these communities, a population of around 16 million birds has dwindled to well under 5% of that number today. Halting the grouse decline means maintaining healthy, virgin sagebrush habitat and disallowing the practices, essential to continual economic growth, that destroy them. The situation is a microcosm of the global conservation situation: meaningful conservation and the paradigm of continued economic growth are incompatible. This incompatibility is the metaphorical elephant in the sitting room of public conservation discourse. Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar's limp-wristed decision last Friday, to assign the Sage Grouse “warranted but precluded” status (meaning essentially that the bird deserves protection, but won't get it, although its status will be re-reviewed annually), is a clear sign that moneyed interests will continue their reign and the DOI intends to continue denying that elephant. For more on sage brush ecology and conservation, see here, here, here, and here . The second story describes the rediscovery of the “extinct” Australian Yellow-spotted Bell Frog ( Litoria castanea – above), which hadn't been seen since 1980. Six tadpoles were collected and transferred to the Taronga Zoo near Sydney, where a captive propagation effort will be implemented. This species and several close relatives, all found in the southeastern quadrant of the continent, are rather hard to untangle taxonomically. The whole complex has seen a rather steep population decline in recent years, the causes of which are not clear, although chytridiomycosis has been implicated, as have chemical pollutants and invasive Gambusia fish. The Yellow-spotted Bell Frog's small range in the highlands of SE Australia is not well-studied, and contrary to the popular press implication, it was never declared extinct because the possibility of this news has always been considered very real. The discovery of this population, and the hope it represents for survival of this species, while happy news, tells us nothing about the broader picture of worldwide frog decline. _____________________ upper: WINTER SAGE GROUSE (1989) acrylic 14" x 14" lower: Photo of Litoria castanea by AP, lifted from the Internet The time has come, once again, for one of the country's biggest sale exhibitions of small artworks. Masterworks In Miniature opens tomorrow, March 5th at Gallery One in Mentor, OH. Among the 150 or so paintings on view will be my Red-breasted Paradise Kingfisher (above). _____________________ illustration: RED-BREASTED PARADISE KINGFISHER (2010) acrylic 10" x 8" I'll say it again: the paucity of good mainstream science journalism is more than regrettable. Science blogs represent the best source for intelligent assessment of science news, but sorting the good ones from the bad can be a trick. So I was pleased to serve as a judge for the latest Open Laboratory , a compendium of the best science blogging of 2009. It's now available in print for $14.50 or as a pdf download for $7.50. Few species have been featured on this blog more than California Condors (Gymnogyps californianus). There is no better school for conservation than the struggle over the past few decades to find a way to support these birds on a continent that no longer harbors much of a home for them. The recent trend has been a hopeful one; from a mere 22 individuals in the early '80s, a concerted management program has lifted the tally to nearly 350, over half of which live free in a sort of 3/4-wild state. Some bad news arrived yesterday, of the recent deaths of three members of the Arizona population. All three had succumbed to lead poisoning, a persistent plague in the region. The entire population was trapped and subjected to chelation therapy a few years ago, but obviously, more needs to be done. The Arizona and Utah Departments of Fish &amp; Wildlife are stepping up efforts to change the habits of local hunters, including handing out coupons for free non-toxic ammunition. _____________________ illustration: CALIFORNIA CONDOR (2008) acrylic 30" x 20" One of my perennially favorite themes is the taking of outsize quarry by predatory birds. I was recently alerted to a couple of nice documentations, the first describing an apparent case of a Spectacled Owl ( Pulsatrix perpicillata ) preying on a Brown-throated Three-toed Sloth ( Bradypus variegatus ) that had come to the ground to defecate. Spectacled Owls are common through most of tropical America, although I've never found a nest nor handled one in captivity and have little knowledge of their behavior. They're medium-sized forest owls that I've always assumed subsisted mostly on lizards, arthropods and mouse-sized mammals. A grounded three-toed sloth is hardly an imposing foe (unlike its rather distant cousins the two-toed sloths), but the taking of anything that big by a Spectacled is quite surprising to me. Our second link documents an attemped predation on a White-tailed Deer ( Odocoileus virginianus ) by a Golden Eagle ( Aquila chrysaeto s), featuring some great shots accompanied by somewhat less great commentary, said to have been taken in Illiniois, of all places. While this behavior isn't typical, it's far from unheard of. It can't be denied that Golden Eagles are very powerful and effective predators. I have spent many hours watching wild Golden Eagles and have watched them hunt many different types of quarry. Some day I hope to witness something like this in person. While on the subject of large prey, I received an email yesterday with a series of photographs showing a Black-headed Python ( Aspidites melanocephalus ) swallowing what appears to be a dull-colored Gould's Monitor ( Varanus gouldii ). The email identified the location as Cloudbreak, Arizona, although it's clearly Australia. These photos may not be new, but they were of special interest to me, since they illustrate a situation similar to the one I painted in 1994 for the cover of Brian Kend's Pythons of Australia . My painting was criticized for showing the snake applying its belly to the prey instead the sides of its body. Some of the photographs, like the one in the upper left, clearly show the python using its sides, while in others the belly is against the prey. The entire photo series appears to show the process at a later stage than my painting (the prey seems to have already been killed in the former), but hope remains that Kend's book cover may actually be somewhat accurate. _____________________ upper: SPECTACLED OWL (2009) acrylic 10" x 8" I was asked the other day about the veracity of the cover of my book, Rigor Vitae . The painting (above) shows a trio of African Softshell Turtles ( Trionyx triunguis ) startled from their perch atop the back of a Hippopotamus ( Hippopotamus amphibius ) that appears to be lurching in a threatening way towards an unknown target. So how representative of reality is this painting? I can best answer this question be retracing my thinking in its conception. The adjectives that spring to mind when I think of softshell turtles are: active, fast, graceful, and above all, intelligent (as turtles go). The species T. triunguis is one of the smartest of the bunch; observations in both wild and captive specimens have shown they can spend over half their waking time engaged in play behavior. Even though this consists of underwater, hunting-related exercises, the knowledge inspired me to approach the piece with an air of whimsy. In my work, I nearly always try to deal with truths of natural history, but different truths call for different approaches. More often than not, the approach is a direct sort of story-telling that's not difficult to understand. When I invent a situation I've never seen nor heard of, biological credibility is an important consideration. The initial idea of this painting, African Softshells basking on a Hippo, is just such a situation, and the placing of my protagonists on that platform was done with a clear conscience. Although they spend a great deal of time basking, I don't feel that this static activity defines softshells' essence well at all. The painting called for fury and for speed, so I set the whole thing in motion, in that instant of my initial basking concept's irrevocable replacement with an absent hippo and the turtles returned to their brisk native depths. Caught in midair, the main subject's placement strains the limits of credibility, especially considering the fact he'd be more likely to favor a quick downward slide. In placing him, I tried to find the highest conceivable point such a reptile could reach if all factors of friction and inertia could be favorably aligned. The entire composition is built around enforcing the painting's movement: the surface ripples, the Papyrus stems, the flock of St. Helena Waxbills, and a mysterious arc of water all cooperate in a scene theoretically possible, yet so unlikely as to disqualify it as an illustration of animal behavior. But is it a betrayal of my “natural history truth” objective? I answer with a firm “No.” Exaggerated, contrived and skewed, I could never create a painting containing more truth about African Softshells. Anthropomorphism is a present danger whenever engaging in such exaggeration. My rule of thumb is to take care when when comparing a non-human's behavior to my own, but when the situation is reversed to throw caution to the wind. Emotions and instincts are identical in some cases, analogous in the rest, and indulging instincts accords a certain satisfaction. In Call of the Monsoon (above), a Couch's Spadefoot ( Scaphiopus couchii ) rises from subterranean summertime torpor to feed and breed in the monsoon moisture. Again, the subject's position here is anatomically possible, yet not typical, even a bit exaggerated: a bit like a purring cat. The intent is to stretch the immediate truth a bit to express a greater truth than a photographic representation could, without falling into the mire of anthropomorphism. _____________________ upper: HIPPOPOTAMUS &amp; NILE SOFTSHELL TURTLES (1995) acrylic 20" x 30" lower: CALL OF THE MONSOON--COUCH'S SPADEFOOT (1996) acrylic 18" x 12" WHO PUT THE "GATE" IN THE CLIMATEGATE? Memories of the Copenhagen climate summit have dissipated with the contrails of the jets carrying the delegates back home, but the public discourse continues. For now we put the important talk on hold in favor of a silly strawman: the debate over climatological data. Special thanks to my right-wing pals D, J and S for keeping me abreast of the latest articles, blog posts and email forwards making the case that the evidence showing a general anthropogenic warming of the earth over the past 50 years is a hoax, disingenuously cobbled together by various entities of bad intent. Over the past year, I've studied their arguments, and regret to report that it's pretty weak stuff, misunderstanding the research at best, but more often intentionally misrepresenting it to support the preconceived resolution that the earth's climate is not warming, and even if it was, it wasn't caused by humans, and even if it was, it would make things better, not worse. I have a few arguments with the major voices on the other side, too, and will voice those in future posts, but for now, let's ask how we can get past this argument and why we haven't yet. Any discussion of climate change has policy implications, and it's only natural for one's political desires to color one's sight. Also, climatology is a difficult science to understand, involving lots of sophisticated statistics, and understanding it takes some work. Most science is sort of like looking at a yard through a picket fence; you can get a fairly good idea of what's back there, but you have to make some assumptions about what you can't see, some of which will likely be wrong. Looking through a single gap will yield a false impression. It can be tempting to consider each gap, seeking the one that best represents your assumptions about the yard, but that's a sure recipe for self-delusion. Only by taking them all into consideration will you approach a true understanding. Last, the sad paucity of good science journalism makes it extremely hard for us layfolks to keep up. I keep waiting for Science or Nature or even the Journal of Applied Meteorology to turn up on the racks at the local Barnes &amp; Noble, to no avail. Peer-reviewed science journals, like Medieval bibles, are not meant for proletariat eyes. As an example of mainstream science journalism at its worst, I offer a tidbit from last Sunday's Daily Mail , the UK's 2 nd most widely-read daily paper. It describes a BBC interview with Phil Jones, the director of the University of East Anglia's Climate Research Unit (CRU), the group whose emails were hacked and made public on the eve of the international climate summit in Copenhagen. For those interested in wading through them, the emails can be accessed here . The evidence in these emails has been heralded as a “smoking gun,” proving the following wrongdoing by CRU researchers: 1. Attempting to bar research conflicting with their own from peer-reviewed journals. 2. Hiding incriminating evidence. 3. Manipulating data showing a cooling trend to make that trend disappear. Without going into depth, I'll just say that #1 was clearly discussed, although there's no evidence any action was ever taken. The evidence for #2 looks fairly damning—exactly what was deleted and what, if any, rules were broken remains unclear, at least to me. Jones says it was done out of frustration with a deluge of FOI requests that were impeding the actual work of the laboratory. The evidence for #3 is extremely weak, and can be interpreted in many ways. Overall, “Climategate,” as it's been dubbed, falls far short of discrediting any of the CRU's work, much less climatology in general. I hope you can take the time to read the Daily Mail article along with the original interview it claims to describe. While the Daily Mail headline states that Dr. Jones “admits there has been no global warming since 1995,” what he clearly says is that the data for that period are insufficient to make statistical sense of. Imagine a white wall with three small chips in its paint. Two chips show blue paint underneath, one shows red paint. Your data suggest that more of the wall is blue than red, but you have no idea what the true ratio is. This is the climatologist's dilemma. The CRU data appear to suggest a small warming trend from 1995 to the present and a small cooling trend from 2002 to the present, but they have no idea what color that wall is. (Data from other groups, such as the Goddard Institute for Space Studies , show slightly higher temperatures, but are still statistically insignificant when isolated). The Daily Mail article also misrepresents Jones' statements about the “Medieval Warming Period” as well as incorrectly suggesting that the CRU's surface temperature data were used to assemble the paleoclimatic model represented in the famous IPCC “hockey-stick graph.” It's hard to attribute the libelous errors in this article to a writer's inability to understand his subject. This isn't journalism, it isn't opinion. It's propaganda intended not to enlighten but to deceive. It's disheartening to see more and more of this from mainstream news organizations, and to realize that more eyes will read the bogus Daily Mail story than the interview it misrepresents. Climatologists simply try to understand the systems they study; it's plain to see from which side the real climatology hoax is perpetrated. _____________________ illustration: LESSER FLAMINGOS (2005) oil on canvas 72" x 96" At a party a couple of weeks back, I got into a discussion with an “evolution skeptic,” who trotted out that aggravating old line that evolution was only a “theory.” He, it seemed, was holding out for the day that the theory would be passed into “law.” This inspired me to offer a humble birthday present to good old Charles Darwin on his 201 st birthday: A very quick, very unsophisticated primer on the difference between theory and a law. A law is basically an observation of nature, and a theory explains an observation. Newton's Law of Universal Gravitation described the force of gravity, and his Theory of Gravitation, which has largely been superseded by Einsteins Theory of General Relativity, attempted to explain it. In this manner, the Law of Evolution could be stated that organisms change morphologically over time. Darwin's Theory of Mutation and Natural Selection explains the mechanics of that change. Theories don't become laws, they modify them. Class dismissed. Illustrating this post is a new painting of a Red-bellied Paradise Kingfisher ( Tanysiptera nympha ), one of six members of a New Guinean complex of streamer-tailed forest birds. It was in this region that Alfred Russell Wallace saw such simple island speciation and began to understand how it worked, just as speciation on the Galapagos awakened Darwin to the same ideas. _____________________ illustration: RED-BELLIED PARADISE KINGFISHER (2010) acrylic on clay board 10" x 8" 
Arona It is still Winter here.Lake front, Arona ...where a 19th century prizewinning biscuit factory had to give way to modern equipped production facilities.City of Varese War Memorial Pallanza Verbania ...punctually on his bikeArona Arona Arona The building of the Simplon road&nbsp;was ordered by&nbsp;Napoleon Bonaparte on the 7th September 1800. The road starts at the Arch of Peace (Arco della Pace) in the City of Milan and ends at the Arc de Triomphe in&nbsp;Paris. The road passes along the Piedmont side of Lake Maggiore - right through Arona - over the Simplon Pass into Switzerland and France.Belgirate, Lake Maggiore 
I worked on this one on location for about about 3 hours earlier today. I found the scene and composition difficult to handle, and finished it up tonight in the studio with about 2 more hours work. The top of these limestone outcroppings were covered in moss, as was a lot of the tree trunks where they emerged from the ground, and most of the rocks."Outcropping"20" x 30", oil on linen(Here's a re-do on this one. I didn't like where it was and decided to attack it. It's only paint and canvas. The original is below the adjusted painting.) Here's another snow painting from the southeastern part of Cumberland County, Kentucky, very close to Dale Hollow Lake State Resort Park. The road that travels through this small valley is Davidson Road. Did this one from a photograph I took recently."Dusting"20" x 24", oil on linen Went back to a little stream in the woods today. Didn't think it was that cold when I first went out, but before long was warming my hands in gloves.
I'm not usually a big fan of 'making of' videos - if I wanted to have the daylight poured in on magic, I'd buy myself a periscope and a ladder, and most album-making is like most other album-making - but Solex have come up with something a bit beyond the norm to promote their Solex VS Cristina Martinez & Jon Spencer Amsterdam Throwdown King Street Showdown thing . This, to be precise, is what they've come up with: Solex VS Cristina Martinez & Jon Spencer Comic Video from Bronzerat Records on Vimeo . There's been such a gush of affection for Galaxie 500 been inspired by the re-release of their catalogue you do wonder how it is they managed to not be solidly at number one for months at the end of the 1980s. Still, it's a good time for Damon and Naomi to be announcing a mini UK tour: April Friday 30 - Brighton - The Old Market £8. Doors: 7pm May Saturday 01 - London - The Luminaire £8. Doors: 7.30pm Sunday 02 - Manchester - St. Philips Church as part of 'Sounds From The Other City Festival' £15. Doors 3pm Monday 03 - Sheffield - The Harley £6. Doors 7pm Tuesday 04 - Glasgow - Mono, price and doors tbc Thursday 06 - Cardiff, - Arts Institute free. Doors 7pm Friday 07 - Bristol - The Fleece & Firkin £8.50. Doors 8pm Bat For Lashes might have missed out on the Brits, but Natasha has picked up a prize at the UK Asian Music Awards . Which took place on Friday. First with the news as ever. Still, with the Asian Network doing so much great work for the Anglo Asian music scene, these awards are timely, giving a chance for the tireless team in Birmingham to be given a pat on the back; a chance to demonstrate some love for the AN. So who from the slate of Asian Network presenters won the best radio show category? Nihal - Radio 1 Oh. The winners in full: Best Album Jay Sean - All Or Nothing Best Female Act Amar Best Male Act Jay Sean Best Alternative Act Natasha Khan (Bat For Lashes) Best Club DJ DJ H Best Newcomer JK Best Producer Sukshinder Shinda Best International Act Rahat Fateh Ali Khan Best Desi Act Imran Khan Best Urban Act Jay Sean Best Radio Show Nihal - Radio 1 Best Video Jay Sean - Down Best International Album Miss Pooja - Romantic Jatt Outstanding Achievement Biddu Commitment to Scene Talvin Singh The supply of ass-kicking Japanese female-punked pop shows little sign of abating. Meet, as proof, The Suzan. To mark their appearance at SXSW, The Fader are hosting a free download of Home . If you'd like to try before you... well, not buy, as The Fader are doing it for free, but this is roughly the sort of thing to expect: Due 10th May: a new single from Nina Nistasia, Cry, Cry, Baby. Steve Albini is still producing for her. Better than that: there's a promise of a UK tour - brief, but with a fuller programme to come this Autumn. New-ish Placebo drummer Steve Forrest nearly set himself up for a sit com moment thanks to a scant knowledge of late 90s British androgopop : Yes, he tells my paper from Sydney, Australia, where Placebo were touring recently, he even thought lead androgynous singer Brian Molko, 37, was a girl. He recalls: "My tour manager played a Placebo CD and I said, 'This chick's cool. She has a really good voice'." It was only later, when Forrest met Molko in person, that he realised Molko is a guy. ... and only then after two or three weeks, when he realised he peed standing up. It says here. You'd have to think that Molko would probably be flattered and delighted if someone thought he was an actual girl. Providing it wasn't an ugly girl. Well, given that people are less keen on buying albums these days, you do need to have a second string to your bow. Will Oldham has just launched a limited-edition bottle stopper : Each bottle stopper was individually hand carved by the artist Scott Millar, so each one will be completely unique. Anyone ordering the bottle stopper from the mart will be sent an email to download all the album tracks on the release date, 29th March 2010. The idea is that if you don't want to finish a bottle of wine, you can use this stopper to reseal it. No, apparently, there are people who don't feel compelled to polish off a bottle once it's been opened. Here's a funny thing - Eddy Grant has accused Gorillaz of ripping off one of his tunes : Grant says Gorillaz copied his 1977 song Time Warp on their new single. "I am outraged that the Gorillaz have infringed the copyright of my song Time Warp, claiming their song Stylo to be an original composition," he said. Breach of copyright, eh? Now, there's something the RIAA are always quick to have something to say about. You only have to try and remember what a song sounds like, and the BPI will hit you with a lawsuit for copying the music to your cerebal cortex without the correct licence. Clearly, Grant's publisher, EMI, will be fuming over one of its artists having his copyright abused, right? [They] said it was "a private matter between Eddy Grant and Gorillaz". Oh. Um... well, what about Gorillaz's publishers? They, surely, won't sit back and be accused of stealing copyright - that's like stealing hangbags, remember? [They] said it was "a private matter between Eddy Grant and Gorillaz". Oh, yes. It turns out that, at least, the publishing arm of EMI aren't actually that upset at the thought of copyright being abused at all. Indeed, it's nothing more than a "private matter". Perhaps they might like to have come to this conclusion before the BPI tried to write UK legislation in the Digital Economy Bill. 
This blog has been closed for quite some time. See http://martinaspeli.net for more up to date content. We've had a lot of discussions recently about quality management of plone.org/products - how do people who don't spend their days on plone-user and #plone work out what products are worth betting on, where they are going and whether they'll stay viable in the future? A lot of really great ideas came out of the session we held at the Plone Conference. We've taken the ones that seemed most workable and turned them into a todo-list for the PloneSoftwareCenter. To deliver these ideas, we need volunteers - Archetypes programmers, documentation writers, product reviewers and project manager types. If you want to help out, please check out the OpenPlans collaboration site - add your name and thoughts to the wiki, join the mailing list, discuss, commit code! See: http://www.openplans.org/projects/plone-products Since getting back into doing some Java/J2EE web development, I'm constantly struck by the sheer number of mega-frameworks that I feel I probably should know. It's overwhelming, it gives me a nervous twitch, like I could be investing lots of time in some framework that turns out to be inferior because I have no way of comprehending what else is out there. How do Java web app developers ever get anything done? Here's a list of frameworks and APIs that I've come across in my current project, all of which could have some relevance to my project: Java Servlet API JSP syntax JSTL JSF MyFaces/Tomahawk JSF components Oracle ADF JSF components Java Facelets Hibernate iBATIS EJB 2 EJB 3 JBoss SEAM Spring Struts WebWork SiteMesh Tapestry AppFuse Log4J JUnit JMock JDBC DBUnit Cactus Maven Cargo Ant Tomcat JBoss Eclipse MyEclipse Oh ... and I need to determine which ones of these can work together, and which of my tools will tolerate which technologies. Aaaaah! To be clear, my application is basically just forms that drive SQL queries. I don't even care so much about security. However, a goal was to try and use best-practice patterns and technologies, to ensure the application could scale up in the future. Now, I'm pretty good developer, I know Java (the language) well and I learn quickly. But several of the pieces above would take me a week or more (each) to learn properly. Obviously some are easier than others, and many are directly competing. But how do I know what to choose? How do I know where to invest my time? I looked for books, but it seems that many of them are out of date by the time they hit the printers. In the blogsphere, there are people who seem to be able to pick and choose between all of these. Power to them, but there is not a great consensus on what is best this week. If there is some canonical book that covers an end-to-end process with best practices - please, I'd like to know. :) But I started thinking about how this works in the Plone community. Im sure new users feel a bit overwhelemed, and that we could do things to make it easier for them. However, based on own experiences from when I first played with Plone, it wasn't nearly so bad: Plone is there, you can touch it and feel it and play with things to see how they break. Python is terse and readable. Although Java kicks our ass on API docs, it's easier to follow the actual code since the .py files are all there and legible. I learn best by example. Like most people, I started with a few copies of some page templates and later some Archetypes classes. That meant I could get results very quickly. Plone let me worry about my application and not think about security, user management, URL dispatch etc. Of course, I'm comparing apples to oranges here. Plone is a CMS and a platform for CMS-like systems. J2EE is much wider in scope. However, my application is not so unique - I need forms, page flow logic and database queries. Maybe one day some CRUD logic, and a few pages of text. Obviously, this is all in the terriotory of that infamous Better Web App video, and the cliche exodus of Java coders to Ruby-on-Rails. Fair enough, but I'd like to think that it's not impossible to be productive and feel in control of a Java-based solution. This is often a question of skills (people learn Java in school), of prior investment (people have been trained in Java already), of back-end systems (that already run in Java), and of trust (for business-critical components that may feasibly need a web front-end). I refuse to believe that just because Java is strongly typed and compiled, this can't be done right. So most likely I just haven't discovered that framework yet. However, there is another argument - Java is great for the middle tier, but less productive for the front end. Perhaps we should put more time into finding a bearable way of defining service layers that would let you build your user management and GUI in Plone or Django or Rails and let actual business processes take place in Java beans or EJBs. At least I think that separation would make a lot of decision makers more comfortable - Hibernate, EJB, Oracle (or Postgres) on the back-end, sexy GUI app on the front end that is infinitely more dispsable and lower risk, and is more likely to be what users want if it is written in a framework that encourages agile and rapid development. It may even help to ensure that the middle/back-end business objects are completely decoupled from the GUI and facilitate SOA. Pipe dreams. Anyone got a good Java book to recommend? I'm not quite sure why it's called Java Server Faces - perhaps beacuse it makes my server a two-faced liar - but they're here. Specifically, we're using JSF with Tomcat and Apache MyFaces and whatever versions of the JSF API that Maven decided to pull down today (I think we're on 1.1). Now, I don't have the time to read a few books on the subject, so I'm feeling a bit ignorant and inadequate. That feeling, however, is amplified many-fold by the fact that I am unable to step through most of the code that's not behaving the way I expected. Perhaps I could get there by downloading big tarballs and configuring source attachments in Eclipse, but I worry this may be a big black hole and I'm reluctant. The balance of JAR files being managed in my IDE and deployed in various cases is already quite precarious, so I don't want to upset it. The second thing I miss desperately is pdb's (the python debugger) interactive prompt. Some things are definitely not working the way I expect. I can get some way with the Eclipse debugger and watch expressions, but it's cumbersome and slow. Thirdly, my productivity is hampered by the constant re-compiles. Every time I change something, even a template, I'm recompiling and re-deploying to my local Tomcat instance. It's possible that I could find a way to edit templates in-place in the exploded .war file in Tomcat, or hot-replace them at least, but the only way I knew to do that was with MyEclipse and it doesn't like my Java Facelets templates. This is not made better by the fact that we have three dependent projects. I have to a dance in Eclipse and Maven that involves 'mvn clean install' on a dependent project, cleaning code in Eclipse, and then re-deploying the project. I just lost nearly an hour pulling my hair out writing banal tests when it turned out that Tomcat wasn't executing the code that was being shown in my debugger. Meanwhile, this blog post has formed whilst I'm waiting for things to re-compile. Each time, my distraction period grows a bit longer, and my productivity dips a bit further. Lastly (for now) there is way, way too much magic going on with JSF components. As far as I can tell, every form button is actually managed by a generated snippet of inline JavaScript. This (or something else) is managing some state that persists across Tomcat restarts, which sometimes is persisting the component tree (i.e. the tree of JSF components, which is formed by XML tags in various nanespaces, interleaved in non-obvious ways with the DOM of page itself). Sometimes, I get bizarre errors because some remnant of the page from half an hour ago is still being processed. Sometimes, not reliably reproduceable. The only way I've found to reliably test my code is to close down my browser completely and then re-open it after each re-compile/server re-start. Joy. Further, sometimes the state appears to be saved but it's not - when I click a certain button which has a client-side handler (which is hooked up to a method on a bean by way of some magic expressions) but which aims to stay at the current page after processing, the UI shows form controls with values still entered, but they are magically lost when I click another form button causing an empty form to be submitted. Oh - and sometimes the first command link (think an &lt;a&gt; tag, except it's actually handled with some inline JavaScript on an onclick event and bound into the JSF dispatch machinery) that I click immediately after the application is started leads to a blank page being rendered (something about a phase of the component tree rendering not being ready, I read somewhere), and I have to re-load it to see anything. I'm sure I'm just ignorant and that there are better ways of going about all of this, but I've spent as much time as I can afford with books and Google, and now I just need to get some work done. I'm patching together working practices that feel inferior and clumsy, but basically work. Luckily, this application is small, so there's not that much to do. But it doesn't feel particularly elegant. (/me wants a view and a few adapters) Please refrain from pointing and laughing, but if you have some useful tips, I'm all ears. I really should know better than to post this. Really. Please, don't start a big flame war. But, I peer over the fence from time to time skim through some tutorials and demos on Ruby and Ruby-on-Rails in particular, and one of the things that puts me off it (aside from the sunk cost of my Python knowledge and the fact that my favourite open source CMS project uses Python), is that ... it's so ... ugly. I have an in-built aversion to blocks that end with an end keyword. Call it prejudice. I once learnt Visual Basic. Maybe that's it, but there are also lots of strange symbols flying about. $`? If someone has seen the beauty in Ruby, please enlighten me. I genuinely believe that code asthetics are important in motivating programmers, ensuring consistency, catching mistakes and ultimately producing better software. Of course this is totally subjective. But some good examplse of elegance and aesthetics would be nice. One of the interesting fallouts from the recent discussions about Nuxeo moving CPS over to Java in the future, is whether relying on tools like IDEs is legitimate, and indeed whether this is just excuse-making for the deficiencies of a language. I'd argue that it doesn't matter. Whether you call it a language or a tool is largely moot. We don't edit Python in ed, we use vim or Emacs or TextMate (sensible people use the latter). Some languages are complemented well by tools, others have less need for them, and some just don't have very good tools available. The important metric is how efficient you are within your working environment, taken as a whole to include your language, your framework and your full toolchain. Therefore, the learning curve = the language + the tool . If getting the tools set up is going to take you a long time, you lose productivity. Eclipse is fairly easy going. Some of the plug-ins are a pain to get and install, others are a breeze. But move down one level, and it can become a pain to manage builds with Maven (which is very powerful but can also be very complex when you step outside the box a little) or Ant (which is not that complicated, but requires a fair bit of manual work). I know companies that invest two weeks of a team's time just to get the build environment set up and configured right, which surely is wrong. And secondly - when the tool does the wrong thing, you probably still need to understand what's going on. That complexity that the tool was hiding is rarely hidden completely, forever, because at some point your tool doesn't yet support the thing you need to do. And in many cases, the tool then expects to manage your source code in its own way and either stomps on your changes or breaks utterly. Good tool design, it seems, is not much easier than good language design. There are still some things I miss in my current, very minimal Python set-up (consisting of Python, Terminal.app, TextMate, Firefox, FireBug), such as code-completion and support for refactoring by finding and modifying code that needs changing because I renamed a function or moved it up or down the inheritance hierachy. But in most cases, Python is high-level enough that the tools I need are in the language itself, saving me from having to learn a whole new tool. And in the meantime, I just love doing this: $ cd Products $ mate CMFPlone CMFCore CMFDefault ATContentTypes This opens TextMate with all those directories in a project, and I can grep (Cmd+Shift+F), edit, read, svn (Ctrl+Shift+A), add and remove files and do everything else I need. The alternative is to start Eclipse, find the right workspace, and add the particular folder to a project (or open an existing one). Thanks, but by the time Eclipse has loaded, I'm already onto my next task. :) I'm going to argue out of ignorance. I am not nearly as close to the Nuxeo guys as I am to many other Zope people, and I don't have very much direct experience with CPS at all. However, I want to speculate a bit about the recent announcement that Nuxeo 5 (which is basically the evolution from CPS 4) will be 100% J2EE, in light of some realities that are abundantly clear at my existing employer. CPS always felt a bit reclusive in the Zope world. Florent, Leonnart, Jean-Marc and Tariq (I probably spelled half of those wrong) were visible in the Zope 2, CMF and Five spheres, and I really like them and their work. However, CPS itself was (is) one of things that we often thought, "oh, it's really powerful and good" but never really used. Maybe it's because I don't speak French. Maybe it's because I'm addicted to the Plone community. But CPS was (is) Nuxeo's baby and business model. Which is perfectly, perfectly fine (and it's still fully open source, as will Nuxeo 5 be). Florent and Leonnart in particular contributed tons to CMF, Five and other parts of the stack. But it's these contributions we'll miss (presuming they stop, which I hope they don't), not the CPS-specific Zope technology that we never much re-used (or got around to looking at, perhaps). I've been doing some J2EE work lately. There are things that are quite good about it, and there are things that are not. The Nuxeo 5 FAQ says that Java can be pleasurable with the right tool support. Maybe, but I can count on all my hands and toes the number of hours I've lost to trying to get the build system to play ball, configuring various tools and plug-ins, and debugging strange errors in non-readable code. I'm sure it'd be much better if I worked with Java day in, day out, got tons of training and had it all laid out for me by a standard build that some soul had spent months setting up and testing. At my employer, that'll never be the reality. I have some particular beef with JSF (Java Server Faces). It may be the best Java's got for web UI, but it's still painfully slow and often unpredictable (I see some component tree state caches that don't invalidate properly, for example). It does not play well with JSP at all. Java Facelets help, and even have METAL-style macros, but don't even think of showing a complex JSF-based UI to a web designer. It's hard to know where the line between HTML and JSF components go, and JSF components still involve writing HTML to an output stream with Java code (they say they're working on it). I'm sure I just don't understand it, but I have seen supposedly cutting-edge JSF work (in Alfresco), and it's still awkard (single templates having a myriad of responsibilities). The reason that I don't understand it because the stack is a mile high. JSF builds on JSP builds on servlets builds on streams builds on ... EJBs are just scary. Hibernate is quite good, actually, but I found it hard to debug. I'm quite quick at picking up new technologies, but the amount of technologies I have to understand to be productive is so large. I really wanted to use Spring, but that was another book to read. Again, if I did it day in day out and could affort to take a month on a training course or two, I'd probably do fine, but it's not the reality. Will Nuxeo's programmers be happier with Java? Perhaps so, it may fit their brains well. They may find that it pays back in terms of stability, predictability and scalability (I'm somewhat sceptical of those arguments). They will certainly find it easier to hire new, talented developers. But I can't help suspect that this has a lot to do with commercial realities. Alfresco has created a lot of noise off a product that's very, very impressive on paper and reasonably impressive on screen. It doesn't have anywhere near Plone's customisation/application-building story, for example. But if you read the spec list, it includes things like JSR170 and JSR168. Java standards (supposedly) for content storage and portlets, respectively. It talks to Lucene and Hibernate and MyFaces and MySQL, it uses Spring. These are things that are often singled out as "best-of-breed" open source components. A digression... the Open Source in Java Enterprise world is bit of a parallel universe to the one we know in Zope and Plone. Different kinds of people hang out there. Investment comes from heavy-weights and Sun specification working groups. Apache/Jakarta are kings (and they have a lot of very, very impressive software)... end digession... But Gartner goes out and says, "demand JSR170 to avoid lock-in". The ZODB makes IT managers quiver (call it an object store, not a database, Matt Hammilton says). Butler says, "demand JSR168 to integrate your applications with your portal server". IBM tell you, maybe it'll even work. We have viewlets and component architectures that make those things seem like last year's fashion, but that isn't what people buying IT look for. And probably for good reason. They shouldn't invest their money in unproven solutions, hard-to-integrate platforms or dying products. It's often a lot of money on the table, and being conservative is often a good thing (whether they always get what the bought is another story). So, for Nuxeo, I'm sure that their clients will be very much more impressed if the 10 minute PowerPoint sales pitch includes a number of technologies they have heard about. It makes a lot of sense, especially since their stated target is the ECM sphere, and I'm guessing their customers have a lot of similar Java technologies already deployed. And I am really glad that there will be a credible alternative to Alfresco in the Java-based ECM/DMS market. As far as Plone is concerned, I think our edge will always be in flexibility and agility. I can do things with Plone much faster than I can with any other platform, and I can develop cleaner, better-tested components using Zope 3 technologies than any other platform I've ever seen. At the same time, people like Enfold are doing incredible things with integration, and Plone 3.0 should put us back on the innovation curve with exciting new tools and technologies. Mostly, I'm not worried because the Plone community is so vibrant, with so many cool people and such a lot of friendship. In open source, this is worth more than technology. But at the same time, I'm very eager to find out what Nuxeo's very talented developers will manage to come up with. Hopefully, I'll have a chance to sit down with them over a drink and get their experiences straight from the horse's mouth. Nuxeo.com/org have a commercial story to tell. I wish them the best of luck. Sometimes doing debugging through-the-web is unavoidable. Templates are a prime example - I just spent the better part of two hours trying to work out why my use of metal:macro was not playing ball with a Five browser view (hint: understand what macro you're actually calling...). Sometimes I also simply don't know enoug about how something works to write a reliable and more easily debuggable test, and some trial-and-error is needed. A few things can make it more bearable, though: Customise default_error_message . That is, go to portal_skins/plone_templates in the ZMI and customise this template. Remove the call to metal:use-macro="here/main_template/macros/main" . Why? Because rendering Plone's full 404 template takes a few seconds on my machine. For some reason, this template has always been dog slow. For debugging, all you care about is the error message. By not referencing main_template , you get a plain-text error message, which renders instantly. While you're at it, change &lt;dd translate="" content="structure err_value"&gt; to &gt;dd translate="" content="err_value"&gt; , removing the structure keyword. This gives you a plain-text error message, which will not hide thing slike in when the browser things its HTML. Add an external method with a pdb break point. e.g. I have Extensions/debug.py , which contains only: def debug(self): import pdb; pdb.set_trace() Then, either in the portal_skins/custom folder or just the root of the Plone site, add an External Method in the ZMI, with name debug-ex , module debug , method debug . With this in place, you can go to http://localhost:8080/Plone/foo/debug-ex . Make sure you run Zope in the foreground ( zopectl fg ). Your browser will hang, but on the console that you launched Zope, you will get a pdb session, where self refers to the current context (i.e. foo in the URL above). Here, you can do whatever you want, such as inspect the object or mutate it. Remember, you can import other code, call protected methods - do pretty much anything you can do on the interpreter shell. Type pp to pretty-print a variable or an expression. Type c and press Enter to get your browser back. If you're using a Five browser view with a template (either via the template argument to the ZCML directive or via an explicitly invoked ViewPageTemplateFile / ZopeTwoPageTemplateFile , remember that this does not have security assertions the way .pt files in portal_skins does. That is, you can do things like: tal:content="python:foo._secretVariable.__of__(context).aq_chain" So long as you're in debug mode, the you can reload the page and see the output of that statement. This is quite useful for trying things out and quick-inspecting variables. Be ruthless with pdb. Sometimes you are wondering how something works deep inside Zope. So long as you revert your changes afterwards, you can put a pdb statement almost anywhere. For example, whilst debugging a security problem, enable verbose-security in zope.conf and try to put a pdb statement in AccessControl.ImplPython.validate() . You'll have to restart Zope obviously for this to take effect... Interleave your work. Sometimes, you need to restart Zope. This is slow. :) Learn to do two things at once, e.g. work on improving tests for other parts of the code, writing new interfaces or updating documentation while Zope is restarting, or go help someone with their problems on #plone on IRC :) 
 Ada apa dengan pelayar web Opera 10.50? Hmm.. Opera kini muncul dengan versi stabil dan memperkenalkan beberapa fungsi yang baru. Antara fungsi yang baru pada pelayar web ini adalah sokongan HTML5 dan CSS3. Opera 10.50 dikatakan sebagai pelayar web terpantas di dunia pada masa kini kerana menggunakan enjin Javascript yang baru iaitu Carakan . Buat masa ini pelayar web Opera 10.50 hanya sedia untuk dimuat-turun oleh para pengguna Windows sahaja. Bagi pengguna Mac dan Linux terpaksalah tunggu dulu. Download pelayar web Opera 10.50 sekarang dan cuba korang bandingkan dengan Chrome dan Mozilla.. p/s: setakat nih aku Chrome masih jadi web browser yang paling aku suka~ Mozilla Firefox pulak slalu crash kat pc aku..:( Aku baru perasan yang google chrome nih ade task manager. Very cool! Kalo nak tengok task manager google chrome gunakan kombinasi Shift + Esc untuk windows..kalo OS lain aku xpasti~ stat for nerd? hehe.. Microsoft baru sahaja melancarkan Windows Phone 7 Series hari nih. In this video, NVIDIA speaks to scientists at Temple University who are using GPUs to model "surfactants". Surfactants are biological agents that attach themselves to dirt, make it mix with water and determine the cleaning capacity and texture of shampoos, laundry detergents, and many other cleaning products. Cheapest super computer in the world!! Dibina oleh seorang professor di Jepun menggunakan komponen komputer biasa yang senang didapati dari kedai komputer. Orang malaysia bila lagi nak wat menda camnih? hehe.. Aku baru jer test Google Chrome OS dalam virtual box ku..puas hati, sebab selama nih aku asyik dengar je pasal OS nih tapi xpernah ada kesempatan mencubanya.Ini merupakan screenshoot yang ku ambil semalam...klik pada image untuk gambar yg lebih besar. Anda baru sahaja install Ubuntu di dalam PC anda. Tetapi kemudian anda menyedari, di mana kah root password anda? Bagaimana hendak log in sebagai root? Misteri yang menyelebungi kebanyakan pengguna baru-adakah anda tidak set password root semasa mula2 proses installation? The root user - atau lebih dikenali sebagai superuser adalah pengguna Ubuntu dan Unix yang mempunyai kuasa administrator penuh (full access) terhadap sistem operasi. Pengguna biasa tidak di galakkan menggunakan root semasa melakukan arahan biasa kerana sebarang kesilapan command boleh merosakkan sistem. Ubuntu dan root password. Secara default, akaun root telah dikunci di dalam Ubuntu. Anda tidak boleh login sebagai root atau menggunakan command su - untuk menjadi superuser. Jadi untuk melaksanakan sebarang arahan anda mestilah menggunakan arahan sudo. Tips: Jika malas untuk menaip sudo pada setiap kali untuk melaksanakan command, gunakan command di bawah. $ sudo -i Arahan di atas akan mengaktifkan /bin/bash sebagai root shell. Jadi anda boleh menggunakan arahan tanpa memerlukan arahan sudo. How do I login as root user? Buka terminal dan taipkan arahan seperti dibawah $ sudo bash ataupun $ sudo -s masukkan password anda dan anda boleh menjadi root user! 
 Lately I've been talking to random strangers on the street. Just to get their story, sorta briefly find out who they are. I like to take interest in people's lives. Even strangers. I'm sorry to say, that I didn't talk to this man. At least I took his picture though. &nbsp; In any case, I think it's important to show people that you care about them by simply asking how they are or just listening to what they have to say when they speak. I mean, I don't expect anyone of you to walk up to strangers, lol. I'm just weird like that. But I mean, at least talk to your friends/family. Check up on them. They'll feel good, you'll feel good. And when that happens....well, life is just good. And that can't be bad, because it's good, right? Well anyway. It's Sunday. Have a good week everyone. BUT WAIT, ONE MORE THING. If you like my blog, then I'm sure that you'll like.... Claire au Vietnam xynthian through the looking glass. I thought it looked cool. It didn't come out exactly the way I wanted though. But I still like it. Do you? Although Newark had their protest against education budget cuts yesterday, the rest of California school districts had theirs today. Here are some pictures from Fremont Unified School District's protest that took place on Mowry ave/Fremont blvd. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; California schools are protesting the statewide budget cuts that are being made to education as of late. The protests are being organized by the California Teacher's Association (CTA) . This afternoon Newark Memorial high school of Newark, California had their protest. Students and staff walked down Cedar blvd, getting the praise of many in the forms of honks and enthusiastic shouts. At the time of this post, the protest is still going on. But I rushed home so I could post the pictures that I took. You all know me. ;] &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Nikon F601m/N6000 Fujifilm Superia X-TRA 400 Vivtar 35-105mm f/3.5 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; I really should invest in a better scanner. Whaddya guys think? Any suggestions? Nikon F601m/N6000 Fujifilm Superia X-TRA 400 Vivtar 35-105mm f/3.5 Enjoy! By the way, you guys should check the following people out: 1. Ross Murphy @ Images in Light 2. Whole Wheat Toast @ The Toasted Blog 3. Carletta @ Carletta's Captures Thanks, and have a great Sunday everyone. Shot in verryyy low light. And I have a bad scanner. Nikon F601m/N6000 Fujifilm Superia X-TRA 400.&nbsp; That's what it is. There's not much else to say. Except that I like worms. They're uhhh- cute. I remember when I had to dissect them in..... 7th grade. I felt bad. It's too bad the autofocus on my digital point and shoot won't allow better focusing than this.&nbsp; 
Wow, it's been awhile since I've blogged. I had previously posted a couple of messages on here about some of the personal upheaval that's kept me away from the puppetry intrawebs for so long. I'm somewhat reluctant to discuss my personal life and circumstances in a public forum like this - if anything recent events have taught me to never, ever do that again - but suffice to say I had a number of deaths and serious illnesses among my family and friends including the passing of my father and the combination of natural grief and dealing with all the mundane things you have to deal with when people die or are ill kept me away and distracted. I owe an especially big apology to everyone who enrolled in the Puppet Building 101 course (see previous post ) I was running at the beginning of the summer. Circumstances forced me to postpone the course after it started by a few weeks, then until the Fall and finally to cancel it outright because changes in my personal and professional responsibilities just don't allow me the time to do it. Refunds to everyone who enrolled were held up because of some PayPal-related snafus, but I'm relieved to say that the last of them were issued this week. Now it's come to my attention recently that there was some particularly nasty chat about this on at least one other puppetry website. I haven't really been online much for several months and the relevant threads seem to have now been deleted by moderators, but this flame war seemed to escalate last week to the point where certain individuals (well, ok, mainly one individual) who had been enrolled in the course wase harassing and beginning to cyberstalk other members of the online puppetry community. I certainly can understand people being upset and frustrated about Puppet Building 101, but I'm baffled as to why someone seems to be taking that out on folks who have nothing to do with the situation. I am not going to name names, but this person knows who they are and would like to appeal to them to come to their senses and stop this. You are only going to end up hurting yourself and not the person you're mad at (me). I do want to take this opportunity to publicly and sincerely apologise to anyone who was enrolled for the cancellation as well as any inconvenience and frustration the long, drawn-out situation caused. Although the circumstances were largely out of my control, I wish I had been able to deal with the situation in a more prompt manner. I've spent a long time building up a lot of goodwill with this little ol' blog here and it's unfortunate that it has become tainted by the fallout from my Summer from Hell. So to the two dozen or so people who were affected, please accept my unconditional apology. I hope I can find a way to make it up to you in the future. Sorry for the lack of recent updates. I've recently been occupied by a family emergency and updates may be few and far between over the summer as a result. If you're enrolled in the Puppet Building 101 course, it's been placed on hold until July 13th, at which point it will resume. I have no definite future plans right now, but things will probably return to normal sometime around late August or early September. Thanks for your understanding. Kathy Danley made a short video featuring an adorable Sock Zombie. Remember Erin Glaser's Sock Zombies ? Well, Kathy Danley went and made a short film with one of them! You can watch Sock Zombie "doing the dating thing" on YouTube . Jay ThePal (and Kay ThePal) seem to be popping up all over social media lately. It took me a little while to figure out what was up with Jay ThePal , a puppet character that seemed to start popping up all over every social media website that you can think of lately. I think I first saw him (along with Kay ThePal) when they gave me a shout-out on 12seconds.tv , which is sort of Twitter for video. Jay ThePal is one of those FAO Schwartz "Whatnot" Muppet puppets and seems to be a sort of puppetry experiment that's happening all over the web ( Twitter , YouTube , 12seconds , etc.). It's a little difficult to get a handle on the whole project or where it's going, but it's very interesting to watch how people are using puppetry to explore social media. Definitely something to keep an eye on. Puppetry students at the University of Hawaii re-create The Evolution of Dance with a puppet. I love Bunraku-style puppetry, so I really enjoyed seeing A Study of Movement (The Evolution of Dance) , a final project for a puppetry class at the University of Hawaii inspired by the famous YouTube viral video . Paul recently did a great post on his blog about Jim Henson's early commercial spots and how that could be a successful advertising model today. I think he's absolutely right; his post reminds me of one I wrote a couple years ago called Using Puppets To Pay The Bills . The 30 second pre-roll ad is almost universally hated. The web is a new medium that we're still in early stages of exploring. The people who really "break through" and define it will be the ones who figure out new ways of telling stories and develop new (old?) ways of thinking about advertising and sponsorship. Dan Stevers creates Christian-themed motion graphics. Over the past month or I've been watching and enjoying Dan Stevers ' Christian-themed motion graphics videos on Vimeo. Two of my favourites are The Light of the World and Life With God . Some of Dan's videos are artistic interpretations of Christian scripture , while others simply illustrate basic Christian principles . You can see all of Dan's videos on Vimeo . His work is available to purchase from Worship House Media . "OK" nicely combines puppetry and pop-up books. I know at least a couple puppeteers who love to make pop-up books. This music video from an unfortunately named band seems to combine those two interests very nicely. Via Mary Robinette Kowal . 
 Thomas Ford packed over 70 music lovers into our meeting room last Friday night, as the four-piece band Trillium performed for our Friday at the Ford concert series. As usual, the concert was presented by the Western Springs Library Friends , who also provided refreshments. It got a little warm in the room but it was a happy warm with many tapping feet. Because it was almost St. Patrick's Day, the band featured a number of tunes of Irish origin, but they also played bluegrass, American folk, and jazz. Every piece sent us in an enjoyable new direction. The audience seemed to appreciate the virtuosity. The band seemed to really like the attentive audience. The applause was hearty and there was a fairly brisk sale of CDs after the concert. Mim Eichmann (hammered dulcimer and vocals) said that the band enjoys playing at libraries and would like to get more jobs in the Chicago area. Biographies, sample music, and contact info can be found at their website . Throughout my career as a librarian, one activity that I have enjoyed is looking at picture in the middle of biographies and memoirs. They evoke in me a feeling similar to finding old pictures in a drawer in my mother's house. I can become transfixed. This can easily happen at the library when I find new books sitting on a cart right out of technical processing, when I am working on reference questions, or when I am weeding collections. I find myself gazing at the photos of the subjects in their youth, then doing whatever made them famous, and finally in old age. There is often more to see than just famous people - there are old clothes, old cars, and interesting locations. I am hooked by these glossy pages. At a recent book discussion, one of the club members said that her favorite thing about biographies were the pictures in the middle. I understood, but I was suddenly conscious of all the biographies that I have examined in the past three years that did not have picture-in-the-middle sections. I wondered why I had not thought about the change - if there really has been a change. So I decided to do a little investigating. I have been looking at many biographies published in 2009 anyway, so I created a spreadsheet to keep track of how these books deal with pictures. I used only third person biographies for the study, no memoirs. I discovered two common ways to use pictures in biographies: 1) group pictures into inserted sections, often on glossy paper, or 2) distribute the pictures throughout the text with no glossy paper. There are two other less common ways to use pictures: 3) insert a single picture on glossy paper with a blank back in a few strategic spots in a book (common a hundred years ago), or 4) fill the books with photos and minimal text. The fourth method really makes a different type of book, a photobiography. Looking at 66 biographies from 2009, I found: 40 books (61 %) with inserted picture sections 20 books (30 %) with pictures spread throughout the text 2 books (3 %) with single inserted pages 2 books were photobiographies (3 %) 4 books had no illustrations (6 %) This adds to more than 100 % because Tom and Jack: The Intertwined Lives of Thomas Hart Benton and Jackson Pollock by Henry Adams had both a color insert section and black-and-white photos distributed through the text, while Rehnquist by Herman J. Obermayer had both distributed photos as well a few single page/single photo inserts on glossy paper. Seeing that more than half of the biographies still had picture sections in the middle, I wondered if I had really been right in thinking there were more in the past. I decided to go back twenty years and look at biographies from 1989. At the Downers Grove Public Library in Illinois, I was able to find 46 biographies published in 1989: 36 book (79 %) had picture sections 6 books (13 %) had pictures spread through the text 1 book (2 %) had no photos 4 books were photobiographies (8 %) Again, the total is greater than 100 % because Mozart: The Golden Years by H.C. Robbins Landon had both color illustrations in an inserted section as well as black and white illustrations throughout the text. My sample size may not be large enough to be definitive, but it appears to me that there has been a shift in the way biographies include photos. The method that has gained popularity is incorporating pictures into the text, but separate picture sections are still found in more than half of today's biographies. It will be interesting to see if the trend continues with more emphasis on reducing printing costs. Glossy sections must cost more, and digital publishing makes it easier to insert photos into the text. For now we should enjoy looking at six to twelve glossy photo-rich pages in the middle of the book while we can. For those wanting to check my math, here are the books: 2009 Biographies With Insert Sections Aces High: The Heroic Saga of the Two Top-Scoring Aces of World War II Ayn Rand and the World She Made Bad Girls Go Everywhere: The Life of Helen Gurley Brown Barack and Michelle Bowie Butcher: Anatomy of a Mafia Psychopath Cheever: A Life Dangerously Funny: The Uncensored Story of the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour Elizabeth Cady Stanton Eureka Man Fiery Peace in a Cold War: Bernard Schreiver and the Ultimate Weapon First Tycoon Flannery: A Life of Flannery O'Connor Haunted Heart: The Life and Times of Stephen King Heroes &amp; Villains: Inside the Minds of the Greatest Warriors in History How to Be a Movie Star: Elizabeth Taylor in Hollywood Last Man Standing: The Ascent of James Dimon and JPMorgan Chase Last of His Kind LeMay: The Life and Wars of General Curtis LeMay Molly Ivins: A Rebel's Life Munson: The Life and Death of a Yankee Captain Neverland: J.M. Barrie, the Du Mauriers, and the Dark Side of Peter Pan Paul McCartney: A Life Pink Lady: The Many Lives of Helen Gahagan Douglas Poe: A Life Cut Short Raymond Carver: A Writer's Life Secret Life of Marilyn Monroe Stormy Weather: The Life of Lena Horne Strange Eventful History: Ellen Terry, Henry Irving… Strangest Man Talented Miss Highsmith: The Secret Life and Serious Art of Patricia Highsmith Trotsky: A Biography Unmasked: Final Years of Michael Jackson Wildflower: An Extraordinary Life and Untimely Death in Africa Woman Behind the New Deal: The Life of Franes Perkins, FDR's Secretary of Labor and His Moral Conscience Ballad of Dorothy Wordsworth Lady Queen: The Notorious Reign of Joanna I Mistress of the Monarchy: The Life of Katherine Swynford, Duchess of Lancaster Secret Life of Louis XIV Tom and Jack: The Intertwined Lives of Thomas Hart Benton and Jackson Pollock With Photos Spread Through Text Blue Hour: A Life of Jean Rhys Bolter Civil War Wives Dostoevsky: A Writer in His Time Egg on Mao: The Story of an Ordinary Man Who Defaced and Icon and Unmasked a Dictatorship Evelyn Brent: The Life and Films of Hollywood's Lady Crook Garden of Invention: Luther Burbank and the Business of Breeding Plants Grace Hopper and the Invention of the Information Age Jacques Cousteau Joseph II Love Pirate and the Bandit's Son Most Evil: Avenger, Zodiac, and the Further Serial Murders of Dr. George Hill Hodel Mrs. Lincoln: A Life Pops: A Life of Louis Armstrong Rehnquist Sisters of the Sinai: How Two Lady Adventurers Discovered the Hidden Gospels Scandals U.S. Grant: American Hero, American Myth Up from History: The Life of Booker T. Washington Wilderness Warrior: Theodore Roosevelt and the Crusade for America Single Page Inserts Beyond the Miracle Worker Rehnquist Photobiographies Amelia Earhart: The Thrill of It Great and Only Barnum No Photos Anne Frank: The Book, The Life, The Afterlife Louisa May Alcott The Match King: Ivar Kreuger, the Financial Genius Behind a Century of Wall Street Scandals Thoreau You Don't Know 1989 Biographies With Insert Sections Bad Intentions: The Mike Tyson Story Bennie Goodman and the Swing Era The Benny Hill Story The Bridesmaids: Grace Kelly, Princess of Monaco, and Six Intimate Friends Cary Grant: The Lonely Heart Catherine the Great: Life and Legend Dale Carnegie: The Man Who Influenced Millions Dracula: Prince of Many Faces: His Life and Times Dylan: A Biography Fred Allen: His Life and Wit George Bush: An Intimate Portrait Georgia O'Keeffe: A Life Grand Obsession: Madame Curie and Her World He's a Rebel (about Phil Spector) Hitler: The Path to Power The Hustons If This Was Happiness: A Biography of Rita Hayworth Iron Lady: A Biography of Margaret Thatcher Knight of the Night: The Life of Johnny Carson (not glossy paper) The Landry Legend Lawrence of Arabia: The Authorized Biography Life and Death of Andy Warhol Linus Pauling: A Man and His Science Mary Pickford: America's Sweetheart Misha: The Mikhail Baryshnikov Story Mozart: The Golden Years No Name on the Bullet: A Biography of Audie Murphy The Princess and the Duchess The Quest for El Cid Royalty Revealed (about the Windsors) The Secrets of Houdini Sheens: Martin, Charlie, and Emilio Estevez The Sound of Wings: The Life of Amelia Earhart Stanny: The Gilded Life of Stanford White Stonewall Jackson: Portrait of a Soldier W.C. Fields: His Follies and Fortunes With Photos Spread Through Text The Bishop's Boys: A Life of Wilbur and Orville Wright Harold, the People's Mayor Jane Addams Louise Brooks Luther: Man Between God and the Devil Mozart: The Golden Years Photobiographies Andrew Lloyd Webber Bruce Lee Story Rasputan: Rascal Master The Vanderbilts No Photos The Borgias "Indeed your words are few but I have made them many by rereading them." Abelard to Heloise In medieval Paris for about two years around 1115 to 1116, the philosopher Peter Abelard and his student Heloise became impassioned lovers. Abelard even sweet-talked his way into residency in Heloise's uncle's compound to more easily continue the secret affair. (Uncle Fulbert was her guardian.) Even in such close proximity, the couple wrote each other daily letters (in Latin which the letter carrier could not read) praising their love. Amazingly, some of these letters which were lost for nearly 900 years were identified in the 1990s. Using these and the better known letters the couple wrote long after their affair, James Burge has written Heloise &amp; Abelard: A New Biography . Readers get a sense of both these remarkable people in this intimate dual biography. Abelard was a brilliant academic who believed fervently in logic. He was able to win almost any debate. What he lacked was any tact and an ability to curb his own arrogance. He needlessly made many jealous enemies, lost many teaching positions, and was often charged as a hertic. When Heloise's uncle discovered the betrayal of his hospitality and that Heloise was pregnant, the old man was livid. Abelard married Heloise, took her to Brittany out of the uncle's reach, and returned to teach in Paris. When his guard was down, Abelard was attacked in his bed and castrated by the uncle's men. Heloise was one of Abelard's best student, grasping complex philosophical ideas and a master of languages. Her origins are not certain. She may have been the illegitimate daughter of a nun. After Abelard's castratation and his becoming a monk, she became a nun, eventually becoming the much honored abbess of an order. In this book, I think Heloise outshines Abelard. He was really too devoted to himself and always needed someone to defend him. She fended for herself quite well. I most like that she refused to ever bow to Abelard's request that she feel remorseful for their joint "sin." She enjoyed the "sin" and would always love Abelard. Readers of Heloise &amp; Abelard: A New Biography also learn quite a bit about twelfth century church controversies and French history. Eleanore of Aquitaine even show up at the end of the story. I recommend the book to history and biography readers. Burge, James. Heloise &amp; Abelard: A New Biography . HarperSanFrancisco, 2003. ISBN 0060736631. We are breaking with our past at Thomas Ford. One thing that you could always count on was that the reference books were here on the shelves. As good as that was in the past, the problem now is that the reference books are here on the shelves, but no one is here using them. They are just sitting. So we are liberating them. We're going to let them out to anyone with a card, just like other books, magazines, CDs, and DVDs. The one precedent here is the liberating of the magazines a couple of decades ago. We used to keep the magazines close for all the students doing reports and term papers. We now have online databases with full texts, and those days are long gone. Finally, it is time to free the reference books as well. Our Adult Services librarians have spent several weeks preparing to let reference books circulate. With Sandy Frank's assistance (she's the head of the circulation department), we have inventoried the collection, weeded out-of-date and worn-out materials, and changed the circulation system status for each record. The work is done and we are starting a quiet launch while we prepare marketing. Here are reasons for this new service: Use of reference books in the library has fallen off significantly in the past several years. Librarians with access to online resources are using the print reference items less frequently. Fewer clients are spotted using reference books. We reshelve reference books less often. The reference shelves rarely need straightening. Clients occasionally ask to borrow the reference books so they can use them at home or work. Much of the information in the reference books is available to us though our databases. Reference librarians will still have resources to answer questions. With less money to buy nonfiction books this year, it provides more items to loan students and other clients interested in nonfiction topics. Other libraries have begun to loan their reference books. Meetings at the 2009 ALA Conference in Chicago and posts on the Booklist blog Points of Referenc e have discussed the new trend. The primary objection I have heard is "What if a book from a set doesn't return, isn't the set ruined?" This is a possibility, maybe even a probability in time. Still having books sit idle seems a greater sorrow in a public library focused on current utility and not archival conservation. I think the greater good will be served by this service. I look froward to seeing some smiles when I let someone take a volume of Contemporary Literary Criticism or The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians . We do not expect a rush of people coming for the reference books right away, but we hope for steady use. Maybe this liberation will even revive the section and make reference books worth buying again. Ann Nixon Cooper died at age 107 in Atlanta in December 2009, just before her book A Century and Some Change: My Life Before the President Called My Name was published. The positive view of her death is that she finished the book in time before she departed, and that she had had enough of the fame that being mentioned for voting for presidential candidate Barack Obama had brought her. She had already lived a full life. She did not die too soon. Hers was a life to celebrate for its goodness. In some ways, Cooper's life was fairly ordinary and not really bookworthy unless we are all bookworthy as representatives of our time. What singled her out was vitality at an advanced age and living an affluent life (though never conspicuous) in the black community of Atlanta through the days of Jim Crow and the Civil Rights Movement. She served as a witness to the great talents and work ethic of blacks when white culture was denying that blacks were equal. Filled with photos as well as Cooper's memories, contemporary readers see and hear in A Century and Some Change how the families of black professionals could have nice houses, send their children to good schools, know powerful people, and yet still be expected to step to the side of a sidewalk to let whites pass or sit in the back of the bus. A Century and Some Change celebrates the good more than regrets the bad. It is a thoughtful book that may be quickly read. I recommend it for older readers wanting to remember the past and younger readers needing to know about segregation and forgiveness. Cooper, Ann Nixon. A Century and Some Change: My Life Before the President Called My Name . Atria Books, 2010. ISBN 9781439158876. Agatha Christie's daughter Rosland Hicks gave Greenway, her mother's Devon country home, to Great Britain's National Trust in 2000. Within a few quick years, the grounds and gardens with their beautiful views of the River Dart were open to the public, and in 2009, after a few longer years of restoration and decorating with original furniture, the house itself was opened for Christie fans to see. According to author Hilary Macaskill in her book Agatha Christie at Home , Greenway is now a prime stop in the increasingly popular tour of Agatha Christie sites in England. In her new book, Macaskill takes readers on a broader tour to places Christie lived, including London, seaports, and villages across England, telling a little bit about the mystery writer's life and pointing out locations used in Christie's popular stories. An attractive mixture of archived and current photographs supplements the brief text. Some show Christie picnicking, repainting a mantelpiece, and entertaining guests in her various homes. Others show lush landscapes and well-tended gardens. Readers see throughout that Christie liked good comfortable accommodations, beyond the means of people without bestselling book income, without ever being ostentatious. Overall, Agatha Christie at Home is a light treatment of the writer's life, not enough to satisfy a student needing in-depth information, but enough to persuade fans to add locations to their English travel plans. With Christie's books continuing to be read and new productions appearing on public television, it should interest readers in many libraries. Macaskill, Hilary. Agatha Christie at Home . Frances Lincoln Limited, 2009. ISBN 9780711230293. After watching a film, members of our film discussion group at my library usually first say what they like about a movie, whether that be the acting, music, or cinematography. We then move on to issues that the film develops. After seeing For My Father , an Israeli/German film about a reluctant suicide bomber, however, we needed a period to just try to figure out what we just saw. Many of us had questions. Why was Tarek on this suicide mission when he seemed to disapprove of the idea? What hold did the terrorists have over his family? Why did the fix-it man give him a new electrical switch if he suspected Tarek's mission? How did Tarek get into Tel Aviv so easily if their was such a high security alert? What attraction was there between Tarek and the shopkeeper Keren? Why didn't the vest with the explosives seem bulkier under Tarek's jacket? Why did none of Keren's friends show up for the party on the beach? If there was such a high security alert were there no police on the beach? The discussion did eventually turn to issues. We were generally sympathetic to the plight of both Israeli and Palestinian common people caught in the middle of senseless violence. We thought that was the general intent of For My Father . However, I wonder whether having an atypical bomber was as enlightening as having a typical bomber who believed in his/her cause would have been. Then we might really have had something to discuss. Instead, the director took a rather Hollywood approach - lots of good guys and bad guys, insert a romance between two attractive young people, and create a deadline for the action. For My Father was nominated for seven awards from the Israeli Academy, but it did not win any of them. It also won several film festival awards. With the hype, I expected more. For My Father . RB Media, 2009. ISBN 9781440784316. As hard as it may now seem to imagine, the modern state of Liberia was considered a great African success story as late as the 1970s. Anyone who looked closely enough at that time would have seen the great inequities and built up anger among the poor, but most of the world never looked past the facade of the wealthy upper class. At the top of the social structure were descendants of free blacks from America, who moved to the western coast of Africa in the nineteenth century. Helene Cooper's family belonged to that class. She tells about her family and the revolution that changed their lives in her memoir The House at Sugar Beach: In Search of a Lost African Childhood . Fascinated by the details, I listened to Cooper read her own book. To my surprise, her younger years seemed very American, as she and her classmates lived in suburbs filled with new ranch and split-level houses. Many had video recorders with which to watch American television programs sent to them by relatives in the United States. They even ate American snack foods. Somewhat to Cooper's dismay, her family bought an isolated mansion on a beach far from all her friends. Every child got her own bedroom, but there were no friends to visit them. (Here's where the story strays from those of American children.) So her family adopted a poor girl to be Helene's similar-age sister. It was a very upper class Liberian thing to do. The girl was named Eunice, and she became a member of the family - except she did not get to go on vacations to Spain or attend the best school with Helene. Cooper's privileged life ended when Samuel Kanyon Doe led a bloody coup, killing President Tolbert. Rebel soldiers spread across the country killing, raping, and stealing. (I'm not going to spoil the plot, but Cooper has a very dramatic story to insert right here.) After a nail-biting month, she and her family (without Eunice) escaped to America, starting Cooper's long-distance-but-never-out-of-mind relationship to her self-destructing country. She eventually graduated from college and became a foreign correspondent for the Wall Street Journal . The story of Liberia is very sad and can be very disturbing reading. Cooper does not avoid telling about despicable acts, but she also does not dwell on them. While telling some of the country's history, she is mostly interested in the fate of individuals. Readers will notice that Cooper has a slow political awakening, but she never really breaks with the class of her birth. Her unstated feelings are probably still conflicted, aware that her ancestors exploited the poorer classes, but she is still unforgiving toward the violent, unruly people who tore her country apart. The House at Sugar Beach is good reading. Cooper, Helene. The House at Sugar Beach: In Search of a Lost African Childhood . Recorded Books, 2008. ISBN 9781436164412 
 Subtitle: Small Worlds and the Groundbreaking Science of Networks I am fascinated by networks. Certainly the social networking websites currently available are revealing in a less abstract manner how far our connections are really spread. The most rewarding aspect of joining these sites was the initial 30 minutes after having signed-up when you were quickly reconnected with ex-colleagues and long-forgotten high school acquaintances. From there it is mostly downhill and I am still amazed by those who find so many non-commercial ways to occupy their time posting, tweeting and chatting away. I spend little time on these sites and am becoming more and more skeptical that they will be able to retain their entertainment value (and massive subscriber growth) before being besieged by individuals and companies trying to push their products and services on you. A recent interview from a Pepsi marketing manager I unfortunately saw on CNN should give a clear indication of what is to come. Pepsi's desire to have a "conversation" with its customers does not bode well to those who find a large aspect of Facebook's appeal to be the limited advertisements pasted on its pages. However, I do confess to having a soft spot for LinkedIn. It has focused on the business community from day and is now evolving into a profitable company with a clear business model. By being a site catering to business users, it is somehow more justified to find ways to drive revenue - a luxury not necessarily granted to Facebook. LinkedIn is so great because it allows the users to really see the reach of their networks. By using the "people" search function on the site, I discover to have contacts in Madagascar, Saudi Arabia and Suriname and all of them are only one contact removed from me - meaning that they are connected to someone in my own 170-person network. 20 years ago these same networks existed but it was just much harder to visibly construct them. The premise of Nexus is that there is scientific evidence demonstrating how the network that links the six billion of us is not completely random in nature but actually has a certain structural configuration. The author then demonstrates how such network structures are not just relevant for human acquaintanceship. Buchanan introduces the argument by referring to a fascinating experiment conducted by the psychologist, Stanley Milgram in the 1960s. I was familiar with Milgram for the famous test that bears his name yet was unaware he was also credited what came to be know the "six-degrees of separation". In the Six-Degrees test, Milgram mailed at random letters to people living in Omaha, Nebraska and asked them to forward the letter to a stockbroker friend of his in Boston. He provided no address for the stockbroker but instead asked them to send it to someone who they believed to be "socially closer" to him than they were. Most of the letters made it to his friend as each subsequent recipient forwarded the letter to the next person applying the same request. The most surprising aspect was that it did not take hundreds of mailings but six. It was then the work of two other academics, Watts and Strogatz, who when further studying Milgram's test, found these six-degree connections to be neither orderly nor random but somewhere in between. These patterns took on an even greater significance when they started examining other types of networks such as electric power grids, human brain cells or the world wide web only to discover clear similarities in all of them. Before returning to the book, let's look at an example given by one of my professors, Dr. Karen Stephenson, during my graduate studies that should help in understanding how these networks are patterned: Think of the organization you work in. Most likely it has some type of hierarchical structure of management. Yet by looking at this pyramid, does it really show how the organization is networked together? It is true that the person at the top holds a lot of decision making power but it is certainly bound to be the case that individuals scattered throughout the ranks wield a disproportional amount of network power. These linchpins are the types of people you go to for questions, information or advice and most certainly others turn to them as well. If every person in the organization drew lines to each person they contacted throughout the day for a question or advice and then all of these drawing were compiled together, you would see a web-like structure emerge. In this web certain people would be crucial "hubs" as they would appear as being connected to a lot of other people as well. Interestingly enough, it is probably the people towards the top of the pyramid who have the fewest connections to others in the organization. This type of network formation exists in all the communities we interact with on a daily basis. Yet how is it that we are connected in such a short number of steps to people on the other side of the globe if we interact only with our local communities? It is by people acting as "bridges" to other groups far beyond the ones we are involved with at a local level. The exchange student you still keep in touch a couple times a year via email serves as a bridge to her entire network of friends and family back home. Lose connection with her and this whole world (even if you are in no way actively apart of it) disappears. As stated earlier, this network layout applies to other areas of science as well. One of the more vivid examples is the development of the world wide web. Internet pages are being developed randomly and frequently. However if you look at the links between all of the billions of web pages, you find once again Internet pages acting as "hubs" and a certain order to the random development. What it also means based on the study that examined the network of the web is that even as another billion webpages are added, the number of clicks required to navigate will not change by more than one or two clicks. These "small world networks" thus make information, electricity or gossip travel much faster than a world without them. When I was home in Seattle a few months ago I took a trip to my favorite book store, The Elliott Bay Book Company , in Pioneer Square - the city's most historic neighborhood. Unfortunately, it was most likely my last visit at its current location. The bookstore is preparing to move to another part of the city. Considering the fate of many independent bookstores, this outcome is far terrible. And reflecting on it objectively, I should actually be happy. For those of you unfamiliar with Seattle, Pioneer Square captures perhaps the last glimpse into the origins of our modern city. While I have a hard time believing the commercial- residential buildings constructed in the last decade that include a Quizno's Subs and tanning salon on the ground floor will withstand the tests of time from an architectural standpoint, Pioneer Square with its brownstone edifices offered something different. This "difference" also included the aroma of stale beer and urine on the vast majority of its sidewalks. Yes, Pioneer Square is truly dying and with the loss of Elliot Bay it's destined to become an urban carcass of its former self. Notwithstanding the verbal assault by numerous panhandlers and con artists, I thoroughly enjoyed the trips into Pioneer Square to visit the bookstore. There is a certain sense of loss. Yet as I already said, the move will actually benefit me because Elliot Bay will now be located in an area I actually do frequent for its nightlife. It was exactly for this reason that Elliot Bay was forced to move locations after a very difficult last 12 months in terms of sales. An independent bookstore relies on foot traffic, especially in the evening. And you can trust me that those going out in Pioneer Square after dark were not the same market segment likely to pop into the reading room to hear an author present her latest work. I respect Elliot Bay's store as well as its business model and wish it the best of success! We should all be cheering it on as the outcome "post-move" will tell us a lot about what businesses will work and which will fail in the future. One mantra of business strategy is based around the belief that a company must either focus on being a cost leader or a high value-add specialist. Finding yourself in the middle is a recipe for disaster due to the competition you will face from both sides. Elliot Bay Bookstore does not discount its books. In the days of Amazon, I know it is a hard concept to grasp that a bookstore may actually sell its goods at the list price found in small print on the back of the cover. But it is the case. They do this because they clearly recognize that a war based on price cannot be won against the likes of online retailers or massive chain stores. What they do offer is exceptional staff who know what they are talking about. My favorite thing to do there (and what can also be done in an excellent music or wine shop) is to go in with a set amount you want to spend, say $100, and let them recommend different books for you based on your interest. It is a great way to get guidance in new directions you may have not normally ventured and it is not something Amazon can offer you - even though they try. However, as this move is eluding to, the specialization they are offering may still not be enough. It is my belief that our ever enduring quest for low prices is devastating large aspects of value and we are not fully aware of it. This value is what lies between a normal versus a basement bottom price. Before parting on too extreme of a tangent, I will just say that the subject of pricing will be further addressed in an upcoming post. And how is this connected to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ? I was in Madrid last July. It was a balmy afternoon and we had made an appointment to meet a friend who was getting off work for her lunch hour. She arrived toting the huge, hardback copy of this book. She was in full addiction mode and was unwilling to part with it even on her lunch break. During my discussion with a salesperson at Elliot Bay a few months back, I noticed my basket of books becoming disproportionately overrepresented with non-fiction and I therefore asked him for a good piece of 2009 fiction. He pointed me towards this book and thinking back on my friend in Madrid, I grabbed it without hesitating. It is certainly an engrossing story which combines mystery, sex, violence and Sweden. I consumed it in a couple of days much in the same way I would plow through a good TV series if I had the whole thing on DVD. It is entertainment above all else. Subtitle: Thoughts on Humans and Other Animals I have confessed in other postings that my background in philosophy is far from profound. However, it is a subject (in a very broad definition) that is calling out to me with greater regularity. I have read few of the great works and each attempt to do so thus far has been a struggle. On the other hand, I am always in search of modern day thinkers from whatever academic discipline who are writing about society in a more robust, and shall we say, philosophical context. It is very difficult to do so without tying in the arguments of some of history's great minds and therefore provides me a way to slowly develop a better understanding of some of their principle theses. Wrapped in the discussion of modern society makes it a much less abrupt approach. One of my favorite current writers is Nassim Taleb , renown author of Fooled By Randomness and later The Black Swan . In an interview I saw of him he recommended two modern scholars - Karen Armstrong and John Gray - for their intellectual excellence in their respective fields. Gray is the former professor of European Thought at the London School of Economics and author of several books. He has written on globalization, religion and philosophy. As is often the case, shorty after being introduced to him and his works, I came across several articles reviewing a recently published book of his. Straw Dogs was published in 2002. It is a collection of musings stitched together by Gray's underlying belief that humans, in their rather modern distortion of humanist thought, have essentially created a new faith but fails to recognize it as such. This form of humanity, grounded in its roots of Christianity, is based on progress and mankind's ability through such progress to create a better world. Gray argues that "to believe in progress is to believe that, by using the new powers given to us by growing scientific knowledge humans can free themselves from the limits that frame the lives of other animals."T his humanistic vision of progress, outside of science, is a myth fabricated only recently in Western society. It was not long ago when humans thought of themselves as equal to other animals. In many cultures they were even worshiped by humans. Gray recognizes that humans are a highly developed, and incredibly destructive species. Since our arrival in the New World 12,000 years ago, approximately 70% of the world's species have been eliminated which is quickly approaching the same number caused by whatever event, most likely a meteor, wiped out the dinosaurs 65 million years ago. At the same time, our destructive species is raging on in fierce debate about how - through science - we can save the earth from the overheating caused by greenhouse gases. Perhaps it is Earth's means of ridding itself us? Ironic to me is how many of the central responses to climate change revolve around the use of elaborately developed technological tools to save us from such overheating. Humans have never been farther removed from nature as they are now. It is through the abandonment of certain forms of technology that we will make the easiest and fastest gains in this battle. Changing the way we eat based on a diet of local vegetables and occasional meat consumption and distancing ourselves from the meat industry would make enormous gains. Walking or bicycling as opposed to the frequent use of the automobile is a very simple concept that proves incredibly difficult to grasp. In a later chapter Gray reminds us that the average American puts in 1600 hours in the car to get 7500 miles: less than five miles per hour. Not much more than what someone would walk in the same time. It is obvious the automobile represents more to us than a form of transportation. Straw Dogs is not a book on environmentalism, however the example demonstrates a certain fallacy in human thought based on scientific progress. Many other such anecdotes make up the remainder of the book though I found they begin to stray more and more from his central thesis along the way. Nonetheless, they are fascinating and provocative. It is a book that does not need to be read from start to end but can be "dipped into at will" as well. Either way, it will get you thinking. After three rather arduous non-fiction reads, I was more than eager for a quick injection of crime mystery, one of my favorite fictional genres. Hammett, most famous for The Maltese Falcon , is certainly one of the most well-regarded American mystery writers. And it was a late night viewing of The Maltese Falcon with its solid performance from Bogart and a quirky and devilish Peter Lorre as Joel Cairo that prompted me to dive further into the works of Hammett. It is clear that Hammett knows what he is writing about after having been a private investigator for many years. His writing style is tight, direct with no superfluous words. In both The Maltese Falcon and The Dain Curse the stories move at a breakneck speed. To be honest, some time the speed and number of characters in the latter was too much for me. I often had to flip back a few chapters to remind myself who was who and what had they done. The book does not disappointment but it did not leave me floored either. What crime/mystery writers do you like? Subtitle: Investment Strategies for the Age of Global Economic Change As 2009 comes to a close and we prepare for the unknowns of 2010, it seems a just time to quickly summarize the current status of our global economy. There is a global shift taking place from the traditional power centers - the U.S. and to a lesser degree Western Europe - towards heavily populated, emerging players. This shift, which would have taken place even without the near collapse of our financial system, is now intertwined with the decisions made to stave off disaster over the last year. The United States acted as the motor for growth and consumption over the last fifty years. The American consumer has driven this consumption, especially over the last twenty years, through debt. We are all aware this can no longer occur and a shift towards savings and debt repayment means consumption will have to come from elsewhere. This U.S. led consumption has made an enormous impact on other countries as well. By importing more goods than it exported, the U.S. generated a large current account deficit resulting in the sending of vast sums of US dollars to the exporting countries. Oil producing nations have likewise accumulated hundreds of billions of dollars due to the exporting of oil to the U.S. and other rich world countries. Amassed with US dollars these countries through vehicles such as sovereign wealth fund, are seeking a home for their liquid dollar assets - from homes on the French Riviera to large stakes in Morgan Stanley. As exporting nations have been producing goods for the U.S. at low cost, they have put ever more demand on natural resources (commodities). They have begun to see an upward pressure on wages as their local economies grow. Both of these factors, demand for commodities and increasing wages, will fuel inflation. Add on top of this the government spending in the rich world in the forms of various stimulus plans and inflationary concerns abound even though we are currently in a quasi-deflationary period. Basic demographics are also changing with Europe's population getting older, the US being in between and countries such as Brazil possessing a rather young population. Governments will have to respond accordingly as they struggle to provide the services these population segments require. Demands for certain goods and services will become more relevant based on these shifts. The above encapsulation of global economics is the context within which El-Erian, the world's largest bond investor, and former directer of Harvard's Endowment fund, frames this concise and relevant text. The majority of the book is spent setting the stage for what is to come and what has developed over the last few eventful years. He then attempts to outline measures that can be taken to benefit from these shifts taking place. How as investors can we accumulate the wealth needed to support a prosperous future? And, equally as important, how can we counter balance our portfolios to prevent massive loss through huge downswings in markets or erosion of certain asset classes due to inflationary effects? I am no longer in possession of the book so I can only recall what stayed with me since I read it over one month ago. This will have certainly been meshed together with my own beliefs. Perhaps this is a more useful exercise. Some points for investing in the future: 1. Develop a view of the global economy and dedicate a certain percentage of assets to the shifts you believe likely to occur. If inflation is a concern due to rising wages in Southeast Asia, commodities, real estate or inflation protected securities will be safer bets than cash or certain types of equities. 2. Watch out for "home bias". Investors have the tendency to buy stocks from their home country, especially in the U.S. but also in other countries as well. Active Swedish investors place 48% of their invested money in Swedish stocks even though Sweden makes up 1% of the global economy (Thaler &amp; Sunstein, 2008). Investing in what you know makes sense up to a certain degree but does not warrant such a disproportional approach. This is equally true in the States where a robust and transparent equity market warrants a large percentage of investment focus but not the absurdly high percentages most Americans have in their home market. 3. Emerging Market Government Bonds can essentially be grouped with more traditional bond types as their government balance sheets are in healthier shape than many more traditional markets, e.g. Greece and Ireland. To claim The Prize to be a book on the history of oil already by such definition limits the impact this commodity has had on the development of society over the last 150 years. What it really is is an analysis of global economic and military history over this time period framed within the context of oil. The book begins by concentrating on the historic period before World War I when Winston Churchill, as civilian head of the Royal Navy, began to see the importance of replacing the coal fired fleets of the British navy with those using oil in order to gain in speed and agility. Yergin chooses this as his starting point, even though he then moves back 60 years to the true founding, because this was an important turning point in how oil was used. It was at this time when oil became a "disruptive technology" as it moved from an energy source mainly used for providing light to one that would become the standard form of fuel for all transportation. After this introduction, The Prize returns to its chronological unfolding using as the starting point a key series of scientific discoveries regarding oil's potential uses and then later to the first wave of major U.S. discoveries. Though oil's history can be dated back long before this, the foundation of oil as an industry and major fuel source has an American heritage. . In 1859 the Drake Well in central Pennsylvania was hit thus sparking the first wave of oil mania. This mania brought all types of people from expert scientists and geologists to green thumb enthusiasts with nothing to lose. The creation of boom towns in desolate parts of the U.S. became common. These towns would quickly be erected often to satisfy the needs of the fortune seekers (booze and prostitution). Means for distributing the oil would be hastily devised with a very short term approach to get the black liquid to far off markets. Once the source showed signs of reduced volumes or a bigger source was discovered elsewhere, the towns would quickly find their streets and brothels empty. The comparisons between the boom towns and the massive cookie cutter neighborhoods erected in the last five years in the States during our latest housing boom are strikingly similar. The next part of the book explores how the fragmented industry, from finding the oil to distributing it, paved the way for on opportunity of massive levels of consolidation and vertical integration. It was seized and later exploited mainly by one man - John Rockefeller of Standard Oil. Rockefeller bought other oil companies both large and small, keeping the efficient ones and merely closing down the others to limit any potential threat of competition. Standard Oil was the first true monopoly in the U.S., controlling 90% of the oil derivative, kerosene. Its dominance led way to growing discontent of the American public who lacked alternatives to Standard Oil products and became more aware of the incredible fortune being amassed by Rockefeller as a result. In 1911 the Supreme Court ruled that Standard Oil be split into 32 different regional companies who would then compete with each other for customers and markets. World War I was a very labor intensive struggle fought and won in the trenches with limited reliance on machinery. World War II, as painted by Yergin , was a war in which oil played a decisive role in the outcome. Both Japan and Germany lacked domestic sources of oil and were therefore dependent on other countries, namely Romania and Indonesia, to provide the oil needed to power their ships, planes and tanks. The lack of this crucial resource and the failure in certain cases to effectively distribute it to the divisions in need led to losses at key junctures in World War II events . An interesting example is how German troops, led by the brilliant Rommel, were unable to seize control North Africa to the extent desired because at key battles they were without fuel needed to power their panzer tanks. The U.S. and Russia were instead at a particular advantage because they could rely on domestic fuel sources. An agreement between the U.S. and the U.K. also meant Britain, whose North Sea source would not be found until decades later, was also able to receive its needed share of American oil. However, having access domestically is only one part needed for success. How you manage your operations is another. Yergin's description of a floating fuel station comprised of numerous ships and tankers that were able to provide fuel to other ship fleets in the South Pacific was fascinating. Though the author dedicated several chapters explaining why Japan and Germany were greatly hindered by their lack of oil, I found the book thin on other examples of Allied success. The post-World War II era led to the rise of what Yergin defines as the "the Hydrocarbon man", i.e. the individual consumer who developed an ever growing thirst for oil. It also was the period of the oil producing dominance of the Middle East region. The book is probably at its strongest here. It brilliantly explains how the major oil companies established themselves with marketing (downstream) channels in the consuming countries and favorable partnerships with Middle Eastern countries. By providing technical expertise in this region they were given a disproportionately large share of the revenue generated from each new barrel. Later Yergin clearly explains how OPEC was born and the economic significance it played in the market - essentially by controlling two levers - setting supply levels as well as prices per barrel. The 800-page book is referred to as "the Bible" of oil history. The magnitude of this industry in terms of global scale and historical importance over the last 150 years means that in order to effectively write one, all-encompassing volume a certain high level approach and style is necessary. Yergin succeeds in incorporating the macro level history and economic connections oil has played over this time period. However, by taking such an approach it is inevitable that some other aspects regarding such an important subject will be less adequately addressed. I respect the focus Yergin took in writing the book and his unrelenting ability not to defer from it. However, there were two main faults I found in doing so. The impression he gave when discussing the "hydrocarbon man" and his insatiable thirst for oil was that the oil companies were passively responding to the demand for their product that was being begged for by consumers. However it was never discussed how this demand was stimulated to such excessive levels. What was lacking in the text was an adequate explanation as to why consumption levels grew at such astounding rates over these years. What were the relationships like between the auto manufactures and the oil companies? Certainly these industries were strongly connected to the centers of power in Washington D.C. yet was never mentioned. Hydrocarbon man became dependent on the automobile due to lack of alternatives. The classic example of the removal of all tram lines in Los Angeles certainly encouraged such behavior yet it, nor any other relevant example was even eluded to. And why were such large vehicles in such demand? Yergin refers to the adaption of the first fuel economy standards in 1975 of 27.5 mile per gallon within 10 years as revolutionary step which led to a drastic reduction in oil consumption. Though the book was published in 1990, a few years prior to the SUV boom, it is hard for his praise of such regulation not to ring hollow considering the impressive gas mileage of the Ford Expeditions and other "light trucks" exempt from these standards. Such SUVs went on to make up 50% of all vehicle sales in the U.S. The automakers gained on the higher profit margins of these vehicles as well as special deprecation status they were granted for business purposes. Oil companies also make more money the more often consumers need to fill up their cars. Such a thrust by automakers towards these types of vehicles certainly pushed hydrocarbon man's demand for oil. These type of factors were absent in his book. The focus of The Prize as a work of economic history also meant that the small time victims of such a massive industry were ignored. As someone who is far from an expert on the industry, I am still aware of tragic stories such as the one of Ken Saro - Wiwa's , who fought against Shell and the Nigerian government because of the environmental damage the oil drilling was causing in the Niger delta. A reference, at least collectively, to the victims of the oil industry as well as the environmental impact it has made was something due in the book yet was nowhere to be found. Regardless, The Prize is required reading for those on all sides of the debate as it provides the foundation to what has become the lubricant of our daily lives. Ah, France! This novel, with such French attitude, scoffs at the wealthy for their shallowness, as well as their unmerited sense of cultural superiority over the social classes below them. Barbery does this by focusing her story around two central characters: the door-woman of an elegant resident building in central Paris and the twelve year old daughter of one of the families living in the building. Both of these characters are made to be the most culturally and intellectually astute individuals in the novel, much more so than the barbarians that grace the floors of the building. It would be easy to dismiss the stereotypes portrayed of French society as cliche', however, they are made so apparent throughout the novel that their blatancy somehow makes them comical. Instead, the subtler aspects of the book touch on more philosophical arguments regarding such subjects as art, beauty, the purpose of life, and human existence - shall we say the pain et beurre of French intellectual thought. The story is simple and for this reason pleasurable. The door-woman, Ms. Michel, lives what at first glance appears to be a monotonous life, ignored by the inhabitants of the building. However, she finds comfort in this solitude and actually makes all efforts possible to draw as little attention to herself as possible. To do so she must hide all her intellectual pursuits as not to raise any questions in the eyes of the pseudo-intellects around her. However, they are probably too stupid to pick up on them anyway. When Ms. Michel is not reading Russian literature, she is hammering away at the shallow and miserable lives of the rich around her. There is a certain sense of irony here since the pursuits such as shopping, shampooing hair multiple times and wearing make- up are looked down upon by her that is until she catches the eye of a new resident to the building - Mr. Oke , a retired Japanese. Mr. Oke , being someone truly steeped in culture and intellectual capacity is quickly able to see how the door-woman is not a typical type. He then begins inviting her to various activities much as Richard Gere did to Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman . The response of Ms. Michel is not much different in that those superficial activities of the wealthy become appealing as soon as someone comes along who is interested in her. When compared to modern American novels, this book is more layered in that it offers a straightforward story of its characters but also dives deeper into more philosophical discussions. There are a lot of cultural references as well. What I see as being the major difference when compared to modern American novels is how Barberry writes to a more educated, cultured audience than most writers do in the States. As this book was the bestselling one in France over the last couple of years, we can assume therefore, that it was read by people of all socioeconomic backgrounds. Heaven help us if it had only remained in the upper echelons of French society! The subtitle is "making art and commerce thrive in the hybrid economy" I do not want to start off this post by saying something cliche' like any working in ecommerce , new media, or Internet services should read this book though the temptation is there. Instead I will say that in my own line of work this book has already given me a new way to approach
apologies for the long absence... i think that i just needed to fall off the planet after all the mayhem and recuperate for the gruelling last four years... so as you guys are all probably aware i have been trying my hand at things other than shooting... so have been doing a few commercials, giving speeches, been doing a lot of stuff with my dogs, have been busy in the office with a few projects and it has been amazing been staying away from the shooting range...although i have to admit that i do feel a twinge of desire to go and shoot everytime i walk past the range but i am going to make sure that i am completely rested and relaxed both physically and mentally before i decide to venture down that road...it has been a long and ardous last couple of months and i am happy to have some normalcy returning to my life... my phone no longer ringing off the hook and things are great....i hosted my coaches to india for the first time and have been busy taking them around...so we made the trip to agra, and jaipur and it was great actually hanging out with them and not talking that much shooting...so guys fret not...will keep all informed regularly... at least everytime i have news and that may not be as often as you guys like :) but hey i am just a simple guy living in a mundane existence... 
Last Monday I attended Womadelaide, a 'world music' festival that was run over 4 days. On stage here was Xavier Rudd, suported by two South African musicians in a lively performance in which he plays  guitar, digeridoo and an assortment of percussion instruments.The last few weeks has been extra busy for Adelaidians as we have had plenty of special activities to attend; in addition to Womadelaide was the Fringe, Writers Week, the Festival of Arts and the Clipsal 500 - and all of them had record numbers of people attending. Now today I can catch my breath and start blogging again because it is all over! Part of the old Henley jetty forms the centre piece of the Artist Bar; constructed for the Adelaide Festival. Underneath the jetty is the bar where you might rub shoulders with a star or two; it was reported last week that Tom Jones was seen here.The ABC Wednesday meme was initiated by Denise Nesbitt. To find out more about ABC Wednesdays and see other participants' contributions click here. A bit of nostalgia in the park. As part of the 2010 Adelaide Festival the Rotunda in Elder Park has been transformed to display Super 8 home movies; edited by Richard Raber and Naomi Bishop from hundreds of hours of film donated by South Australians. My post last Tuesday was about Amococo; a luminarium in Adelaide for the Fringe. On Thursday I experienced it for myself - truly amazing and so relaxing.Some people just walked around experiencing all the amazing colour blends; others sat and c
 A story today from the nation’s capital that reinforces our latest lawsuit : the city of Ottawa is using federal stimulus cash (and avoiding any environmental assessment) to run a highway through several endangered species' habitat. It’s one example of many municipalities seeking to benefit from the federal spending spree. There have been several ridiculous justifications given for reckless stimulus spending. One such argument is that environmental assessments on these infrastructure projects is too costly – but of the $24 billion in spending, only 1% of that would be necessary to ensure environmental assessments are completed that reduce the toll on the surrounding land, water and species. When we drop billions of dollars into the ever-growing deficit budget, one would hope it’s being done with vision, values and care – unfortunately, the relative temporary suffering created by this economic downturn could wreak long-term damages to our life-sustaining systems for generations to come. Ecojustice and the Canadian Cancer Society are taking action against a disturbing federal government trend that is seeing fewer and fewer dangerous chemicals making it onto the list of regulated contaminants. Here’s some history on toxics in Canada: There are thousands of potentially harmful substances used domestically and abroad that make their way into our food, products, water and air, causing cancers, birth defects and a host of diseases. The government shortlisted about 4000 chemicals that will potentially harm human health or the environment, and prioritized 200 of these into 12 batches - we’re currently assessing Batch 6. If found to be toxic, a chemical placed on the Toxic Substances List is strictly regulated and managed under the Canadian Environmental Protection Act [ CEPA ]. The disconcerting trend we’re seeing is one where less and less chemicals being assessed are making their way on to the Toxic Substances List, with just one of the 14 to make the list in Batch 6. Industry and government do not appear willing to produce the much-needed missing information on how these chemicals may enter the environment, and worse still they are using this lack of data as a lack of proof to justify keeping potentially toxic chemicals off of the Toxic Substances List. That’s why we’re sounding the alarm bells at Health Canada and Environment Canada on toxic chemicals and the precautionary principle. “Precautionary” means that instead of using the current gaps in knowledge to justify keeping chemicals off the federal list, this principle places the burden of proof on industry to show how these chemicals will not harm human or environmental health. Ecojustice helped establish the precautionary principle in Canada at the Supreme Court back in 2001, and we’re working to ensure that this responsible approach comes through in the way Canada protects its citizens from dangerous chemicals. CEPA clearly outlines how the precautionary principle should guide government’s thinking, and our challenge to Environment and Health Canada is to focus on this principle in their decisions that have vast implications for our health and our future. Sometimes all it takes is some information and outrage to make meaningful change in our community. It’s happening near Sudbury, Ontario, where Simon Lake Community Stewardship is taking up the cause of sewage dumping in their community - moved to action as a result of our latest water quality report “ Flushing Out the Truth: Sewage Dumping in Ontario .” Their letter-writing campaign targets Ontario Minister of Environment John Gerretsen with the message that “dumping untreated and under-treated sewage into our watersheds is not acceptable.” These disgusting yet all-too-common events have become standard practice in municipalities, as noted in our report: “In both 2006 and 2007, raw or undertreated sewage was dumped more than 1,000 times by Ontario municipalities. The quantities are staggering, with billions of litres escaping full treatment each year.” We pride ourselves on our report-writing rigour, and when they inform and inspire communities to stand up for their rights we are doubly pleased. If you’re in the Sudbury area, support their campaign with a letter of your own. For those outside of Sudbury, see our report to find out how your community is doing when it comes to responsible sewage treatment and let us know your thoughts. When it comes to endangered species, we’re looking for ways to avoid the ‘litigation as law enforcement’ model we’ve had to take to get action for the most vulnerable organisms and ecosystems in Canada. One big step forward would be better provincial laws for endangered species, and in British Columbia there is hope that may just happen. The feds already have a law, the Species at Risk Act , though we’ve consistently needed to take them to court to implement each incremental step the Act requires to protect species and their habitat. And federal law does not apply automatically on provincial land, except to aquatic species and migratory birds, but most land in Canada is provincial, only a minority of species are aquatic or migratory birds. Meanwhile, most provinces have yet to introduce legal protections for species and the habitat they depend on - greatly reducing our chances of ensuring that these species survive, let alone recover. That might be changing in British Columbia, where we’re seeing talk that may lead to a meaningful species at risk law. Thanks in part to a multi-year effort by Ecojustice and our coalition partners highlighting the need for such a law , the BC government announced plans in its August Throne speech to create a Species-at-Risk Task Force. The team will be tasked with developing a new vision for endangered species protection in collaboration with the people of BC, and Ecojustice will be watching closely to see that this initiative delivers a much-needed endangered species law; as of now, the task force is yet to be created. BC is Canada’s richest province biologically, but already at least 43% of BC’s +3800 species are at risk of disappearing. With a successful task force and a new provincial law we can end the current ‘ death watch ’ of endangered species in BC and provide a model for the rest of Canada. This morning at 9:45 a.m. we received word that we won our Supreme Court case concerning the Red Chris mine! We’ve been waiting for this ruling since we presented our case last October, and it’s a monumental victory for us, for the environment, and for public participation that will benefit Canadians for years to come. The Court ruled that the Canadian government violated the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act when it split the project into artificially small parts to avoid a comprehensive assessment and public consultation. Despite the significant environmental risks posed by this mine, the Department of Fisheries and Oceans and Natural Resources Canada limited their assessment to a fraction of the mine proposal, removing the actual mine from its environmental review and rubber-stamping a provincial assessment. The Court has ruled that, in the future, the public must now be consulted about major industrial projects, such as large metal mines and tar sands developments. “The Supreme Court has given Canadians back their voice and, with it, their ability to influence major industrial development across the country,” said Ecojustice lawyer Lara Tessaro, who represented MiningWatch Canada on the case. “This landmark decision confirms that the government can no longer shirk the environmental protection duties that Parliament has assigned to it.” The proposed Red Chris mine is located near the Sacred Headwaters, the birthplace of Northern BC’s three greatest salmon rivers – the Stikine, Nass and the Skeena. Called “the Serengeti of the North” for its rich biodiversity, the area’s wildlife and waterways are severely threatened by the project. Most shocking of all, the mine seeks to wipe out pristine Black Lake by converting it into a “tailings impoundment area” – a dumpsite for toxic mine waste. And while the ruling did not stop the Red Chris mine from going forward, contrary to some industry reports this does not mean that the mine has been approved. Ecojustice and Mining watch will continue to follow the project throughout the future federal permitting process, and will oppose any permits that threaten our lakes and rivers, or that risk the health of the Sacred Headwaters area. In the meantime, we have successfully secured stronger environmental accountability for future projects throughout the country. We’ll continue to fight the Canadian government policy of turning lakes into tailings dumps, in BC and across the country. Thanks to this win, our efforts will be even more successful in the future. The Globe and Mail recently wrote that “it may only be a matter of time before the battle over global warming moves into a courtroom.” In fact, Ecojustice has already taken it there, and we’re now waiting to hear if our case , Canada’s first global warming lawsuit, will be heard by the Supreme Court of Canada. Our landmark legal challenge argues that the Harper government is breaking Canadian law by failing to comply with the Kyoto Protocol Implementation Act (KPIA). Despite being passed in 2007, the government has ignored the Act and failed to enact the legally binding climate change regulations it calls for. Meanwhile, the Conservative’s plan to address climate change doesn’t come close to reaching the greenhouse gas targets that we have committed to achieving. Given Harper’s repeated reference to our climate change obligations as unrealistic and unachievable , it’s not surprising that we have weak reduction targets and industry-friendly standards in the place of leadership, action or regulation. The Harper government’s lack of regard for this law, combined with reports of their obstructionist tactics at last month’s Copenhagen talks, leaves Canada wide open to harsh criticism from governments, groups and citizens taking action on the climate crisis – we will see what our top court has to say about this disregard in the coming months. We’ll keep the climate cases, solutions and results coming in the new year - looks like we have our work cut out for us. We were in court yesterday, taking a hard look at Ontario’s approaches to land use planning and sustainable development - particularly decision-making at the Ontario Municipal Board (OMB). The case involves a proposed golf course and condo development slated for the highly-sensitive Oak Ridges Moraine . The 120-acre development has already been rejected by the local municipality, but that matter is being challenged by the developers at the OMB. At risk is the integrity of the Oak Ridges Moraine itself, and good environmental decision-making in general. We are there with our client Earthroots to ensure that challenges such as this one are heard by both the OMB and the Environmental Review Tribunal (ERT), convening a hearing panel together as a joint board . Green-leaning Ontarians have witnessed the developer-friendly atmosphere created by the OMB in the past, and have seen some very questionable decisions where efforts to promote local and environmental values have been lost. Environmental decision-making expertise in this province is found at the ERT, and in matters where planning and environment meet, a consolidated OMB/ERT hearing can better assess land use disputes with a greater eye towards sustainable development. There’s a public interest in joining together land use and environmental protection decisions, avoiding multiple hearings on a single project, and integrating the land use issues with the ecosystem and drinking water source concerns posed by this proposed new development. A decision on whether or not this challenge will go forward at the OMB alone, or a as consolidated OMB/ERT hearing, should be made in the next several weeks – we’ll keep you updated as the results come in. As Canadian kids of the Christmas persuasion impatiently eye the boxes beneath the tree, it’s good to know that our hard work on product safety will translate into better protection for them from toxic chemicals in their toys and our homes. Coming on the heels of the proposed ban for the toxic substance DecaBDE in electronics we helped achieve earlier this year in Canada, the US EPA announced last week that several American companies are following in our footsteps by phasing out the manufacturing of this prevalent but highly toxic fire retardant. DecaBDE , is used in everything from video game consoles and TVs to drapes and furniture. It accumulates in breast milk, fish and birds to cause liver, thyroid and developmental problems in humans and wildlife. The voluntary decision by these companies is to be applauded, and we are glad to see that Ecojustice’s senior scientist Dr. Elaine MacDonald was out in front on this issue. Given this announcement by the chemical companies that make DecaBDE, Ecojustice will ask Canada to broaden its proposed ban on DecaBDE from electronics to a total ban on all uses DecaBDE. We’re also pushing hard to keep the lead-ridden kids toys off the Canadian market by making science- and legally-based submissions supporting a strong and effective Bill C-6, the Canada Consumer Product Safety Act. It’s encouraging to see Canada leading a forward-thinking and precautionary approach towards environmental and human health. As the feds implement their deca ban in electronics, and the House considers C6’s product monitoring and enforcement changes, we’ll continue to hold our leaders accountable on behalf of the public. Look forward to hearing more about our toxics research and legal actions in the new year. Have a happy and healthy holiday! 
If you're familiar with my last AER9, you'll recall that the project was completed in only 4 days. I recently had a chance to take another whack at it with a much more lenient deadline, and I'm very, very happy with the results. The basic steps at the beginning were the same as my last build. Make a blueprint, transcribe it to wood, and start cutting, gluing and clamping. I did discover a random and somewhat neat trick for scribing the lines on this though. By printing to vellum on an injket printer, I was able to directly transfer the pattern of the print from the paper to the wood. Using laquer thinner brushed over the ink, I burnished the paper against the MDF and the lines transferred perfectly! Made transcribing my blueprints MUCH easier. The main difference between this build and my last is the materials used. Outside of the stock base, barrel, grip and MF cell, all other parts were made from sintra, styrene, or aluminum. These materials can take detail much better than MDF which afforded me a lot of control in making the shape more accurate. I also decided to use LEDs for a glowing barrel effect. This was a preliminary test-fire to see how the idea would work. In the end, I used the lens out of a laser pointer behind the center hole in the barrel to focus the light and make it brighter in that spot. After the barrel and stock were shaped to the correct dimensions, I started adding details in sintra &amp; styrene. The rounded edges on the back and front parts were made by gluing the sintra into a box and rounding the edges on my table router. Another huge difference in this build was my new lathe. The AER9 has a TON of little rounded bits all over it. These were cut out of MDF or sintra. The microfusion cell is 4 pieces of MDF glued together and shaped on the lathe as well. This rear knob is also lathed MDF. The tube which sits on top of the barrel is an ABS rod. This was a lot easier to shape than the 5/16" steel tube I used on the last build. Here's most of the parts going on for a test fit. The grip is an MDF block with sintra strips shaped over it. To keep a uniform shape, I heat-formed one sheet over the entire grip, then cut it into strips on my bandsaw. The rear of the barrel is a sintra box with styrene accents. The curved part behind the MF cell was sculpted out of apoxie sculpt and sanded to shape. Various other smaller bits were shaped out of sintra/styrene before going to primer. Below is the trigger &amp; trigger arm, MF cell area, barrel, cell eject lever, and other bits. I also scribed the panel lines on the parts with a lino block carving tool I had left over from my art school days. Another test assembly after all the parts had been primed. I had some really tight tolerances when putting it together, as the layers of paint actually made it quite hard to get the front and rear casings over the barrel. Yay precision! To power the LEDs, I used 2 AA batteries housed in an in-line battery holder. The knob on the back of the gun unscrews to reveal the battery door to replace the cells. I was very very happy with how this turned out. The LEDs are switched on and off by a hidden pushbutton switch on the bottom of the rifle barrel. The last lathed part was the bottom support bar. This was carved from a pine dowel and cored out to receive a hollow aluminum bar. Styrene accents finished it off. I also found some knurled nuts to use for the two circular parts on the support bar and JB welded them in place. On to paint! The basecoat silver was done with Krylon chrome paint. After this, I dusted the surface with a darker silver by holding the can about 2 feet away from the part and spraying lightly over the entire surface. This gave the paint a stippled texture like cast aluminum would have (this is shown a little better on the front barrel casing in the shot below with the barrel painted green.) Color was done with Testors spray paint for the barrel (which is annoyingly thin and loves to run) and Testors brush paint for the silver on the MF cell and upper pipe. After this, each individual part got a coat of clear to protect the finish. I know I'm going to get a ton of decal questions, so I hope this answers them preemptively. It seems like custom decals are the bane of every replica maker, and it took me a bit to figure out the best way to do it as well. As with my Portal Gun, the AER9 got water-slide decals on the MF cell for the warning messages, arrows, and stripe. These were designed in Adobe Photoshop and printed onto water-slide decal paper on a laserjet printer. The barrel decals were done differently. The barrel was scanned on a computer scanner to pick up the color &amp; texture of the paint. Then, I designed the side decals in Illustrator, taking them into Photoshop to layer them over the green background and weather them a bit before printing. These were output on adhesive-backed vinyl using a plotter, then applied to the gun. There is a slight seam line around the sides of these, but its only evident under close inspection. Here's the gun all assembled and shiny brand-new! So pretty, so clean... So needs a few coats of grime. This was the first pass. Another new tool I had for this build was an airbrush. I'd never used one before, so this was as much a practice run as it was a weathering effort. It took some getting used to, but I was very satisfied with the results. NOTE: If you don't seal inkjet decals before acrylic paint weathering, they will run &amp; bleed! This is why I clearcoated the gun before this process. I also made a display board for the gun to sit on, in maple. This was stained satin black. Here's the final shots of the gun after all the weathering was completed and given another coat of clear to protect the finish. I am very glad I got to revisit this piece, but I don't think I'll be making another one. 2 was plenty for me, and its time to try another project with my newfound techniques and materials. These pics and more build images are all available on my flickr page , in much higher resolutions. Thanks for reading! New year, new projects, new deadlines. And, if I'm honest, some old deadlines from last year too. Here's a few of the projects that I've got on various burners that will be featured in the coming months: AER9 Laser Rifle ( Fallout 3 ) Thats right, I'm doing this again. The last one was a very rushed build and I would have loved to have more time to get the details to my liking. On this project, I can! I learned a lot from the first AER9 and all of that trial-by-fire will be applied to this project. Things are moving fast, so I may have a finished product very soon. Among the improvements are a moving trigger, screenprinted labels, and an illuminated barrel! Force-a-Nature ( Team Fortress 2 ) This project is also moving quickly, though I wish I'd taken more pictures of the process. The proportions of this gun are ridiculous - the barrels hold a 4 gauge round and are only 7.25" long! This will be a heavy and robust piece when completed. I have a neat collaboration going on with a fellow who is maching some aluminum parts for it too, can't wait to show those off! Chell's Heelsprings ( Portal ) These poor things have been sitting in 90% limbo for a while now, awaiting a few minor bits to make them perfect. We have a Portal photoshoot coming up in the near future, so hopefully they will be back on the table soon. Link's Hylian Shield ( Zelda: Twilight Princess ) My first shield was also my first real "prop". When I first took a crack at this, the entire shape was eyeballed and I didn't know my materials very well. On top of that, I didn't take any progress photos! This shield will rectify a lot of the issues of the old one, mostly the major inaccuracies and cumbersome weight of my first project. All this, and more, in 2010. Thanks for reading! We did it! After two months of back-and-forth with the PR reps at the Georgia Aquarium, we were allowed to bring Big Daddy in for a photoshoot! This was a colossal effort, and just like the original display of the piece, several hands went into making it happen. Much thanks to my friend Kim and Jay for getting up at 5am to come with us and be our handlers, to the Georgia Aquarium staff for this amazing opportunity, and to Matt Nicholson (and his fiancée!) of Dim Horizon Studio for doing such fantastic photography and editing. Big Daddy is currently for sale ! Check this eBay listing , which ends on 12/03/09 - just in time for the holidays! Nothing says "I love you" quite like a hulking murder machine. I hope you guys enjoy these photos as much as I have been. Edit: 11.24.09 - Select wallpaper sized files now available for download! Wallpaper Sized photos of the above: 1280 x 1024 1680 x 1050 2048 x 1152 2272 x 1704 Wallpaper Sized photos of the above: 1280 x 1024 1680 x 1050 2048 x 1152 2272 x 1704 For those interested, these pictures were taken in the "Ocean Voyager" and "Tropical Diver" sections of the Georgia Aquarium. They do offer private photoshoots for individuals and businesses, and they take place before business hours so you can have a crowd-free session. Our photoshoot took place between 8 and 10am, so we didn't disturb the normal flow of customer traffic. If you want to contact the Georgia Aquarium about doing a private photoshoot of your own, check out this form . There were divers cleaning the insides of the tanks when we first arrived, and as we began our shoot, some of them started to crowd around and look at what was taking place. Definitely an odd experience when you're the one being looked at from the inside of the fish tank. Its easy to see the biggest change in the suit: LEDs! I added light diffusion panels to the dome of the Big Daddy for this shoot, and I'm very glad I did. I also added foam padding around the shoulders, hips, and knees in order to fill out the suit a bit more and prevent that stick-like effect that showed up in some of the photography from DragonCon. As with before, I owe all the sewing credit to my fiancée, Emily. She's also the creepy-as-hell Little Sister in these shots. Wallpaper Sized photos of the above: 1280 x 1024 1680 x 1050 2048 x 1152 2272 x 1704 Wallpaper Sized photos of the above: 1280 x 1024 1680 x 1050 2048 x 1152 2272 x 1704 Thanks for reading! WOW! I have been getting a TON of requests/inquiries about the Daft Punk helmet. Most of these emails have very similar questions, so I figured I'd make a quick Q&amp;A post that I can reference which will hopefully answer everyone at once. If you don't want to read all the copy below, I don't blame you. I do tend to ramble. Summary: Currently I cannot recreate these with a zero margin of error. I have gone through several casts in order to get one with a perfect finish to send along to my client. I do not believe in selling my work to someone unless it is flawless, and as of now there are still issues with this process. Due to this, I cannot take any orders for replicas of finished helmets. Q : Is the helmet for sale? A : No, this helmet was built for a client of mine and was constructed specifically for him. Unless he wants to sell it (not likely!) it is not available for purchase. Q : Will you make me a helmet/are there other replicas you're willing to sell? A : There are 2 parts to this answer. Firstly, I am currently booked until April, and cannot take any commissions in May or June due to my wedding and honeymoon. Any work I do is purely first-come, first-served, and I am not taking commission reservations at this time. When I open up again to take reservations for 2010, I will post on here. Projects will very likely fill up quickly, so look out for updates in December/January! Secondly, there are not currently any copies available for sale, and I cannot definitively say there ever will be. At this time, there are still issues with chroming the plastic helmets. Also, I don't have a continued source for visor vacuum-forming. I do not own my own vac-forming machine, and BlindSquirrel did the first run as a favor to me. He has plenty of his own work to see to and I do not want to impose on him to continue these for me. The short answer is this: I am only making 2 finished helmets. One for me, and one for my client. That is all there will be until April. If someone is interested in another one, be sure to check back on my blog in December/January for when I will be taking reservations again . Q : Will you make/Have you made Thomas' helmet? A : I have not, but plans are in the works. This build will start in mid 2010. Again, like above, please note that the initial helmet will be made for my client ONLY. Any other requests will follow my standard commission queue. Q : How much will a finished helmet cost with the LED effects? A : During the course of this project, it has become remarkably apparent to me as to why the real helmets fetch a $64,000 price. This stuff is intricate, finicky, and expensive. I do not disclose client final pricing on projects, but I can say that certain things carried a hefty price tag. Custom PCBs for the lighting run about $250/helmet, the LEDs themselves cost $150/helmet, and the electrical components (Arduino board, transistors, resistors, plugs, wires, etc etc etc) totaled over $300. That alone is $700, and thats just materials cost for blinking lights! I hope that gives some idea of the scope of the rest of the project. Q : Can I buy a raw cast from the mold to make a helmet on my own? A : EDIT: I AM TAKING A BREAK FROM OFFERING RESIN HELMETS. The mold has started to show some wear after making 25 copies, and I also need time to finish other projects. Resin copies are now on hold, indefinitely. Q : Can I have your schematics/plans/illustrations/research notes? A : On some scale, yes. My schematics are included in my client's budget; this is the case with all of my builds. Their payments cover the time in research and drawing of these plans. If you like, I can provide you with hi-res .eps, .pdf, or .ai files to help you in your build for a small fee. Keep in mind that typically these blueprints are the result of several hours of research and planning, then even more time drawing. I hope that answers some of the questions I've been getting about the helmet, and I truly am appreciative of all the attention its been getting. If I had the ability to make one for every person who has asked, I would! However, I am only one guy, working in his spare time at home. I can't possibly take orders for dozens of replicas, and I'm just plain uneasy about booking out time way too far in advance. To everyone who has asked me about these replicas: Thank You for your interest and your support of my work! Again, I really wish I could help out all the people who have sent me inquiries, but one guy can only do so much. Finally, because I hate posts without pictures, here's a few images to tide everyone over until I can send out some finished shots of the helmet in all its blinking glory: And one teaser video... I'll explain all of these in the next entry of the Daft Punk helmet saga; Part 3: Electronics ! EDIT: For information regarding replicas of this prop, please see THIS POST In the last post I had about this build, I ended with the finished master, ready for molding: Silicone, silicone, silicone. Layered in stages, with registration keys and marks for the mother mold. The mother mold was made with Plasti-paste. In retrospect, this makes for a very heavy mold that gives you some sore shoulders after slushcasting, and fiberglass may have been a better idea. At least its sturdy! The detail captured in the silicone was perfect! Some resin pulls. I started off with smoothcast 320, but it proved difficult to make a nice, thin pull. After switching to smoothcast 300, things got a bit more to my liking. Couldn't help walking around in one. I trimmed out a casting of the visor to make the vacuum-former mold for the visors. This was mounted to a flat board so PETG plastic could be pulled over it. Ear areas were trimmed out for the LEDs and black plate that sits in the cones. The trimmed and sanded helmets were given a coat of primer and wet sanded to take out any minor imperfections in the resin surface. I need to take a minute aside here to go on a personal rant, and I apologize in advance for that because the last thing I want my blog to become is my own personal soapbox. This project is a large and complex one, and due to that there were certain things I had to farm out to other vendors and craftsmen. Specifically, the chrome gold plating of the resin and the vacuum-forming of the visors. I don't possess the tooling to do either of these, so I had to look elsewhere. Metalizing: Initially, I had planned on going to M&amp;M Metalizing for my gold chrome work. Over the phone estimates placed the process at $125 per helmet. I agreed, and sent two of the ones you see above (wetsanded and prepped) for finishing. The day after sending the package and an email confirming they were en route with tracking number, I received a phonecall from M&amp;M. The price had risen to $175 per helmet, without much in the way of explanation. I was in a bind an under a deadline, and I agreed. The day the package was arrived, I got another call saying that gold plating carried an additional $25 surcharge per part. This increased my original price of $250 for 2 helmets to now $400, plus return shipping. Angry, I requested they be shipped to another company for plating. M&amp;M then charged me (COD with no invoice) $100 for 2-day return shipping. Next-day air had cost me $46 less than a week before. This is the condition the helmets arrived in at the other shop: You can see the damage to certain areas noted by the arrows ( larger version here ) The helmets were not packaged in the box; merely thrown on top of the wrapping I had sent previously (they had been sent out by me wrapped very carefully in foam and bubble wrap to prevent the above from happening.) Additionally, the helmets themselves were greasy with fingerprints and other oils, which would have caused major imperfections in the finish. I offer this story as an caution – and hopefully warnings like this will come infrequently – to anyone who reads these posts of mine looking for similar processes. As someone who relies very heavily on reputation in order to have a continued supply of business, I don't see how anyone can operate in this manner. My contact there was generally abrasive on the phone, and obviously cared very little for my continued patronage. Vacuum-forming: Mike (BlindSquirrel), a fellow prop builder over at My Dumb Projects , took care of the vac-forming for me. Mike is a fantastic guy, an amazing craftsman, and his work on this project well exceeded my expectations. Actually, his patience was the best part, as my mold proved to be a frustrating piece of kit to work with (mostly because I didn't know how to build a proper vacuum-former mold) Eventually he worked out the kinks, with stellar results: The visor was tinted on the inside with car tail-light paint, called "VHT Nightshades" The result is a nearly opaque outer appearance, but only a tinting similar to dark sunglasses from the inside. This visor, like the rest of the helmet in this post, is a test piece. You'll notice some webbing in the PET plastic in the images. No sense testing the tint on a shiny, perfect piece! The back wire "hair" is a test piece for now, built with pieces I have laying about from other various projects. The actual plastic dome is built from the excess resin used trimmed out of the visor area. Currently the colors are incorrect, but this is just a "proof of theory" piece. New Chrome! The gold plating done in these shots was completed by " E7 Technologies " and is a process called Cosmichrome. While we're still getting some small issues worked out, this is a very cool technique. The people at E7 are everything that M&amp;M are not. They have helped me and been very accommodating through the entire process, and have been willing to run test pieces for me in order to achieve the best result. The images below are a shot of the "dud" helmet, which had too much orangepeel and issues with the finish to be called a success. Neat video of the chroming process: Part three should be the final chapter in this build, with everything coming together. Look for it around Halloween! Still to come.... EDIT: I'm currently working on a bit of a redesign here. Apologies of the site looks like crap for a little while. A commission came to me very, very last minute for a good friend of mine. He was planning on doing a Vault Dweller costume from Fallout 3, and needed a weapon in a month. Unfortunately I had other commissions, deadlines, and large projects to finish in that span of time. I looked at my schedule, decided I could shave off some sleep, and promised him 30 hours of build time. What follows is the result of that hurried errand. First, as always, I put together some blueprints. These are fairly low-detail, but work well for the scope of what I'm doing with this build. After this build was about 80% finished, I was pointed in the direction of currently-existing and much better and more accurate blueprints, but thats a story for when I take on this project again in the future and give it the proper time it deserves. In order to save time, my friend came over and traced my blueprints onto MDF. I taught him how to use a bandsaw (nothing like a crash course in something that can leave you fingerless!) and he went to town rough-cutting the shapes I'd refine later into the gun. Here's where we started: Impressive, right? I had a sick idea of just scotch-taping all these together, painting the whole thing silver, and handing it to him the day of the convention... but I'm not that mean. Ignore the lighter pieces near the bottom - those are part of another build. After cleaning up the cuts on a belt sander, I began the assembly of the main body in the 2 most prominent parts - the square "barrel" and the rear stock. These are both made from 1/2" MDF. The barrel has a few sections cut out for the microfusion cell... ...and a space for the rear stock and lower receiver to mount I used a table router to re-shape the holes in the stock and bevel the edges. This was also a low-budget build, so I didn't have the liberty of going out and buying fancy new holesaws. The lower support rod was made out of varying sized of pine dowel, threaded over a 1/4" aluminum bar. The front grip was made from 2 pieces of 3/4" MDF, screwed together and shaped on a belt sander. Styrene will eventually make up the grip texture. The microfusion cell was pieced together from some pre-existing elements. I had a small dome mold that I'm using on another project that happened to be pretty close. I pulled two of these and epoxied them around some 2" PVC pipe. MDF discs were affixed to the main body to make the housing around the cell. At this point, it started to resemble the final product! This is about 6 hours into the build ( Yes, I'm using "build" as a noun! Colloquial English; take that grammar sticklers! ) Styrene was added to the lower grip, as well as the cell eject lever and front barrel area for the raised textures The upper barrel pipe was made out of 3/8" steel pipe. This terminates into a lathed pine dowel glued to the barrel corner If you're wondering why some of these shots are so dark, recall that the "extra time" I found to build this came when I should have been sleeping. The bulk of this project was done between 10pm and 1am on most days... After a coat of primer and some sanding, I started scribing panel lines with a dremel tool, and adding screw recesses around the front of the barrel. Other details were added in MDF around the cell loading chamber, and the rear part of this area was faired down into the barrel of the gun with apoxie sculpt. I also added the raised pucks on the grip and stock. Recessed areas were drilled into the gun and filled with countersunk phillips screws More styrene and MDF pieces were added to the barrel and rear area of the gun to build up the details in these areas. The shapes of these were largely improvised, as by this point I only had 4 days left until my deadline with many other projects that needed completing. After this, the whole gun received a coat of gray primer to seal the remaining exposed wood. The first coat of paint went on shortly after the above finished drying. I used Krylon hammered silver, followed by a coat of Testor's Olive Drab on the main barrel. Fortunately for me, these guns are supposed to be 200+ years old in the Fallout 3 universe. That means its time for my favorite thing of all... heavy weathering! The basecoat of weathering was done with acrylic paints and matte gel medium. I did an initial coat of black, followed by browns and greens to simulate dirt and corrosion. After this dried, I gave the whole piece drybrush silver accents to simulate wear and tear from the wastelands. chipping away at the paint and caked-on dirt. The finished piece has a nice shimmer to the metallic silver drybrush, which simulates metal rather well. Finally, some more shots of the finished product from a few different angles. I'm still looking for a good way to transfer my vector decals to the gun. I tried water-slide as with my Portal gun build, but yellow ink on top of dark green showed up very poorly. There are a lot of details missing from the final product, so I want to return to this prop someday and build it without such an insane time restriction! I really wish I could have given this project a bit more time and been more dedicated to the intricate detail this gun has, but for a 4 day build this turned out better than I could have hoped. Happy Super Mutant Hunting! Wait. ...you know... I had this whole thing written out, and then I went to preview the blog entry, and something just didn't look right. The rifle was weathered, but it still looked too clean on that white background. The graphics of the Fallout games do a good job of making the weapons look blackened, but I felt like this needed a bit more. I went back after thinking about it, and decided to add some rust to the AER9. The shots above is how the gun was delivered and shown at the convention. Here's how it sits now: And, just for the hell of it, a modified version of one shot in the "Fallout 3" graphic style: (Higher res pic HERE , and more high-res shots of the build process available on my flickr page ) Ok, NOW we're done! I finally lost my mind enough to try to tackle one of these big guys. For those unfamiliar, Big Daddys are the protectors of the Little Sisters in Rapture, an underwater city devoid of morality which has degenerated into chaos and insanity. They are huge, fast, strong, and as it turns out, a solid pain in the ass to build. I'm going to break with tradition for a sec, and show you the finished product first. This is a long, long, long post that details nearly 7 solid weeks of work, and you guys deserve to know that the long post is quite necessary, and (I think) well worth the read. Credit goes to " scenemissingmagazine " on Flickr for this amazing photograph: (High-rez shot here) So, here's how I did it. First thing's first, I needed blueprints. I built these in Illustrator, based off some very good reference images that the guys at 2K published in their artbooks: Since this is such a large project, I'll break down the build process into partitions: The main body, the dome, the drill arm, the dome cage, other details, and the final paintwork. The Main Body Starting with the blueprints printed at full scale (HUGE) I made cross sections out of insulation foam and glued them into place. The empty areas between sections were filled with cardboard. This formed what I called the "skeleton" of the body. The empty cavities in the skeleton were then filled in with expanding foam After drying, the foam was carved into the shape of the main body After this was completed (and the foam given more drying time so it would retain its shape) the entire form was covered in stretch fabric. This smoothed out a lot of the lumpiness of the foam Accent areas around the arms, legs, and top of the body were made out of insulation foam, then glued to the body. Before coating with paint or fiberglass resin, these were covered with Ureshell to prevent the poly foam from dissolving. Certain areas on the body itself were also given a coat of Ureshell so they would not disintegrate. After this was dry, the entire body piece was given several applications of fiberglass resin. The front flap was added using more insulation foam, and also given a coat of Ureshell and resin. After this was dry, I began hollowing out the foam and cardboard. After adding some details on the body with foam tape, more ureshell, and more resin, I had a finished form! The Dome I started with a 24" smoked security camera dome off of eBay. This came from a demolished shopping center, and are actually hard to track down these days, given the much smaller size of most security cameras. I remember these all over the place as a kid. I was sent two of them for some reason, so if anyone wants the second one, just let me know. After trimming the square edge off, I cut a disc from insulation foam to serve as the "ring" around the dome. I made resin copies of wingnuts which were glued into place on the trim ring. About 15 of these resin duplicates weighed as much as a single wingnut. Since I had to wear this thing, every ounce saved counted! For the portholes, I made a single master out of PVC and MDF wood... ...which I molded in silicone. The portholes were all slush-cast to save weight and time in production. Also, this way, they're completely identical. The tape here is marking the spacing of the portholes After coating the dome in resin to thicken it a bit, I trimmed the porthole-holes with a dremel. The dome was a very brittle acrylic, so this was a nerve-wracking process! The drill arm Unfortunately, since this project was done in such a hurry, my process photography was somewhat lacking. The drill started out as an aluminum rod with 4 triangles of matteboard affixed to it. Rings of foam were made around the matteboard, then paper layered on top of that to create the cone shape. The actual "blade" of the drill bit is made from masking tape which has been layered in small sections to follow the curve of the drill sides. This piece was coated in several layers of fiberglass resin (some with tinting to check coverage) To create a really worn look, I added bits of debris to the fiberglass resin. This made a convincing textured metal finish in the end, as these parts were painted to look like rust, dents, and bits of splicer. A PVC cage and old DeWalt 12V cordless drill make up the support frame and motor for the drill. I moved the battery inside the body of the suit to save on weight hanging from my arms. The "housing" for this mechanism was made from a concrete tube, electrical conduit PVC and more foam tape. This was painted in ureshell to protect it during painting as well as to give it texture. The Dome Cage This was constructed mainly out of PVC electrical conduit. This pipe is gray in color and takes heat and bending much better than standard white PVC tubing. I bought 40 feet of it for this project and ended up using about 35. At only ¢88/10 feet though, this was an easy buy. The sides terminate into 3" PVC couplers. These slide over 3" PVC pipe anchored to the body that has been notched to be a sightly smaller diameter than 3". Since the wearer has to enter through the front porthole, the dome as well as the cage must be removable. The front of the cage is friction-fit at the top and bottom anchorpoints, as well as the sides, so it can easily be put on and taken off. A quick test of the body, dome, and cage. This is after the dome has had all portholes carved out and secured. Other Details An animatronic hand and arm extension were created for the left side of the suit. This would help prevent the "stubby arm" look I've seen on other Big Daddy suit builds The rear tank was made from a 12" concrete tube with foam plugs on the top and bottom carved to a dome shape. The bands around the tank were made with foam tape coated in Ureshell. I made a pushmold of some bolt heads for texture, these were cast in resin and added to the tank as well as the banding on the main body. Boltheads and a first coat of paint on the tank. The wheel at the top is a cake decoration from our local supermarket. The boots were made from more insulation foam. These give me about 6" of lift and make the feet look proportional to the rest of Big Daddy. I got this i
On pages 8-9 of Moral Panics and the Copyright Wars I discuss the aftermath of the shutdown of Napster in 2001. This period is interesting because it presented the music industry with something of a crossroads: Napster had demonstrated there was a huge potential market for digital distribution of singles. I use the word potential because the trick was converting the free Napster model into a paying one. I use crossroads because there were two fundamental choices: either (1) ignore this potential market in the hope that if it was shut off (by having enjoined illegal services and by not offering legal alternatives) the industry could go back to things the way they were, that is, selling CDs ; or, (2) realizing that the market for digital singles was the future and had to be served. This latter choice, by the way, did not mean ending the immediate sale of CDs , but it did mean that the industry would have itself have participated in the offering of a product (singles) that made CDs less attractive. For an industry that is so big on control, one would have thought that the rational choice was to at least participate in the new market at its inception and thereby have some measure of control over the phasing out of one product as the next takes over. As I noted on page 5 of Moral Panics, Ruth Handler, co-founder of Mattel and creator of the Barbie doll observed, "Anyone can manage the upside cycle ... The secret is managing a product down its life cycle properly." And all products have life cycles; suing tens of thousands of your customers may fend off the inevitable decline for a short period of time, but the cycle will win because one thing copyright infringement actions can never do is make people buy a product they do not want. The record industry's failure to adapt to the next product, digital singles, was suicidal. There is controversy over how the decision not to jump into the digital singles market took place, that is, whether there were collusive efforts to impede the new market. I have no special knowledge on this and therefore have to rely on published sources, whose accuracy is also in question, but by not taking the rational option -- serving the new market -- the industry left the market to be served illegally (and I use "illegally" deliberately, in place of the less judgmental word "unauthorized"). The industry didn't sit back entirely though, two online services were eventually created, MusicNet and PressPlay . These services were doomed to fail, though, because they each only offered music from their respective label partners, because the pricing was high, DRM laden, etc. As I note on pages 9-10 of Moral Panics, the Department of Justice began investigating allegations that the major labels had designed MusicNet and PressPlay to impede the growth of authorized distribution of music on the Internet, through refusing to issue licenses and by refusing to offer genuinely attractive services of their own. The D of J closed the investigation without taking action. In a spin off of the original Napster case, the VC firm Hummer Winblad (a defendant at that point) detailed allegations that the labels had withheld critical information from the D of J. Judge Patel required the labels to turn over to Hummer Winblad documents which HW alleged the labels had withheld from the D of J. After this order was issued, the case against HW was settled, so we never had the chance to see if the conspiracy theory was of the space alien variety or not. (See pages 9-10 of Moral Panics). We may get a second shot though. Yesterday , the Second Circuit issued an opinion in a separate antitrust case over price fixing by MusicNet and PressPlay . The court of appeals reversed dismissal of the case by the trial judge. The court of appeals ruling lets the case, and therefore discovery, go forward. Much in the opinion concerns the general pleading standard in the wake of the Supreme Court's opinion in Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly , 550 U.S. 544 (2007), and in letting the case go forward, the court of appeals did not pass on the merits of the allegations, instead holding that the allegations met the Twombly standard to survive a 12(b)(6) motion to dismiss. The allegations do provide some information on the post-Napster period, though. The court of appeals notes that in the post-Napster period, in order to obtain music from all the labels would have required consumers to subscribe to both services, at a cost then of $240 a year. What did one get for the $240? Each year, consumers were required to pay up again or else all the music they had purchased would have been blocked; songs couldn't be transferred to other devices, like iPods , and the DRM (which the court describes as unpopular) prohibited consumers from copying more than two songs from any artist. The court quoted an industry commentator who accurately concluded at the time that "nobody in their right mind will want to use" the two services. (Slip opn . page 4). The court also focused on the pricing of the services, noting that while many of the hard costs associated with CDs were dramatically reduced with CDs , "these dramatic cost reductions were not accompanied by dramatic price reductions for Internet Music, as would be expected in a competitive market." (Slip opn . page 4). To the contrary, the complaint alleges that there were parallel prices increases, enforced through MFN clauses that were contained in secret side agreements. (Slip opn . at 12). The case is one to follow, hopefully for the light it will shed into actual, behind the scenes practices during a critical period. Postscript: Ann Garrett has written me to correct a number of mistakes in the post regarding MusicNet. Here, with permission, are her comments. (Thanks Ann): Mr. Patry, in your blog “Moral Panics and the Copyright Wars” related to the entry on Jan. 14 ~ “MusicNet, Pressplay and Lost Opportunities” your premise: “… two online services were eventually created, MusicNet and PressPlay. These services were doomed to fail…” . As for MusicNet there never was a service. MusicNet (dba MediaNet) was and still is a platform that aggregates and distributes premium digital content to companies creating music-centric apps and services, online retail destinations or adding music content to web sites. The notion that the record companies agreed to launch two competing services that excluded content, fixed prices and ultimately failed, makes a compelling narrative. You’ll recall that this storyline was first written about eight years ago and since then has been repeated over and over again until it has become urban legend. But it has little to do with the actual history of MusicNet. Without going into too much detail on that history, here are some key points: · MusicNet was incubated at Real Networks which was its largest shareholder. Two labels subsequently came in as investors – WMG and EMI. Bertelsmann made an investment as well but this ended up hurting our relationship with the record company, BMG, which had minimal contact and didn’t seem to get along with the Bertelsmann guys. A New York-based private equity company bought out all the original investors and became the sole shareholder of MusicNet (today known as MediaNet). · Negotiating licenses with all the majors, indies and aggregators was a difficult and time-consuming process then and it still is today. As a rule of thumb we expect it to take about a year to add each new set of rights - subscriptions, download sales, on-demand streams, etc. The available content expanded from about 100,000 tracks nine years ago to ten million plus today but there were key hurdles along the way: o Record companies had an extremely difficult time initially clearing digital rights with their artists. No sooner did we add Dave Mathews than his lawyer demanded we take it down until his label, RCA records, negotiated an additional advance for exploitation of digital rights. High profile artists like Metallica had full control of their distribution and wouldn’t agree to make their catalogs available. Some artists agreed to offer their repertoire for download sales but not subscriptions and vice versa. Many tracks were in dispute because the artist had changed labels and the labels were subsequently consolidated under new companies, or the content was part of a compilation, or in the case of urban music, samples from other artists were used extensively. Through a long, deliberate process we have whittled down the high profile hold-outs to the Beatles , AC/DC and a handful of others. o Publishing clearances were a nightmare. It was only last year that the CRB came up with a statutory rate and licensing and payment standards. o Recorded music was mostly limited to a million or so major label and key indie tracks compared to the many millions available today. This has been due to incredible growth among Indie labels and music aggregators. · The rumors of our demise have been greatly exaggerated. MusicNet continues to be the most important digital service provider in the industry. Over the years we have powered every major brand from Yahoo and Microsoft in the US , to Tesco and HMV in the UK , and Samsung in Germany &amp; France . Our last quarter was our best ever and with the launch of our new product line, MN Open, we expect good results in 2010. · MusicNet has never built or marketed a service directly to consumers. Retail pricing has always been set by our customers. We pass through content costs and charge a transactional fee for our services. Should you need more details behind the growth and success of MusicNet (dba MediaNet), I am happy to connect you with our longtime CEO Alan McGlade. I am hopeful you can clarify MusicNet’s position in your blog entry. Best regards, Ann Garrett MediaNet There was a time when Netflix had a great business model: instead of having to get in your car, schlep to the nearest video rental store, pay late fees, and compete with others for the latest blockbuster movie (because, as the name Blockbuster Video implied, there wasn't a lot of anything else), you could, from the comfort of your home order movies to be mailed to your house. For a monthly subscription fee, you could keep them without paying late fees (this helped Netflix too, by cutting down on its postage costs), and the selection was also long-tail. As a result, I rented watched many, many more movies than I would have. However, in the wake of its deal with Warner, in which Netflix agreed to a 28 day embargo on renting the latest movies, in exchange for reduced DVD purchase costs, I have cancelled my subscription. Netflix's new business model is, apparently, the old business model of businesses first, consumers last. I expect the new business model will also be bad for Netflix and the studios. Instead of watching movies, I will do something else. Nor does the business model make sense now: it assumes that consumers want something -- to rent -- but that the studios, by depriving consumers of what they want, will be able to force them to do something they don't want to do: buy. I doubt it. I rented movies to watch them once. If I couldn't rent them, I didn't buy them. Why not? Because movies are just not important in the larger scheme of life or even the smaller scheme of consumer behavior: movies are merely entertainment, and usually trivial entertainment that doesn't warrant going out of your way to accommodate a scheme set up to frustrate your desires. If I couldn't rent a movie I did something else, and usually did that something else first anyway. Picking up a book, practicing clarinet, reading the New Yorker, are all perfectly fine, and usually better, alternatives. And if I did want to buy a movie, I would do it regardless of whether I could rent it, so the idea that the studios and Netflix can get consumers to buy when they only want to rent, doesn't make sense to me. What does make sense to me is to not give money to those who don't care about offering me what I want, and that's what I have done by cancelling my Netflix subscription; not out of spite or anger (its too trivial to get upset about anyway), but because its the wrong business model. When I was in Geneva two weeks ago, I gave a 16 minute video interview to Intellectual Property Watch, a Geneva-based publication. Here is the link. Other than the very beginning, where it looks like I am posing for a death mask, the interview is, I think, a good summary of what I was trying to accomplish in writing the book, and it contains analysis of how one metaphor ("a rising tide lifts all boats") works. When I worked for the U.S. House of Representatives, one of my favorite Congressmen was Dan Glickman , of Kansas. (Another was Howard Berman ). Mr. Glickman , along with 34 other Democrats, was defeated in the Republican 1994 electoral rout, and the following year he became President Clinton's Secretary of Agriculture, where he served with great distinction. In 2004, he succeeded Jack Valenti as head of the Motion Picture Association of America -- a hard act for anyone to follow. He recently announced he would retire at the end of his contract next year. Mr. Glickman has always been a sensible person, not given to extreme statements, and more interested in working through problems than in creating them. High-flying rhetoric is out of character. For this reason, I was surprised by a story in Wired back in late November about a letter he sent to the Senate Judiciary Committee on ACTA . It didn't surprise me that MPAA strongly supports ACTA , but what did surprise me was the letter's effort to create a moral panic about those who oppose ACTA . In the letter, he says : Opponents of ACTA are either indifferent to [worldwide piracy] or actively hostile toward efforts to improve copyright enforcement worldwide. Many of them decried the WTO TRIPS agreement when it came into force in the 1990's and they now insist that any effort to build upon the TRIPS minimum standards for enforcement is "anti-consumer" and "anti-innovation." None of those statements are true, and there is an unfortunate, careless eliding of a number of points to misstate positions. The parts of ACTA that are controversial are not the parts that deal with customs and counterfeiting enforcement. Aside from some early wild conjectures about the scope of ACTA's customs proposals caused by the secrecy of the text, no one, as far as I know, has been critical of the very provisions that concern actual enforcement of rights against counterfeiters: MPAA is right to want to stamp out such conduct, and if improvements in global standards are required , we should improve them.There is no indifference or hostility on this issue. The next part of the statement about opposition to TRIPS is also false. I worked on the TRIPS implementing legislation on the House. Mr. Glickman did not, presumably, he was rightly focused on the agricultural provisions. I am not aware of anyone (much less "many") who at the time decried the TRIPS provisions on enforcement. No one called them anti-consumer or anti-innovation, or was hostile or indifferent to counterfeiting. Let's debate the merits of proposals, and skip the false rhetoric. Today, at the WIPO Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights in Geneva, various statements were introduced by governments on a proposed treaty for the visually impaired. In the interest of full disclosure, my employer recently submitted to the U.S. Copyright Office a statement in support of the treaty (See here ). A number of developing countries' positions were disappointing in their lack of meaningful support of the proposed treaty. Certainly if those making statements in actual opposition had available to them the minuscule amount the visually impaired have, their views would be quite different. Theirs is a failure both of compassion and a failure to recognize the positive role of copyright in furthering access. Some apparently are willing to sacrifice the neediest in order to hold on to more than they already deserve. It is easy to find reasons not to do something; the mark of a generous and compassionate soul is finding reasons to do something. In this context, I applaud and we all should applaud the statement submitted by United States (available here ). The statement is the most genuinely balanced and forward-looking U.S. government document on copyright I have read since the days of the great Registers of Copyrights, Abraham Kaminstein and Barbara Ringer. Kudos to Justin Hughes, head of the U.S. delegation. I quote only the final paragraph, but one should read it all: We recognize that some in the international copyright community believe that any international consensus on substantive limitations and exceptions to copyright law would weaken international copyright law. The United States does not share that point of view. The United States is committed to both better exceptions in copyright law and better enforcement of copyright law. Indeed, as we work with countries to establish consensus on proper, basic exceptions within copyright law, we will ask countries to work with us to improve the enforcement of copyright. This is part and parcel of a balanced international system of intellectual property. In my last posting  I discussed reviews of the Moral Panics book, and my disappointment with a too-common failure to do much more than a USA Today- type superficial nuggets approach. I thought it might help to give an example. I have chosen the most recent review, by Nate Anderson at Ars Technica since neither Nate nor Ars Technica can be considered to opposed to the book’s project, and since I am a big fan of the blog, which has consistently done excellent work.   My purpose therefore is not to criticize Nate or Ars Technica but rather to show how even friendly venues can fall short. Nate’s review diminishes the book to a series of juicy metaphors which he   quotes in bullet points; having done so, he then characterizes the book as a screed. I am described as someone who when, “once freed from the shackles of legal writing, … can lob hand grenades with the best of them.” The reference to bomb throwing of course is itself perfect figurative language for talking about a book about Copyright Wars, an irony perhaps Nate appreciates, or not.   I chose the word “irony” here purposefully because after reducing the book to a series of metaphors, Nate comments: Not that there's anything wrong with a good screed; in the right hands, the screed can be a hugely enjoyable form. But there's a certain irony about the method here. The quotes above rely on the most vivid of metaphor … in order to discredit what they describe, yet this is exactly what Patry spends much of the book accusing Big Content of doing. So the book is a series of bomb-throwing, and even worse it’s a book about how bad bomb-throwing is. I must indeed be a hypocrite. There is apparently nothing more to the book, so it can easily be dismissed as a screed, good or not, that falls prey to the very disease it is trying to extirpate. Another failed, lousy book, next story.    Since the book is 200 pages of text (not counting footnotes), there must be an awful lot of   bomb-throwing, indeed this appears to be all Nate read since he states, “the tone here gets so one-sided at points that all but the most hardened copyfighter will probably set the book down at some passages, scratch the chin, and ask, "’Really?’" No examples of this are given, but we get the point from the bullet-point list of choice metaphors: the book is page after relentless page of metaphoric attacks on copyright owners.   No doubt this makes for an easy review, but it is a false characterization of the book. So let’s discuss what is actually in the book. Here is the table of contents:  Chapter 1 How the Copyright Wars Are Being Fought and Why 1 The Copyright Wars and Business Models 2 The Internet and Push versus Pull Marketing 5 Appetite for Self-Destruction: The Record Industry’s Failure     to Offer an Alternative to Napster 8 The Copyright Wars and the Great Cultural Revolution 10 The Digital Guillotine 11 The Copyright Wars and Framing 14 The Copyright Wars and Piracy 15 The Copyright Wars and Marketing Myopia 23   Control as the Business Model 26 Chicken Little and False Figures 30 Copyright, Innovation, and Joseph Schumpeter’s “Creative Destruction” 36 The Copyright Wars as a Rearguard Effort to Stave Off     Innovation 39   Chapter 2 The Role of Metaphors in Understanding 43 Figurative Metaphors 44 I.A. Richards and the Beginning of Conceptual     Metaphors 45 Max Black’s Theory of Associated Commonplaces 46 The Role of Repetition in Metaphors 47   Conceptual Metaphors 49 Metaphors and Emotion 52 Emotions and Cognitive Misers 54   Chapter 3 Metaphors and the Law 57 Ideas as Metaphors 58   Chapter 4   The Mythical Origins of Copyright and Three Favorite Copyright Metaphors 61 The Mythical Origins of Copyright 61 The Utilitarian/Consequentialist Origin Story 62 Competition and IP Rights 63 The Labor Origin Story 65 Natural Rights and Geniuses 65 Copyright Has Historically Been Unimportant to   Authors 67 Three Favorite Copyright Metaphors 69 Authors as the Parents of their Works: The Birth   Metaphor 69 No Author Is an Island 71 Copyright Is an Economic Commodity 75 Orphan Works 76 The Agrarian Metaphor: Reaping What   You Haven’t Sown 78 Origins of the Metaphor 79 Rejection of the Metaphor in the United States 83 Forms of the Metaphor 84 Thieves and Trespassers, Pirates and Parasites 86   Chapter 5 Property as Social Relationships 97 The Myths of Economic Freedom and Market   Fundamentalism 98 Social Relationships 102 Use of Metaphors in Establishing Claims to Property   Rights 104 Blackstone and the Nature of Property 105   Chapter 6   Why Classifying Copyright as Property Is Important   in the Copyright Wars 109 Copyright as Social Relations, Not as a Property Right 109 The Ahistorical Claim that Copyright Is a   Natural Property Right 112 Authors and Trickle Down Economics 114 Copyright Now as Then: Plus ça Change,   Plus C’est la Même Chose 119 Copyright as a Statutory Tort 121 Property Rights Involve Burdens, Not Just Benefits 122 Why Do Copyright Owners Continue to Refer to Copyright as a Property Right? 124 Property Rights as a Burden-Shifting Tool 124 The Endowment and Attachment Effects 129 The Endowment Effect 130 The Attachment Effect 131   Chapter 7   Moral Panics, Folk Devils, and Fear as   a Tactical Weapon 133 Moral Panics 133 Folk Devils 138   Chapter 8 Copyright Owners and Moral Panics 139 Jack Valenti: Master of Moral Panics 139 Moral Panics, Home Video, and the Boston Strangler:   The Real Story 142 The Home Video Market and Thomas Edison 142 Cartrivision and the First Home Rental Market 144 The Betamax Case and the Fight for the Home Video Market 144 The Redbox Suit 158 The Digital Millennium Copyright Act 161 Access Controls 161 Take-Down Notices Under the DMCA: Suppression of Free Speech and Creativity 169   Chapter 9   How Innovation Occurs: Creative Destruction and Disruptive Technologies 171 The Design of the Internet and the World Wide Web 178 The Barbarian as the Gatekeeper 181 The Associated Press 182 ACAP 186 South Korea and Japan: The Future Is Here 190 South Korea 190 Japan 195 Conclusion 198 The first chapter, like most first chapters of books, sets out what the problems are. This is as far as most reviewers go, and they don’t even go very far into the first chapter. In identifying what the problems are, the purpose is not as Nate’s review suggests and too many others believe, to attack copyright. Instead, the why of the Copyright Wars is described as being economic. On page 36, I state: The economic conflict at the heart of the Copyright Wars lies in what economist Joseph Schumpeter termed “creative destruction”: the introduction of innovative products and business models that displace old ones. Far from being a threat to capitalism, Schumpeter’s great insight was that creative destruction “incessantly revolutionizes the economic structure from within, incessantly destroying the old one, incessantly creative a new one. This process of creative destruction is the essential fact about capitalism. It is what capitalism consists in and what every capitalist concern has got to live in.” “Capitalism is, Schumpeter described, “by nature a . . . method of economic change and not only never is but can never be stationary.” “Stabilized capitalism is a contradiction in terms.” As an inherent fact, “every company [must] prepare the way for its own disruption.” Innovation—the root cause of creative destruction—is thus the way capitalism survives its own inherent tendency toward monopolization and stagnation, even as innovation is regarded as an existential threat to those who benefit from the status quo. In Schumpeter’s words, “a new firm’s intrusion into an existing industry always entails ‘warring’ with an ‘old sphere,’ which tries to prohibit, discredit, or otherwise restrict every advantage afforded to the new form by its innovation. Given the inevitability of such counter-innovative instincts by existing business, in order to ensure the continued vitality of innovation and capitalism itself, we must encourage innovation rather than try to kill it off as the copyright industries do. I follow this up in chapter 9 with a much more detailed discussion of Schumpeter and the economics of the Copyright Wars. On page 102, I place copyright owners within this context, stating: This is not to suggest that the copyright industries are venal; quite the contrary, it is to argue that they are all too normal. Distorted incentives lead to distorted conduct; because our current copyright laws provide rights and remedies that are far beyond what is necessary for copyright owners to recoup their investments and make respectable profits, and instead give copyright owners powerful weapons to quash competition and control consumers, we should not be surprised that the copyright industries utilize those weapons (and then some). In this respect, the copyright industries are no different than Wall Street or any other company placed in a similar situation.  In Nate’s review, there is not a single mention of book’s economic analysis even though it is the heart of the book. There is not a single mention of the book’s extensive examination of the economic evidence presented by copyright owners, and this is indeed ironic given that I quote from Ars Technica’s own leading work on this. See pages 31-36 of the book.   Nor is there any discussion of the book’s emphasis on the different nature of marketing in the content industries and in other, consumer-first industries. I discuss the work of Harvard Business School professor Theodore Levitt. I say on page 23 (is it too much to read 23 pages???): “Although usually written about as battles over technology or principles, the Copyright Wars are instead centrally rooted, what Harvard Business School professor Theodore Levitt called ‘marketing myopia.’” I then discuss these theories, including Levitt’s own take on Hollywood. But rather than simply say that some content owners are bad, bad, bad, I try to understand the source of the problem. Here is what I say on page 26: The myopia stems from corporate copyright owners’ adoption of control as their principal business model—closed systems, in which copyright owners tightly control everything connected to their works: which play back devices will be offered to the public; what types of access controls will be interposed before consumers can ever see, hear, or in the case of books or other literary works, even read a snippet of the work; the time period during which consumers will have access to the work; how many times can consumers see, hear, or read the work; in what format will consumers be able to access the work; what will they be able to do with the work once they finally access it: Can they copy reasonable portions for criticism and comment, can they make personal use copies or copies for use on other devices, can they use parts of the work to make other new works, including mash-ups? I then tie this in turn into the mantra that content is king, and instead assert that the consumer is king simply because copyright cannot be used to get a single consumer to buy anything. It is only consumer demand for products or services that gets copyright owners money. I have said over and over again that I want copyright owners to succeed, and that we all should want copyright owners to succeed, but by satisfying consumer demand, not by thwarting it. Nate’s review has no discussion of this part of the book at all, even though it is a central thesis of the book. Instead, we have below-the-belt shots like the end of the review: The views may not be Google's, but it's not hard to see why Patry has landed at an aggregator and indexer of content rather than a creator of it. Which, in a way, is too bad—making him the top lawyer at the MPAA or RIAA would be fascinating to watch, though we're doubtful that those atop the big content industries share his easy confidence that innovation quickly produces greater profits, or that ‘less copyright law" can be "better copyright law." Nate is referring to the disclaimer in the book, which states the book represents my views, not Google’s. The above quote from his review is designed to both acknowledge that disclaimer and deny it in the same breath. There is nothing in the book that advocates for less copyright law, a sentiment I in fact criticize. Instead I argue for effective copyright laws. (Pages 37-38).   We all benefit from effective copyright laws and we all suffer from ineffective laws. What I dispute is that copyright is a zero sum game, but that argument, like advocating effective copyright laws, doesn’t make good press. Here is what I actually say: For policy makers and the public, copyright is not a winner-takes-all proposition. Copyright is a system to advance public interests; those interests can be furthered by a copyright regime tailored to provide sufficient incentives to create new works.  (Page 37). That’s a far cry from simply shilling for aggregators (a term I reject anyway) or calling for less copyright law. Nor is there any discussion in the review of chapters 5 and 6 of the book, which discuss the implications of   the debate about copyright as property, and in which I instead take the view that copyright is a set of social relationships. The purpose of viewing copyright that way is again not to take sides, but rather to call for debating the issues on the merits. Hence on page 109, I say: “The advantage in regarding copyright as a system of social relationships is that it focuses attention where it belongs: in mediating conflicts within that system … .”   Such an approach does not favor aggregators or content owners, but rather asks that we consider the effects of legislation on society as a whole, a whole that includes everyone as a “stakeholder,” to use a current buzzword. Does that view stem from being employed by Google, does it favor Google? Obviously not, but one would never know that is my view from the review. Finally, what about the book’s own use of metaphors? Is it indicative that I unwittingly fell prey to the very tactic I supposedly condemn?   I don’t know how to respond to such a ridiculous question. It assumes that in writing a book that focuses on language I was unaware of the very language I was using and how it would be perceived by others, and that reviewers -- who have neither done their own research nor written their own books – somehow managed to burrow into the book and come up with a gotcha: in your dreams.   Here is what I say about this exact point (having anticipated it in the book itself, mind you): The danger of conceptual metaphors in law is easy to identify. Inferences inherent in the source domain (say, sharks) are automatically mapped onto the target domain (say, lawyers) where they become an inherent part of how we reason about the target domain (lawyers are sharks). This process is not one of comparison, where we merely note similarities and differences between two preexisting categories (like chicken and pheasant); instead, the mapping of inferences from the source to the target domain creates meaning in the target domain that did not exist before. Such mapping, however, may not always be apt; it may in fact be horribly wrong. Lord Palmerston once quipped: “Half the wrong assumptions at which mankind arrive are reached by the abuse of metaphors, and by mistaking general resemblance or imaginary similarity for real identity.” In la
 Happy SXSW week to you and yours. Once again I will not be attending, although I recently wondered if I could have gotten a record label or PR firm to cover my airfare and bar tabs while I whore myself for whatever bands they have in attendance. On the other hand, I harbor a dislike for much “indie” music and can see where it may have ended up as a “Fear & Loathing on 6th Street” type of occasion. “We were somewhere over Louisiana when the drugs began to take hold...” Anyway, as you might guess, my inbox was full of notices about appearances at SXSW. Probably the majority of the bands in today’s post will be there, but I can’t be arsed to dig up schedules for you. If you like the band and you’re going to be in Austin this week, I’m sure you’ll figure it out. This is a pretty small inbox purge because a lot of the stuff I received was electronica or whiney, self-indulgent indie/emo stuff or some mash-up/remix of the two genres, and I’m really not in the mood to hear that. The top stuff today is easily The Choke and The Ex-Girlfriend’s Club. Both bands bring the garage rock sound that I so enjoy. Also, if you think back to my last mailbox post , you’ll recollect Pack A.D. Well, as the fates would have it, The Choke are on tour with Pack A.D. You’ll definitely want to check out that bill if they come to a town near you. The Koot Hoomi track comes from a Hall and Oates tribute album the group did. It’s called The Dark Side of Hall and Oates and is bizarre enough that it warranted inclusion here. As always, follow the links for more information. The Choke Garage / Punk / Soul From: New York, N.Y. Band MySpace Tuff Kids.mp3 Shaka Ponk Rock / Electro / Experimental From: Berlin, Germany Band MySpace Do.mp3 Cary Ann Hearst Folk Rock / Southern Rock / Roots Music From: Charlotte, S.C. Band MySpace Are You Ready to Die.mp3 April Smith Melodramatic Popular Song / Pop / Folk Rock From: Brooklyn, N.Y. Band MySpace Movie Loves a Screen.mp3 Koot Hoomi Experimental / Indie / Acoustic From: Tempe, Ariz. Band MySpace Maneater (Hall and Oates cover).mp3 The Ex-Girlfriend’s Club Garage / Rock / Glam From: Portland, Ore. Band MySpace Devil Eyes.mp3 ~~~~~ ( Pictures, top-to-bottom: The Choke, April Smith ) For David Lee Roth lightening struck twice when he tapped guitar virtuoso Steve Vai for his first full-length solo album, 1986’s Eat ‘em and Smile . Following a decade alongside Eddie Van Halen, anything less would have seemed as if Diamond Dave were just settling for what he could get. Instead, he dove into his solo career with a big splash, introducing to the world one of the few guitarists who could arguably out-Van Halen Eddie Van Halen. Steve Vai had, of course, been around for years before DLR brought him on board: He’d been working with Frank Zappa since 1979 and was often credited on Zappa’s albums as performing “stunt guitar” or “impossible guitar parts.” Vai left as Zappa’s fulltime guitar player in the early 80s, releasing a solo album and serving a short time as Yngwie Malmsteen’s replacement in Alcatrazz. Then, in 1985, he made the career move that would catapult him onto rock’s world stage. In an old interview with the DLR Army fansite , Vai reminisced about how he ended up joining forces with Diamond Dave. Billy Sheehan, who would play bass on Eat ‘em and Smile , recommended Vai to Dave. “I’ll never forget,” Vai said. “I was in the shower, covered in soap, and a call came in: ‘Hey, this is Dave Roth, man!’ I was like, ‘No, it's not!’ He said, ‘Yeah man, we’re putting a group together.’” Eat ‘em and Smile came out to mostly positive reviews. Critics agreed the album was fun in the style of the early Van Halen albums and was actually better than the slick pop rock coming from Dave’s old band mates. Some even called it the “real” follow-up to 1984 . Shy Boy.mp3 In this age of iPods and iTunes and random singles, it’s unusual to sit and listen to an entire album. This past week, though, I’ve been in the mood to put on an album (OK, a CD, whatever) and listen to the whole thing. Call it random song burnout, but I’ve gotten tired of hearing whatever comes up on “shuffle.” I want control over my musical destiny. One of the disks I listened to this weekend was AC/DC’s U.S. debut, High Voltage . I specify the U.S. debut, because that’s the one I have, and also because this version was actually a compilation of AC/DC’s first two Australian releases, High Voltage and T.N.T . Their Aussie debut release also had a much different track list than what the rest of the world would get. The album that hit these shores in May 1976 included only two tracks from the original Australian release, with the rest of its songs being pulled from T.N.T. The track I’m reaching out for today, “Little Lover,” is one of the two from the original release that made it onto the international version. Typical of many AC/DC songs from this era, it’s a sleazy, bluesy romp about a groupie (“When the band said goodnight, I had to say hello”). It’s also one of my favorites from this album and one you probably never hear anymore. Little Lover.mp3 ~~~~~ ( Can You Go a Little Deeper is an irregularly recurring feature here wherein I resurrect old favorites, lost songs, and other things you maybe haven’t heard in a while ) When I was back there in seminary school.... Oh wait, that’s a different story. How about “when I was back there in high school...” ... I saw Devo make their network television debut on Saturday Night Live. Although many of my tastes were very white bread and mainstream, I was also drawn toward music that was outside of that box. In the harsh world of high school, those tastes were seldom met with approval. Such was the case when, the Monday after their October 1978 appearance on SNL, I went to school raving about this band who had quirkily covered “Satisfaction” and had the gall to appear dressed in yellow jumpsuits like some freaks from another planet, while preaching de-evolution. And all this just a week after the Stones themselves had graced the stage at Studio 8H. SNL was still relatively new and hip then, so everyone watched it and everyone had seen Devo and everyone hated them. Those of you who are still just a few years removed from high school will remember how fear of the unknown and different is a potent virus that pervades every school, everywhere. So of course a couple of weeks later, when I showed up at school sporting a Devo t-shirt, it was greeted with hatred and derision by the cool kids rocking their Mahogany Rush tees. tl;dr? I’m posting Devo, not Mahogany Rush. This is a collection of live Devo, recorded at various venues and at various dates, from the 1978 SNL appearance through a 1988 performance of “Girl U Want.” Unfortunately, other than rough dates, I don’t have any additional information on where the songs come from. (I Can’t Get No) Satisfaction.mp3 ~ SNL, 1978 Mongoloid.mp3 ~ 1978 Uncontrollable Urge.mp3 ~ 1978 It Takes A Worried Man.mp3 ~ 1980 Gates of Steel.mp3 ~ 1980 I Saw Jesus / Through Being Cool.mp3 ~ 1981 Working In A Coalmine.mp3 ~ 1981 Smart Patrol / Jerkin’ Back and Forth.mp3 ~ 1981 Patterns.mp3 ~ 1982 Girl U Want.mp3 ~ 1988 That’s Good.mp3 ~ 1988 Is it too early in the day to star drinking whiskey? ‘Cause dammit that’s what Popa Chubby makes me want to do. Popa Chubby (more on the name in a bit) plays the kind of raunchy blues / rock-a-billy / old-school country that you want to hear in a bar, not sitting on the couch in your living room at 10 in the morning. Last year he released his 19th album, Vicious Country , a disk that not only showed off his talent on the guitar, but also paid tribute to the legendary music that has influenced him along the way. The album, while not attracting much mainstream attention, continued to build on the legend that is Chubby. Ted Horowitz came out of the Bronx, raised on Clapton, Hendrix, and the Stones. By the time he was in his early 20’s, he had found his love for the blues, but had also found his way into occasional work with Richard Hell. Ted’s first big break was winning a national blues talent search sponsored by KLON, a public radio station in Long Beach, Calif. I’ve found two versions as to how Ted Horowitz became Popa Chubby. The first comes from something Chubby himself said. He was jamming one night with Bernie Worrell of Parliament-Funkadelic, he says, and, “He was singing a song called ‘Popa Chubby’ and he pointed at me.” “Popa Chubby basically means to get excited. The core of my music is about excitement. I think music should make people feel alive.” The other version – unsourced, I might add, but on the Popa Chubby Wiki page – claims the name is a variation of the term “pop a chubby.” My guess is that, as usual, the truth is somewhere between the two versions. Popa Chubby’s 20th album, The Fight Is On , is due out March 22. If you can’t find it your local big box retailer (haha!), you can order it from the Popa Chubby website . In the meantime, here are a couple of things from the Vicious Country LP. The woman on vocals is Galea, Chubby’s sometime bass player and longtime collaborator. Break Me Down.mp3 Satan is Real / Straight to Hell (Hank III cover).mp3 Harper Valley P.T.A. (Jeannie C. Riley cover).mp3 Right now seems as good a time as any to bring you up to speed on erstwhile Guns N’ Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin. Of course you know Izzy left the Gunners in late 1991 to pursue other interests. He released his debut solo album, Izzy Stradlin & the Ju Ju Hounds within a short time of leaving G n’ R, seemingly disappeared for six years, then released a second solo effort in 1998. The next year, Izzy released the Japan-only Ride On , followed in (relatively) quick succession by two more albums, both released on independent labels. Since then, Izzy has stuck to Internet-only releases, supported by a small but loyal fan base. His latest disk, Smoke , was released last November with no real media attention, but a lot of excitement from Izzy’s fans: Comments such as “Simply Izzy.... signature,” and “guaranteed Izzy, nothing more, nothing less,” were posted on the ChopAway Website following the album’s release. I haven’t listened to any new Izzy Stradlin music in probably 10 years. Once in a while I’ll pull out the Ju Ju Hounds disk, which I love, and give that a spin. And I’ve always appreciated Izzy’s serious Ron Wood influence. In fact, if memory serves, they actually did a song together many years ago. Smoke picks up where I left off with Izzy 10 years ago. He still plays bluesy rock ‘n’ roll and still flaunts his Stones influence. With no industry suits breathing down his neck, Izzy is free to make the music he and his fans enjoy. Sometimes it's refreshing to hear something that hasn't changed to suit the times. Comfort Zone.mp3 To my knowledge, Smoke is available only through iTunes, although some of his older albums are on Amazon. I figure the last day of the month is as good a time as any to dump out the mailbox. Start fresh next month and all that. A lot of stuff from bands that are going to be at SXSW next month. I’ll be not attending again this year, so who plays or doesn’t play isn’t going to much affect me. Just send me good music if you want me to post it. Kthx. I’m gonna jump right in with my pick of the litter. The Pack A.D., from the home of the 2010 Winter Olympics, are a duet – guitar and drums a la Jack and Meg – and take a similar, garage/blues approach to their music. Singer Becky Black has garnered more than a few comparisons to a certain legendary 60's whiskey-throated blues shouter. I really liked this band and look forward to hearing more of their music. A couple of other things that are interesting: Patrick Bower’s “The Dark Lord (of Love)” has a weird, dark sound to it and made me want to hear it more than once. Moneybrother’s “Born Under a Bad Sign” is another of those tracks I almost passed on, but, after a couple of listens, decided to include. It’s a sort of poppy, dancey, type of thing. Maybe like something from the first Killers album or something. Just know that it’s not a cover of the Albert King classic. The very last song on today’s list, “Sleepwalking,” I decided to include sight unseen. That is to say, I didn’t even care if the music was up to my usual rigorous standards. Everything Is Made In China, or EIMIC as their friends call them, come from Russia. When was the last time you heard a Russian pop band? Exactly. So they get a mention just for that. As always, follow the links for more information. Blunt Mechanic Indie / Folk / Punk From: Seattle, Wash. Band MySpace Less Beat.mp3 Becca Rock / Pop / Acoustic From: Portland, Ore. Band MySpace Kickin’ & Screamin’.mp3 Nick Jaina Folk / Pop / Indie From: Portland, Ore. Band MySpace Sleep Child.mp3 Cast Spells Acoustic / Country / Folk From: Chicago, Ill. Band MySpace Pioneer Scalps.mp3 Patrick Bower Indie / Folk / Pop From: Brooklyn, N.Y. Band MySpace The Dark Lord (of Love).mp3 The Pack A.D. Garage / Rock / Punk From: Vancouver, Canada Band MySpace Crazy.mp3 Resonant Soul Alternative / Rock / Indie From: Toledo, Ohio Band MySpace House of the Rising Sun (Animals cover).mp3 Velvet Davenport Psychedelic / Pop From: Minneapolis, Minn. Band MySpace Get Out.mp3 The Dig Rock / Indie / Pop From: New York, N.Y. Band MySpace You’re Already Gone.mp3 Shellshag Punk / Rock From: Brooklyn, N.Y. Band MySpace Resilient Bastard.mp3 Friday Mile Indie / Rock / Pop From: Seattle, Wash. Band MySpace FYI.mp3 Moneybrother Rock / Pop From: Stockholm, Sweden Band MySpace Born Under a Bad Sign.mp3 EIMIC Rock / Other From: Moscow, Russian Federation Band MySpace Sleepwalking.mp3 ~~~~~ ( Pictures, top-to-bottom: Becca, The Pack A.D., Shellshag ) I can’t even count the number of times I’ve posted up some Aerosmith and tried to qualify the post by saying something like, “Well, back when they were good...” Despite all qualifications, I happened recently to run up on some newer Aerosmith that’s pretty good. So I think I’ve found the problem: They need to cut out the shit in the studio. I found a couple of disks of demos and damned if even the crap songs from the later albums sound decent when they’re unadorned by studio fluffery. Prime example: “Living on the Edge,” which was, in my opinion, a typical late model, Aerosmith pop song. The demo shows the song stripped down and raw, before Bruce Fairburn glossed it up and turned it into mainstream mediocrity. This collection, which was probably assembled by a fan, is titled Divers Aerosmith . I don’t know if that’s meant to be “Diver’s” or “Diverse.” Regardless, the original set had 32 songs, some of which had been released commercially, some of which had poor sound quality, and some of which just sucked (i.e. an orchestral version of “Crazy”). I trimmed the fat and ended up with 11 songs that I think are pretty quality. With the exception of “Mama Kin” and “Walk This Way,” everything comes from Permanent Vacation or newer. And, to the best of my knowledge, nothing here has been commercially released. Bottom line: Here’s yet another Aerosmith post. You know we're all still fans. Buried Alive.mp3 ~ Pump outtake Crazy.mp3 ~ acoustic version Guilty Kilt.mp3 Hollywood.mp3 ~ Permanent Vacation demo Line Up.mp3 ~ smoky bar mix Livin’ on the Edge.mp3 ~ Get A Grip demo Mama Kin.mp3 ~ live, with Guns ‘n’ Roses Once is Enough.mp3 ~ Permanent Vacation demo Samurai.mp3 Permanent Vacation demo Sedona Sunrise.mp3 ~ Pump demo Walk This Way.mp3 ~ live, with Bon Jovi 
My new blog is active at http://ondrejka.net . If any of you are still reading, apologies for going dark. Too much work, too much travel. Sitting in the United Club at Heathrow with T-Mobile's WiFi barely working. Just finished a book worth reading, Fooled by Randomness . Jonathan Seelig , of Akamai and Globespan fame, recommended it. Enjoyable, topical, and provides a delightful framework for thinking about how to measure performance against underlying trends -- particularly when the underlying trends change dramatically. This is so evocative of Second Life. Nice coverage of its creation story by Hamlet . World Builder from Bruce Branit on Vimeo . Amazing what serious talent, tech, and $2000 can do... Via Google, estimates on total number of US homes current foreclosed or being foreclosed vary between 1M and 2M. Let us assume an upper bound of 2M homes. Median US home prices are freefall, currently around $175,000, down from a peak of over $300,000 in 2006. Of course, in foreclosed areas like Cleveland, the real value is basically $0. So, let's try to determine the sum total of wealth lost by these "toxic assets", assuming 50% of foreclosed home are worth effectively $0 and half are worth the current median. (1M homes) x ($300,000 lost) + (1M homes) x ($300,000 - $175,000 lost) = $425 billion So, $425 billion to keep 2 million families in their homes, make it easier for those families to hold on to jobs and to keep working, to prop up the all the credit default swaps, etc, that are collapsing because these mortgages aren't being repaid, and to ensure that banks don't collapse due to unpaid loans. Why are we pouring the money into the banks directly rather than protecting tax payers? Oh, because doing this would reward a bunch of predatory lenders? First, which is more important: keeping people in homes as we enter a second great depression or punish those who took advantage of lax regulations to cause it? Second, and more importantly, the act of repaying these loans would enable a process of identifying the top 20% of most egregious loans, allowing those who broke the law to be prosecuted. OK, I'm not an expert, but given the astronomical sums we're talking about, keeping a sizable percentage of the workforce in homes plus propping up the umpteen trillions of dollars leveraged against those mortgages, $425 billion is starting to look pretty reasonable. While not quite the technology convergence of a Roomba getting run over by a Segway , being able to read Kindle books on iPhone is pretty darn close. Amazon just released a new app for iPhone that let's you do just this and it is very slick. You connect it to your Kindle account and all your Amazon book purchases are available, with the last page you're on more-or-less properly synced up. Very cool. The reading experience is very good for such a small device, the interface is slick, and downloads quick on even a 1G iPhone. Downsides? Really the only big problem is that there doesn't appear to be a way to send mobipocket, pdf, or other text files to iPhone the way you can for Kindle. This is a real bummer, as currently 23 out of the 135 books on Kindle are Amazon e-books. The rest are mostly from the Baen library . I hope they decide to fix this, as it makes both devices more valuable to me. Still, combined with Amazon's new digital publishing platform , Amazon is working hard to create a strong ecosystem around e-books. Great opportunity for authors who can move early, I suspect. I've posted a fair amount -- and quite positively -- about my current Kindle, so it should come as no surprise that I was quick to order Kindle 2 . It arrived Wednesday and I broke it in with Daemon , Daniel Suarez's impressive debut novel (more on that in a moment). If you've seen a picture you know that the Kindle 2 is much thinner and sleeker than the original. This translates to a much more solid feel out of the box, although I've found it to be slightly less comfortable to hold, perhaps due to Kindle 1 muscle memory. To first order, it operates the same as Kindle 1. The boot time is much faster, the inward clicking buttons superior and less prone to accidental clicks, and the page flips enough quicker to be noticeable. The new screen's 16-gray levels make photos look surprisingly good, and being able to charge via USB helps me on the road. Finally, while I miss the sparkle, the multi-way stick does make highlighting a lot easier. Downsides? Moving content over from my first Kindle was a pain, mostly because Whispernet and/or Amazon were clearly slammed Wednesday night. The leather binder doesn't have the original's elastic to hold it closed. All-in-all, a great set of incremental improvements and an even better device for my needs. As for Daemon , I really enjoyed it. It has all of the trappings of a first book -- uneven pacing, limited character development, some typos -- but, wow ! I've never seen a book that mixes action; this level of understanding of the god complex all game developers have; the technology around robotics, virtual worlds, and the net; and, wraps it all up in book that is speculative while only leveraging real tech. Very cool and quite recommended. I've previously written about the password anti-pattern , so it is distressing to see it becoming the standard in virtual worlds as well. James just posted about what would otherwise be a w00t-worthy event from the bright folks at realXtend , direct teleportation between Second Life-compatible virtual wrolds ! Very cool stuff, except for: When you click the link, the viewer brings up a log-in window; enter in the avatar name and password associated with the other world you're going to, and the teleport process begins. [emphasis mine] Sigh. What makes this all the more distressing is that two years ago, Mark Lentczner, Ian Wilkes, and I designed the solution to this on a whiteboard. We had recognized that between OpenSim and whatever came next, that there would be a critical need to enable interoperation through communication/shared presence. It also provided a nice model for scalability, not to mention allowing for deeper interconnections between Second Life and the rest of the web. It has influenced internal design discussions, as well as the standards efforts, but hasn't moved fast enough to be available to projects like realXtend, which is too bad. I am a huge fan of Juan Enriquez , who I was fortunate enough to meet him while giving a Second Life talk to AMD a few years ago. His book " Untied States of America " is one of the most thought provoking books I've read and a huge influence on my " Collapsing Geography " article. Thus, it should come as no surprise that his TED talk is brilliant: It is really two talks in one. The first is a fairly succinct analysis of the current econopocolypse. The second, a believable, gentle transition from humanity as we see ourselves today to our inevitable bio-engineered, cyborg future. Inevitable because the techniques and technologies that create therapies to grant the disabled human-normal abilities won't stop at human-normal. Like all other technology processes, the overlapping s-curves of therapeutics are accelerating forward. As they claw forward along the flat, early part of the curve, progress is painfully slow, but wait a while. Like all exponentials, beware of forward predictions. The long term will be far more transformational than we expect. 
"We tested it properly and it required about 20 ml of alcohol to bring 0.5 litres of water to the boil (boiled for 60 seconds) in about 8 mins. I think it is actually a bit faster than the side vent but you do have to carry the extra 30 grams of pot stand. The extra advantage of this is that the stove fits in the pot stand and is protected when travelling. I expect this one to last a lot longer that the purely aluminium ones.

We have got more and more light and with this returning light we have had more and more blows. We sort of define a blow when the wind reached about 20 knots (we measure this about 10m above the surface), at this point working outside becomes nearly impossible. You can easily walk between buildings but actually working outside is not nice. At 30 knots you start to lose sight of the other buildings and for someone on crutches its not great. Above 40 knots its best not to linger too long outside. One thing that has happened is that this year's weather haven nearly blew away. The wind was above 40 knots and somehow it worked open a bit of the tent. The weather haven is a very very large tent that is used to store the blimp. The blimp is filled with helium and the Simpson people use it to measure low level ozone by attaching special instruments to the bottom. Anyway the wind was so high the weather haven nearly blew away. The blimp inside was damaged so much that after we had fixed everything we were able to crawl into it through the gapping holes in the side."
 clues to gonzo marketing. ..a list apart. We're going Closed Source. It's super secure, low risk, and controlled. And Quality's built in. --- Yes, Gonzo 2.0. - Nothing new because Gonzo Marketing was always about that. As you see this YouTube, don't you think Poetry? The Solution is Poetry. And maybe Poetry 2.0 - whatever, whatever, whatever.... props, just props but useful props, no? When did you forget that this is your world? And yes, Web 2.0, Poetry 2.0 - we are no longer "writing ourselves into existence". - We are now teaching the Machines how to write Existence so we can write ourselves into Being... That's what this is all about. You want to know who you are? Ask the machine! We are teaching the Machines to write Structures from which our Being is generated. We are no longer The Web. Separation of content and structure. We are not our Blogs any more. There are no more blogs! There is no more information! There is no more you! There is no more there there! What is is Your Voice as a Network of Conversations generated by the Machines we teach to regenerate us, our Being of the Conversation of the Web. - There! you want to know how you are? Ask the Machines to regenerate the You as You of The Web. Ask the machines! Does that Blow your Mind? Don't worry. It will only blow your Mind if it blows the Mind of the Web of Conversations where Your Mind really is anyway. There is no you unless you are connected. You show up as You only in the Web of Us. The machines generate the structures of conversations. We teach The Machines how to do that. The machines teach us who we are by knowing who we are connected to... Cool. Let's do some more of that. Yiippii. Bada Bing! Tudum Tudum! YouTube link via FortyMedia Sandy’s 65th birthday was approaching and she was planning a party. The people at Birch Point Resort in Hayward spoiled those plans and appear to have cheated her out of a substantial sum of money. To find out more about Sandy's situation, click here. To add the power of the almighty word of mouth to balance out the tourist industry astro-turf, link-up and shine the light of conversation on these shady practices. it has to really suck to be a bulldog bitch on the rag  -- in spider man boxers especially. Tags: bitches+in+heat Powered by Qumana Laptop for sale . Pictures of laptop for sale New flickr guidelines say: DON'T Sell stuff (including yourself) Flickr is for personal use only. If you sell products or services through your photostream, we will terminate your account. of course, if you send them to ebay to bid , i guess it's okay. I don't know--we may need an update to the guidelines... Powered by Qumana the big thang tonight-- 1000tags.com is offering a free tag if you post and link. Thank you, I'll take one! Although my name and bio currently appear on the site, I am no longer associated with The Content Factor . As I've indicated previously, information relative to my business can be found on my current sites: www.jsessum.com and www.sessum.com , and the number of blogs and other publications I write for. Thank you. Now, back to your regularly scheduled programming... (Disclosure++: I may delete this post when the requested information is removed from that site.) &nbsp; &nbsp; Technorati Tags : The+Content+Factor , Content+Factor , JeneaneSessum , Sessum , Atlanta , Atlanta+Copywriting , Discontent &nbsp;// Powered By Qumana 
 To most people, firefox is just some sleek anti-Microsoft, tab-multiplying, add-on rich internet browser. What they don't know is that fire fox is a nickname for the red panda, which we came across at the Wellington Zoo yesterday. --> Sure, it's endangered, and it leaves a musky scent all over its territory, but who doesn't these days? That's a good bear-cat. Good boy! We saw all sorts of others too. Kiwis, talking parrots, some lazy roos, an evil monkey tribe, zebras, lions licking each other's privates, tigers, sun bears, tarantulas, otters, the whole bit. Nice. ...and this is the first zoo to carry miniature giraffes! --> Well, things down under are winding down. Trainer worked his last night at Nicolinis as an Italian waiter on Friday, and had his last all-you-can-eat pizza Monday at Hell Pizza. If things go to plan, he'll have his last Tuesday at Mermaids, and then that'll be that. Heading for home - the Bay Area and back down. Dunne leaves for a South Island tour on Tuesday as well, and then he's off to school in the states too. Calvert, as is often the case, remains the last man standing. He manages his own bar now, and will keep the flag flying in Wellington as a sort of living history of the NZBoys - bold, roguish, and serving alcohol to the younger crowd. It's been a sweet journey. We'll miss the clean skies, rockin' locals, and late nights. Sometimes it does pay to get out of the house, I guess. Yeah. Take a walk on the wild side. So long! [Screen fades to music: Nothin But Mammals by Bloodhound Gang] Rugby - a sport most Americans haven't even heard of - is the central most important thing to New Zealanders. And the All Blacks , the New Zealand national team that earned its name back in the 19th century, is the most important thing to New Zealand rugby fans. So, we thought: "We've been here six months. We've eaten kiwi burgers, drunk kiwi beer, kissed kiwi girls...we might as well watch some kiwi sports." And we bought stadium tickets - the cheap ones, of course. Sidenote: Rugby vs. American football...who's the boss? The debate can't be won. They're different sports, with different strategies. Rugby guys don't wear pads, but most kiwis feel that football players "hit harder." (They've been watching a lot of American football movies.) I'll tell you this. The average rugby player is a huge, huge dude. And he's fast, and he has to think on his feet, without someone planning everything for him, and he can take one hell of a hit......And almost every New Zealand guy is a New Zealand rugby player. You get the picture. We've seen it on TV, and we've gasped at how raw the sport is. We've heard the hype. We've watched the news. It was our turn to see it for ourselves. So we pre-gamed, dressed up, and joined the black tide of fans heading for the Wellington Westpac stadium. Oh, what a night. It started with the haka , an ancient Maori war challenge that's been a centerpiece of the All Blacks for time immemorial. It looks savage, and powerful, and spiritual. It means the players are out for blood. As is turns out, our seats were three rows back from the field. We could feel the players breathe. And because we cheered so hard, we even got on national television. Maggie saw a closeup of the three of us on the megatron, and the guys back in the penthouse caught the same shot of us yelling like idiots on tv. We looked kind of like this: Naturally... As promised, we've logged, mapped, and uploaded pictures for the South Island tour of New Zealand. Completed in about 3 weeks, the trip was a mix of close encounters with wildlife, non-stop vistas, sidetrips to off-the-path wonders, and the usual local flavors and parties. The Complete Travel Log says it all. Made with Google's new "My Maps" feature, the map allows you to click on interesting spots and pull up our stories and pictures from the area. It also shows our route through the whole thing, in case you'd like to find these beautiful spots yourself. We rode with Kiwi Experience the whole way, so this is also a good way to take a look inside what their South Island trips offer. If you'd like bigger pictures, and more of them, then check out the South Island web album . It's a great way to get an up-close look at what New Zealand's South Island has to offer. Later, we made our own way through New Zealand's North Island , and you can check out that travel/adventure map if you're into it. The North Island Web Album has all the pics. There a lots of stories to tell of these journeys, and the travel maps have all kinds of inside scoops for you there. So check them out if you're into...say... swimming with dolphins, jumping into waterfalls, petting giant boars, feeding carnivorous parrots, hiking glaciers and tunneling through blue ice, kayaking in baby-blue water with seals and golden beaches, hitting up the world-famous wineries, jet-boating, horse-back riding, sheep shearing, beach lounging, brewery touring, river swimming, bungy jumping, sky diving, white-water rafting, black-water rafting, glowworm watching, paint-balling, off roading, tim-tam slamming, watching sunsets on the beach, or just having a drink and a good time. Enjoy! Whereas once we stood united, gazing across the harbor bathed in gold by the autumn sun, the skies have now grown dark, as have our hearts. Today bright morning has given way to grey mourning... and we are forever changed. May you find that for which you seek, Shock. Farewell. Ewver one else have sequestered themselve in deep conversatons. So I put on a funny hat. Stack 'em up! hour 7....drunk, high, bi-curious.....the crew embarks on an endeavour into the unknown.....1 bottle of shtitty tequila, a box of wretched dry white wine, 2 bottles of Lindauer Special Resrerve, and 10+ cases of Tui later, the crew is in full swing.....mussels by the kilo, nachos as big as your head, and, well, popcorn. how else can you sum up my last weekend of piss.....brilliant! we've got scots, kiwis, americans, and one helluva good time rollin.....stay tuned for updates ........ The breaking of the Fellowship shall soon be upon us... We only know one way to celebrate... Target Practice. and Food and Beer Stay tuned as this thing could spiral out of control... You know what... I'll just let this picture speak for itself. Those of you who know me already understand. Today was a good day. Now, off to find the Crown Royal. Excitement provided by RC Cola International 
 by FERENC IVANICS We usually walk on roads with high traffic. We've seen a lot of things, but we think there are two hot-shots of the roadside : bottles filled with piss , tossed by truck drivers; used diapers tossed by parents. We've gotten used to their sight, I try to understand the habit but I can't really. I know it's smelly but there's at least two garbage cans in ten minutes drive. This one on the photo puzzled us: why a six-pack? Were there six babies? All had crapped at the same time? Was this a long-time collection? Still a mystery... In case you haven't noticed, news on this blog are not exactly real-time. There are two separate reasons. The boys don't have internet-enabled mobile devices (or service providers), they cannot post directly but with a delay (from internet cafes), which is sometimes a few days and in troubled periods can grow up to two weeks. Even though the language skills of Ferenc and István have improved a lot, they post in Hungarian. One of us from the background team translates and edits all the posts. This adds another delay to the process, an additional two or three weeks. To get up-to-date news, subscribe to the twitter feed. by FERENC IVANICS Suddenly a red car stopped by our side, with a middle-aged couple inside. Soon we made clear that we weren't hitchhikers and didn't need a ride. Next day we found the place a German-Mexican guy had recommended us two months ago. He told us that the shore of the lagoon is clean ant the owner surely would let us stay for the night. So we had fought our way through the jungle, found the spot, a small bungalow and... a red car at the lake shore. Yep, the red car of that kind couple. The Bacalar Lagoon is and extremely pleasant place and its water is even cleaner. We took a refreshing swim in the blue freshwater lake and moved on the next day. by FERENC IVANICS On the eastern shore of the peninsula there's rocky coast as well. If you look closer, many of these rocks are dead corals. Sian Ka'an features the third longest coral reef of the world. Unfortunately we don't have the means to scuba-dive watching the colorful fishies underwater. On the other side of the peninsula there is a series of mixed-water lagoons. The water is crystal clear, so it's another preferred destination for scuba-divers . We managed to walk to Punta Allen in two days. Bu there came the twist: How to get across to Playón, which is nothing but a wooden stage, a small harbor for boats. To our surprise we found a volunteer almost immediately. After crossing the bay (one or two miles) he mentioned that he wouldn't reject a small payment. But we couldn't give him anything, we were broke. Literally. But he did take it well. From this point forward it was 40 miles of forest, totally uninhabited forest. Practically it was a 40 miles long tunnel. We lived on biscuits, milk powder and canned beans. We did have enough food for three days but definitely not enough water. On these parts of the reserve there's no coconut palms, so we could have gotten into trouble. There was almost no traffic on this road. On the second day we ran out of water , but then the skies opened up and small ponds began to form on the middle of the path. Thanks to our friend, Drew we had a water filter with us, so, we were saved. Trees, trees, trees. The longest walk we've had under trees. And these trees gave us some headache when we were looking for a camping spot. But since there was no traffic, we camped on the road. Not on the middle of it, but on the road. And on the third day we reached Felipe Carrillo Puerto. It was a great relief. Was it worth it? Sure!! Sian Ka'an, Part 1 by FERENC IVANICS From Tulum to Chetumal there's a paved road. But there's another path that takes you through the biosphere reserve Sian Ka'an . That is the major national park in the Caribbean, and it's been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1987. Mostly made of huge palm forests, there's a peninsula with freshwater lagoons, a coral reef , etc. We knew many tourists visit this area from Tulum. And then come back to Tulum. We wanted to move on south after visiting Sian Ka'an . We didn't know if it was possible, so this choice was a bit risky, but we wanted to see what does the real, wild Caribbean looks like, without the signs of human civilization, huge hotels, crowded beaches, harbors. And Sian Ka'an is beautiful. There's a 35 miles long road from Tulum to Punta Allén, running on the peninsula between palm trees and mangroves , the sea is extreme blue, but there's too much litter running on shore... Our only trouble (besides the ever-present mosquitoes ) was drinking water. It wasn't serious though, I mean, we could have stopped a tourist convoy to ask for water anytime, but we turned to our most-honored coconuts. Wildlife is dense in Sian Ka'an, we've seen coatis , western red pandas , capybaras , small crabs living in shells, and there's pumas and jaguars as well in this jungle. But the most dangerous species we've met was that little crab with its heavy claws. Sian Ka'an, Part 2 by FERENC IVANICS Tulum is an authentic Caribbean holiday resort. It's expensive for us, but if you look at its beauties and compare the prices to other places, I'd say it's rather affordable , or even economical. There are a lot of young travelers, hippies, nature lovers here, they rent cheap bungalows or camp near the beach. We, by luck, ran into Chain and Jaime , they run a campsite near the Tulum beach. We can tell, that was the most exotic camping we'd ever seen . We passed two quite enjoyable days there (though you can't escape from the mosquitoes). This lovely couple told us we could stay for as long as we wanted, but we had things to get arranged in the town of Tulum. Thank you! by FERENC IVANICS Thanks to the helpful tourists in Playa del Carmen we bought a new pair of tents . Our fourth pair on our 8000 miles walk. We bought two Jeep Hiker Tents , these are pretty strange tents but they seem strong enough, ant that's what's important for us. They chipped in enough to buy some new socks and pants as well. Due to the almost expired visas our days were counted in Mexico . We were expecting to receive new shoes from the U.S. so we arrived in Tulum full of hope. Thank you for your support. by FERENC IVANICS We stopped at Playa del Carmen, some 40 miles south of Cancún. Found a deserted go-kart track and made a base camp there. Our tents are full of holes , our clothes aren't any better. Playa del Carmen is full of tourists, Canadians, Europeans, from the U.S.A... The city is full of bars, shops, restaurants, it's a pleasure factory. We just sit on the 5th avenue with a WorldWalk-board. Two bearded guys in identical clothes, looks interesting. Many passer-byes are curious about us and we always chat with them, usually mentioning the situation with our tents and clothes. We get some small donations and even some major help, like the support from the Hungarian Tukarcsy family. (We met other Hungarians as well: many thanks, Marcsi, Szilvi, Balázs and Tamás.) It was a special experience spending New Years Eve at the beach, taking a swim. The water was clean and calm. I guess I don't have to say anything about the blue seawater... We enjoyed it a lot, and it was nice to see how grown-ups unveil their inner child . by FERENC IVANICS We reached the Caribbean at Cancún. I guess most of you have seen pictures of the blue Caribbean Sea . I always thought those were images altered in Photoshop, a computer generated exaggeration. We've seen the Mediterranean of the French and the Spanish, The Atlantic in Africa and in Miami, the Gulf of Mexico in the U.S. and in Mexico. Their beaches were playing in another league . This is something totally different. The color of the water is amazing. So it's not surprising that Cancún is the "capital" of tourism is Mexico. An 18 miles long beach sprinkled with luxurious hotels that suit your every need... Well, we think it's interesting but very distant from us. 
 Well, I said I would be posting something when inspiration struck me - didn't think it would take this long. I have finally written something, so thought I'd post it... A small boy on a beach ran to me last week and gave me a winkle. A winkle, such a strange and sad little object. I shook and then brushed the sand from it. Poor creature, I thought. I took the shell and listened but I could not hear the sound of the sea blowing from within. Instead, I fancied I heard crying. Yes, there was a dry sob, sob, sob coming deep from within. So strange. I immediately wished to smash the shell, to dash it on the deck like a greedy gull, but fought the urge. One thought was playing in my head, like a record, jumping and stuck on the same syllables; like a drifting soul song trapped in purgatory. "Plant me." "Plant me," it spoke. "Plant me." So I did. I scrabbled in the dirt, tossing the clods and broken earthworms aside. In my bluster I'd chopped these worms in half or worse. No matter, I thought - they'll grow anew. Regeneration you see - I'm creating new life and new worth. Dropping the shell into the moist hollow I carefully recovered the jumble of soil and cloven earthworms, imprisoning the gentle winkle. And then I waited. I waited for it to grow. And the rains came and the sun shone down and the winds blew the blossom from the boughs. All seemed but in requiem to the sad little shell. The thought dawned upon me, smiling grimly, spreading icily across my body like electrical current. I had not planted, but had rather buried the poor creature. Now, beneath the dying pink flowers, it was lost to me. I must be mad, I thought. Really, I must now be insane. Hi, Just thought I'd say, you can catch up with me on Twitter. I'll be posting random bits of writing here: http://twitter.com/paulbernard Cheers, Paul. Hi guys, Well, I returned from my week away from blogging refreshed and considering my next move. It's been six months since I started The Daily Tale and I thought it might be a good idea to freshen the format up, try something a little different. So I have created a new blog called The Daily Postcard where I will do my daily blogging from now on. The Daily Tale was an unexpected success and I'd like to thank everyone for taking the time to support me by reading the stories and leaving such great comments. However, I think the format had gone as far as it could and I was chomping at the bit to try something a little different. I'm quite into photography and wanted to devote some time to that, along with writing. So that's kind of what the concept of The Daily Postcard is - a photo and a short tale to accompany the image. I hope it will become something the browser can either just dip in and out of when they feel like, or alternatively let their imagination become swept up in the twin assault of the image and the words. My reasoning for starting it on another blog site was so that I could leave The Daily Tale blog here as an archive for anyone who wanted to flick back and read their favourite stories again. When I've finished my Postcard project I will seek to do the same with that too. So that's all, I think. I hope you'll join me in The Daily Postcard . See you on the other side... Please follow the link to The Daily Postcard: http://thedailypostcard.blogspot.com/ Hello all, I am taking a short hiatus from my Daily Tale-ing. I will be on holiday for a week and then, when I return there will be a revamp in order for my daily blog. I hope you'll be back in a week to experience it... Paul. " 'Cos I heard it in the wind and I saw it in the sky, And I thought it was the end, I thought it was the fourth of July " Chris Cornell I saw a firework, dead, burnt, on the street. I reflected on how sad its resting place, how briefly it had burned and now how ignominious its fall. At one time it had potential. Potential to explode and cause delight. Always while it had potential it was a special thing. A device of magic, waiting to bring wonder. In its short life of usefulness it was above us all. It could fly, it could shower us with metallic petals of light. Great golden arcs that would shard in the sky. And then, dropping black and crippled onto an unlit street corner it could now only move if kicked or gusted by a force of nature. Still, at least it had fulfilled its potential. She looked at the image long and hard. She scratched her head to show him that she was thinking about, thinking long and hard. She moved her head around to jaunty angles, ways that she almost never moved her neck. No matter what she did, or how she considered the possible illumination of the piece of artwork he displayed proudly before her she couldn’t ascertain any relevant meaning from it. It really was just a mess of paint to her. She contemplated telling him this. Maybe he’d appreciate what it said to her, but she bit her tongue. She bit her fingernail as well and then stopped in case he was looking at her. He wasn’t looking. He was sat on an old red sofa, spotted with paint and ripped open in places so that the stuffing poured out like fat. The sofa was turned away from the easel, away from where he worked so that he could at least try to switch off from his mind’s displays for a while. The radio was on at that low volume that is as annoying as too loud. He was thinking, this artist, about something someone had said to him earlier. He stared at the music coming from the radio. He found that he often realised that something interesting, something insightful about another person, had been revealed to him in conversation and he would only pick up on it later. By this time, the conversation had long faded to dust and there was little chance to query the interesting party. Another wasted opportunity. “Celine,” he called without taking his eyes from the stereo. “What do you think?” She stopped looking at the splurge on the canvas before her and bit her nail again. “Well, I loved the funny picture of the radioactive clown,” she said. “Very surreal!” He smiled and nodded. He was pleased enough, but he found himself fighting not to ask her about the latest piece, the work he was proudest of. “I’m glad you liked it,” he said. “Honestly, I am.” She moved uncomfortably in her jeans. They were just a little too tight and she felt it now as she walked back to the couch. The room was lit by just the spotlights pointing on the two easels and as she stepped away from these she felt more confident. She picked up her long drink and nibbled the edge of the glass. There was room to sit next to the artist, on the couch, but Celine opted for a leather armchair facing him. She sat down slowly with her knees together and sipped her drink. The spotlights flared in her ice-cubes as she tipped the glass back. “It’s a shame,” said the man, “that you didn’t like The Vision.” He referred here to the title of the strange abstract painting, and not in some grandiose way to his overall method or philosophy of painting. The girl gulped her drink hard and swallowed an ice cube. It stuck in her chest and made her entire body tense up. She gritted her teeth against the cold. “It’s not that I didn’t like it,” she said. “It’s that I didn’t understand it.” She fumbled now as the ice moved on away from her chest, “I’m sorry, sorry about that Robert. I just didn’t quite get it, maybe.” “It’s a shame for us both, that you preferred the clown,” he said. His words barely hung there for a second before her reply: “Why, Robert?” Robert shook his head, then dropped it to the side a little and raised his eyes to look at her. His eyes looked softly and sadly upon her. “Maybe you don’t know why yet. But you will later,” he said. They didn’t say anything for a minute or so. Just looked. A buzzer sounded at the door. A man spoke. “It’s David,” Celine said. “Shall I tell him to come up?” “No, it’s fine. I have to finish up here. I’m tired. Goodnight Celine.” Celine stood awkwardly and put down her glass. She looked down at Robert for a moment and then turned and stepped carefully across the wooden floor to the door, unbolted its latch and pulled hard. The great old metal door swung on creaking hinges. “Goodnight Robert. I really did like your pictures, you know?” Robert nodded. “Don’t forget to lock the door behind me,” she said, stepping out of one world and into another. A man standing on a beach casts his pet octopus into the sea. He holds it by three of its legs and swings it in dizzying circles before letting go to send it flinging back into the sea where it was spawned. As it plops into the water, a red ball, he hopes it’s the last he’ll see of that octopus. Sinking into its new home, the octopus lingers in the swell, growing accustomed to the new tastes and sights, but soon it spreads its legs and swims off into the deeper waters, in search of dark rocks and things to eat. The man sits down on the sand. He has had that octopus for three years. It was a treasured gift of a former lover, now gone. The waves break ever so gently on this shore. So gently, in fact, that the short breakers have created a tiny shelf at the point where the sand remains dry and full. Upon this shelf climbs a green crab. It has come from the sea, allowing itself to be deposited there by the tide. It sidles towards the man, unnoticed, then nips at his sandals and toes. “Woah!” the man lets out expressions of concern. He looks for some flotsam to flick this crab away or something heavy with which to crush its shell. But before he can find this he hears a voice. “Brian, what have you done?” He stares down at the green crab. “You have cast away your only friend.” The crab speaks. And it addresses him by name. “Strange creature,” says Brian. “How came you to speak so, and know my given name?” The green crab replied that he was one of the great seers of the sea, and with the lobster, the ray and the narwhal, views all that occurs both above and below the waves. “The cockles sang to me, from the rocks over there,” continued the green crab. “And then the sprats and starfish whispered to each other that the octopus had returned to us, before his time.” The green crab explained that the octopus was a great talisman, a conduit between the realms of sea and land. Such creatures were placed in homes throughout all the continents of the world, allowing the seers to get a clear view of the airy world above them, helping them make decisions and policies for life under the sea. “Even your partner, Selkie, was put into your life by us. Once she thought a bond had been established between you and the octopus she knew she had to return to the ocean.” “Now, you must go and retrieve your octopus, Brian. You must try. Only you can find it.” And with these words the green crab motioned with its right claw, beckoning Brian towards the sea. Brian stood up, proudly and with purpose, now. He had to do this, he knew, though it seemed impossible. He would swim and swim, and search and search, until he found his red octopus once more. He stepped into the light foam of the surf and pushed on until he was waist deep. Then he turned back towards the crab and waved. The green grab seemed to be waving too. Brian lifted his legs from the sandy sea bed and started to swim and swim. It was difficult to move his arms though, and his legs cut sluggishly through the water. He looked to his arm as he tried to take it from the water. Fifteen small octopuses of various colours were clinging to it, dragging on it. As he stopped swimming he felt the myriad suckers of a thousand tentacles attaching themselves to his body. Hundreds of octopuses grappled with him and he began to feel sharp stinging sensations across his body. A larger tentacle then wrapped about his head and Brian slowly disappeared beneath the blue waters. The green crab, safe on the shore, stopped waving and skittered off across the wet sand, feeling satisfied and looking out for a warm rock pool to hunt in. The three lads, bounding through the weeds at the trackside stopped for breath. Johnny, the youngest, legs wobbling with the effort, wanted to sit down but he fought that feeling with all his might. He was out with his dad now. His brother, Michael, stood up as straight as he could, sucked in a lungful of air and puffed out his chest proudly. His father patted his head rather heavily. Dad had come to see them today and their mother had rolled her eyes. It was their uncle’s birthday, their dad had said, and so he had thought of something for them all to do. ‘A family outing’, he called it. They’d crawled under wire fences, scrambled down dirty banks and jumped from heights that Johnny had previously thought impossible to survive. These were all things his mother and his teachers had told him never to do, but here he found himself, on an overgrown railway embankment, with his father, watching the trains go by. “Not far to go now, guys,” said Peter. He was revelling in his new found role of leader, a figure to be feared and obeyed. “Just round the next bend,” he said, “that’s where it happened.” They hacked onward with their feet until they came to a brown stone wall. Peter led them slowly down the bank and onto the gravel at the side of the railway track. A curving tunnel opened cavernously before them. “Right,” he said. “When I say the word we’re going to run for it. There shouldn’t be another train for 10 minutes anyway, but we’re better safe than sorry.” Michael looked a little incredulous at this, but Johnny pushed in front of him, eager to race away into the darkness at his father’s command. “Now come on, son. Michael’s first up and then you follow him on. I’ll be close behind you, okay?” Johnny nodded; Michael said nothing and just stared ahead into the gloom and then at his shoes. “Alright go,” said Peter, but Michael didn’t move. “Come on Mike, head up and run for it.” Michael’s body moved, almost imperceptibly, but again he held himself back. “For God’s sake Mikey, fucking go for it you prick!” His father raised his voice and his hand and Michael was away. He ran blindly into the darkness, stumbling upon the rail and then vanishing. His father screamed after him to bear left and not to trip on the tracks, his voice echoing about him in madness. Peter held Johnny by the shoulders as the child strained to follow his brother. As soon as his son stopped struggling, Peter plunged ahead of him onward into the tunnel. He found it curved round gently and then light flooded back into its far mouth. Out into the daylight, not far up the track, Michael sat on the rail, crying. Peter ran on, out of the tunnel towards his eldest son but his mind was gripped by responsibilities and he turned around to see what he’d forgotten. Johnny came then, whimpering out of the darkness, rubbing his red eyes and peering at his father with that look of fear and disappointment that can tear at a man’s chest. Peter strode towards him, picked the boy up with one arm and then stumbled across the thickly piled gravel at the railside until they reached Michael. He resisted the urge to grab the lad roughly with his spare arm, instead holding out a hand to him. “Come on,” he urged, adding: “I’m sorry.” Michael looked up graciously and took the hand. Soon they were all sitting on the grass bank looking back at the railway. “This is it,” said their father. “This is the spot where your uncle Mikey died.” They all stared at a spot on the track and imagined it happening there. Noticing there were two different sets of tracks before him, Johnny spoke up with a sniff: “Dad, which side was it, that uncle Mikey got hit by the train?” His father looked long and hard at the two sets of track and didn’t answer for a minute. He realised he couldn’t remember. He had no idea any more. Peter scratched his beard a little, turned to his boys and pointed at the track nearest them. Three pairs of eyes converged on that point. A horn sounded in the tunnel and a train rushed by. “It’s early,” said Michael. 
 Waiting for the World Cup is like shoving my face full of Christmas cookies and counting the hours to Christmas. I'm saving my voice up so l can scream my head off like Chewbacca at the vet. Here's a translation for those of you who don't speak Dutch: "The Dutch are driving now... and the ball falls to DeBoer... oh wait, the delivery guy just walked in. Thank you Mr. Delivery man for this giant meat grinder. I'll just... OH MY GOD MY ARM! TURN IT OFF! TURN IT OFF! TURN IT OFF! TURN IT OFF! ARRRHHHHH! DEAR LORD! Please someone call an ambulance." On a lighter note, nothing seals a goal like an a little operatic improv. SATAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ..... I'm good! I'm good! How you living, brohaim? ..... { Sigh } Yes. I know you're not technically alive. Don't be snarky. What I mean is, how's it going? What's the 411 on the 666? ..... Oh word? That's cool. ..... Me? Just chillin'. Kicking it at work, you know. Slow motion, playa. Sitting here playing minesweeper, hating on my mark ass buster boss who thinks I'm actually gonna come in on Saturday and work on the big presentation. He's bugging. So wack.Wish I was home blazing an L-Ron Hubbard playing COD4. Instead I'm stuck in this stupid office, on some straight up Dilbert shit. Whatever. It is what it is. How's your day going? ..... That's cool. Hope the rest of the day goes OK for you. I just wanted to call to thank you for the awesome birthday present. So thanks. I dig it! ..... Yes, I do really like it! ..... Stop. It's a great gift. What's not to like? I love McDonald's. I love chatting. How can I not fucking love it? It's easily the best phone I've ever owned. ..... I mean it! I tell ya, it definitely beats the pants off the faggy pocket watch the wife got me. ..... Hahaha! I know, right? What is this, The Industrial Revolution? She must think I'm 158 years old. Why would I want that for my birthday? Get me an Ipod, get me a set of Golf clubs. But why get me a fucking pocket watch on a chain? It's ridiculous. ..... No, no, no. I'm not being dramatic. Satan. She's an idiot. ..... I don't care if it sounds harsh. I married a shockingly stupid person. I think I know why she got me this. But it doesn't make her any less of a retard for doing it. ..... One time I watched "Antique Roadshow" with her and mentioned how old things are kind of cool...you know, just to say something so she wouldn't talk. I didn't really mean it. One little comment and now she thinks I'm Winston Churchill. God, she's dumb. ..... Yes. She is stupid. Just because she got a 1412 on her S.A.T.'s doesn't mean she isn't a freaking r-tard. Those tests are culturally biased anyway. ..... Regardless, the point is the watch she gave me sucks. I suppose it wouldn't suck if I worked on a Steam train inside a Mark Twain novel. But I don't. So that makes her an idiot for giving me Scrooge Bling when it's 2010 outside. Did we lose a war or something? I don't work in a textiles factory in London in 1836. I work here. In a shitty office with fluorescent lights, surrounded by fat nerds and computers that are smarter than me, in a futuristic age of scientific discovery and technological advances, not in the motherfucking past. So, she's an idiot. That's all I'm saying. ..... Well, agree to disagree. Way to take her side, by the way. ..... You are taking her side. Very dickish of you. You can't be the Devil's Advocate. You're the Devil. Choose one and stop being an asshole. ..... Whatevs. Let's drop it. Anyway, Speaking of the ladies, If I tell you something, do you promise to keep it on the D.L. Hughley? ..... Just promise, asshole. I don't care if you're the Devil. You can promise me. ..... Ok. So check it out: You won't believe the amount of Poontang this phone is getting me!!! ..... Yes, bro! I'm not lying! It's silly. I'm like Lorenzo Lamas up in this motherfucker. ..... Believe me. Shorties are feeling the double arches. I'm baggin' digits like the Hamburglar! High five! ..... { Sigh } The Hamburglar? The striped guy who hung out with Grimace and Mayor McCheese and stole burgers? From the McDonald's ads? Jesus Christ, do you get cable down there? ..... Whatever. Google it. All I know is that this Ronald McDonald jump off is totally the new Iphone. Tell everyone. Go blog it out! I just tweeted that shit like 12 seconds ago. ..... Yes I am! I'm calling you from it right now! How rad is that? All hail the Dark Lord! You are truly the Master of Evil and supreme emperor of casual gifting! Booyah! Up top! ..... Listen...I was wondering what you're doing later...See I got these Carrot Top tickets my dickhead boss isn't using, and was wondering if you're not busy torturing the damned tonight if you wanna catch the show with me, maybe catch a brew or two, play some Big Buck Hunter... ..... Oh. Yeah. I'll hold. Pug Life. I watched a ton of figure skating this past Olympics. It's awesome. It's the Freddy Mercury of the Sporting world but with more falling and less good music. (Actually no good music.) I watch it because I like theatricality in my winter sports. I also like sparkly things and public humiliation, so it really works for me. But one thing has me coming back every time: The falls. The falls are so fucking amazing. Some kid from Farawayistan practices tornado jumps and triple lutzes 14 hours a day at gunpoint hoping for the big day when all their work will pay off, only to have life sucker punch them in the grundle precisely at the moment of their promised glory. I feel so bad for them when it happens, but I can't avert my eyes. Talk about having your dreams taken away. And how much must it suck to have Bob Costas narrating your life's single most embarrassing moment. As if you already didn't feel bad enough, now you have a Paddington Bear inspired man child mocking you with a voice beautiful yet full of judgement and disdain. You can almost see God's hand reaching down from Heaven balling up into a giant fist, then obliterating these poor souls until all that is left of them is sadness. Glittery piles of pulverized sadness. That being said I can't help but wonder who feels worse: An ice skater who falls flat on their face in front of millions and millions of disappointed friends, family, and countrymen, or B: Kurt Kobain while watching this video? B. By a landslide. I hope Zombie Kurt Kobain rises from the dead just to eat this man's brains. (via Craplinks ) Fun fact: The well tanned circus bears that raised Dolph Lundgren taught him to sing, dance and ride a unicycle in the hopes that he could put some "threat" back in the term "triple threat". But Dolph learned a lot of from the human world as well, like how to wear a tuxedo and not be afraid of fire. Thus, our hero can make a well dressed torch wielding entrance (at about 0:50). Yes, strange things are afoot on planet Sweden, otherwise known as the Graceland of Scandinavia. From Sweden, we travel half way around the world to St. Petersburg for another world champion of outstanding greatness, Edward Khil. Clear evidence that the iron curtain was an effective policy: This guy was kept in and Yakov Smirnoff was let out. Don't get me wrong, I love Yakov but as the great man himself once said. "In Soviet Russia, you don't laugh at the state of the country and in America no state in the country laughs at you". But, seriously what is up America? We used to lead the world in prodcution of ridiculous variety shows. Giants of the small screen like Laugh-in, the Gong Show and Hee Haw testified to our greatness. Somehow, somewhere between the Jerry Springer and the Backstreet Boys, America lost her way. We've got to get back to simpler times. We've got to strap on a smile, activate the jazz hands and show um what we've got. Come on people, how's about a little less Julius Caesar and a little more Cesar Romaro? Someone's Twitter account just sent me a Viagra ad. (Actually, it was a Viagra knock off. Viagra doesn't need to advertise. But that's not the point. ) The point is this: A human I actually know in flesh form had their microblogging alter-ego possessed by an invisible (yet clearly capitalist) computer-robot, designed with the sole intention of selling me synthetic sex enhancers in pill form while disguised as a person I've known for years, leaving me feeling violated and manipulated. Future: 1, Me: 0. I'm old fashioned, I guess. But I swear that this event is important somehow. My gut tells me it's another sign that robots are taking over the world. And my gut's gut tells him he's probably right. This shit happens all the time to people like us (internet/tech users), but not to those Outlanders who for some reason stay off the grid (non-nerds, seniors, mountain folk). It's weird and unsettling if you step back and think about it. It feels like the old guy that oversees the logic center of my brain just crossed an item off his Armageddon bucket list. You might think I'm crazy. It's just spam. What's the big deal? The big deal is, if this message was sent with exactly the same content but delivered as snail-mail instead, (the kind I grew up with, also known as "mail" mail), I'd only be able to come to the conclusion that someone took my friend hostage and sent me a ransom letter demanding I buy dick pills or else I never get to see him again. We put too much faith into people's social network identities. So what exactly happens to the internet version of you when your friends' internet versions of themselves go missing? Do you call the Architect from the Matrix? Dial 311 and ask for Tron? Put up flyers on Facebook walls until they come back to us? God. It's all so befuddling. I get caveman hands trying to type about it. Just imagine what the grizzle-faced rapey dudes from "Deliverance" would think if you tried explaining this to them. They'd be so mesmerized by the pops and clicks in those fancy college words coming out of your pretty, city-slicker mouth that they might just forget to anally rape you long enough for you to make a run for it. Oh well, I guess it's all inevitable. I'm just glad this particular pirate-tweet is one with health benefits in mind. If I have to have internet ninja robots hacking into my world from now until I die, it's better to have a cool one doing it rather than one of those asshole robots. Because evil or not, a robot that wants to make my penis strong is far more preferable to getting a email confirmation from Skynet telling me they're sending one of their special T-1000 Life Technicians somewhere between 2 and 5 tomorrow in order to disconnect my life service. Well, podcast 2 has arrived in the mail and damn! it's over 30 minutes long. Enjoy. (Click here to get to the Downloadings) (photo via realtybs ) 
Some people just walked around experiencing all the amazing colour blends; others sat and chilled out  - sitting in a pod and chatting or just laying back and relaxing with the background music. An integral part of the Adelaide Festival is Writers Week, held this year from 28th Feb to 5th March.  A daily free event is held in Pioneer Women's Memorial Gardens just off of King William Road. The program includes writers from Australia and abroad - panel discussions, 'Meet the Author' sessions, lectures and readings. This drinking fountain was built in 1887 in memory of John Gardener, a firefighter, who lost his life in a blaze in a Rundle Street shop on Christmas Eve in 1886. The funds for the memorial were raised from public donations.Another firefighter, Albert  Clark, also lost his life in the fire. He is buried at North Road Cemetery in Nailsworth, with a simple gravestone to remember him by.The ABC Wednesday meme was initiated by Denise Nesbitt. To find out more about ABC Wednesdays and see other participants' contributions click here. Here in Adelaide for the Fringe, this inflatable structure is a luminarium; a series of tunnels and domes measuring 1000 square metres. Amococo is a walk in sculpture that is designed to stimulate one's senses with magnificent display of light and colour.You can view a video here to give you an appreciation of the experience. On Saturday Adelaide was treated to a fireworks/lightshow extravaganza. Brought to us by Groupe F from France; a fitting celebration of the 50th anniversary of our Festival of Arts that runs from 26th Feb to 14
A while back I made my way to Village Haus for a hamburger. I recalled my sweeper days when I would enjoy a quick burger at the break room downstairs below the restaurant. There is a service window for cast members at the far western end of the main counter (it is behind the wall, just inside the service door there). A diet Coke, Village Haus burger and fries provided me with sustenance on many days. It was hardly haute cuisine, but it was good enough. Better yet, it was cool to wind my way through the corridor in the back area and down the stairs. There, in the bowels of the building, was another hallway that led to the break room on the left and restrooms on the right. Breaks in that windowless room were fluorescent -filled and usually quiet. The room was a pretty good size, with tables and chairs and the obligatory TV set on the wall (usually out of service). Of course, sometimes we would arrange our breaks so that a few of us would head down there together. The company was nice. We always had a good time. No, there are not tunnels under Disneyland everywhere (like at Disney World). However, there are a few underground spots---beneath Tomorrowland Terrace and the old America Sings building in Tomorrowland, below New Orleans Square at the old Pit and under Fantasyland and the Village Haus, to name a few. Lucky me. I have seen them all. This is Mike, signing off. Enjoy your weekend Jungleteers! ---Mike Today is Post Some More Old Photos Day here at Jungle is 101. Sadly, it is not a national holiday. It is, however, recognized as a half-day-without-pay in the Republic of Malta. So we've got THAT going for us...which is nice. Moving right along and to our immediate left, please note a vintage photograph of the Pirates' queue before "the Bridge" was erected. Must've been pretty early, as guests could practically walk onto the attraction. Based on costuming and guest clothing, I'm putting this one in the 1980s. Next: the only known photograph of a failed rescue mission to save the Lost Safari in 1987. A host of Adventure/Frontier Attractions cast members somehow managed to find their way to this remote beach. Sadly, not one of them seemed to notice the missing expedition, as the cast members' attention was distracted by my passing boat and camera crew. Since the Lost Safari had long provided me with some of my best material, I was careful not to point them out. How those folks from Thunder and the Sailing Ship Columbia made their way to this corner of the teeming jungle remains a mystery. Finally: a few of my sweeper peeps from back in the day, yo. Looks like another tough day at Custodial Control. To the left of the photo, the poster board bears undeniable proof of the fact that we actually received training on how to sweep up trash and use a gum scraper as part of our "function and responsibilities." On the shelf at the right of the photograph are various tools of the trade: boxes of Kimbies (paper towels sweepers carried like ammo), cleaning solutions, spray bottles of muriatic acid and a box of lye. This had to be taken close to the end of the shift, otherwise I have no explanation for why these poor people look so flogging happy. Their demeanor could possibly be explained as some sort of after-effect of the off-gassing of volatile organic compounds from the cleaning solutions in Custodial's main offices. We can never know for sure. [I think I have to thank Robin Mora or Jerry Lofquist for originally posting this---not sure where I found it, but I'm glad I did]. ---Mike It is late on a June night in 1984 and I am working in Fantasyland as a sweeper. By late, I mean it is the early morning and Disneyland has ended its normal operating day. The last few stragglers have been walked out to Main Street by Security and I am alone in the bullpen for Mr. Toad's Wild Ride. This was back when the statue of Toad, just inside the front window of the queue, still had its left arm and hand raised, with the fingers pinching his monocle. The monocle never survived being constantly swiped by guests. So for a period of time we would routinely find Mr. Toad holding in his pinched fingers a cigarette---usually with the ends twisted so as to look like an illicit substance often smoked by Cheech and Chong. These unique cigarettes were placed there by some creative guests while waiting in line. Later, as we see in the picture to the left, Toad's left arm appeared to have been taken off and put back on upside down so that it bent BEHIND Toad's back (in a pose reminiscent of someone hiding a bouquet of flowers before giving it to a loved one). The statue in question used to look just like the "stone" statue of Toad that graces the attraction's entrance facade. Take a look. See the left arm and the monocle? Remove monocle and you have a magnificent spot for a "cigarette." As always, I digress. What was my point? Ah, yes...flowerbeds. The closing shift for a sweeper involved spending the last hour or so picking trash out of the many flower beds in your assigned area. Fantasyland---especially the area in the heart of the realm---left me with the most pleasant memories of this otherwise mundane task. Black, bulky, Disney-issued flashlight in hand, as I swept through the area during closing, I would shine the beam across the flower beds, illuminating cigarette butts, popcorn containers, remnants of Mickey balloons, gum, straw wrappers, cups, ticket stubs, Souvenir Guides, popcorn pieces, drink lids, cellophane, and other detritus that would find its way from the hands of guests into the beds. I would pick up these pieces or sweep them into my pan, one bed at a time, until I'd make a complete circuit. I would usually start this process by Dumbo's calliope and work my way around the flower beds, past Village Haus, Pinocchio, Snow White, Tinker Bell's Toy Shop, the Castle courtyard, and back up the other side---Peter Pan, Mr. Toad, the Mad Hatter and over to Alice and back along the Storybookland canal near Monstro. Each of us sweepers would be going through this process in our respective areas. Our lead would meander through the area, checking on us and occasionally helping out. The area music remained turned on during the whole process and, of course, the area lights. What made it special was the fact that we became the only humans in the realm once the guests had been walked out by security. To be one of four or five people in all of Fantasyland---from Castle to Small World---was a pretty cool thing. Dumbo's calliope would bounce out its happy carousel tunes in the background and I would find myself picking to the music on occasion. We sweepers developed a posture for attacking the flower beds. A foot would be slid under the painted wrought iron fence that surrounded the bed and the sweeper would lean forward over that leg to get at stuff closest to the fence line. If you walked through the area during a closing shift, you would see a virtual ballet of sweepers' rear ends in the air and heads down as they bent over their flower beds with flashlights. Between flower beds, I would sometimes just stop for a moment and take it all in. The lights, the music, the flowers, the familiar attractions, the cobblestones. Once again, me and the Park. Maybe I'm selfish---who isn't at times?---but there are moments when the Park feels like it is there just for me. I wish each Disneyland-o-phile could have that unique opportunity: to be alone in an area of the Park, even for just a few minutes. At the end of the shift, our area crew of sweepers would gather into a group and make our way back to the Custodial locker. We would then go to the locker room and Wardrobe, to turn in our costume, change and head home. We were a closely-knit group. Indeed, this blog is a testament to the lasting impact that those precious few days as a Cast Member had on me. It is either that or some strange sort of mental illness that keeps me at the keyboard, posting this stuff. As my dear friend Mr. Gump would oft impart, "That's all I have to say about that." ---Mike It is a tradition lost to the ravages of time: launching a Skipper into the river on his last day on Jungle. Our thanks to Ed Cunningham, fearless skipper of the early 80s---and (thankfully) someone who bothered to document the antics (and keep the photos). Ed originally posted these pics of what was no doubt his last day on Jungle (even then, Management was not keen on Cast Members swimming in attractions during Park hours). The initial push into the river by a fellow cast member was clearly quite effective, as the victim made it all the way across to the catwalk! Alas, this grand tradition is no longer in favor at modern Disneyland (ahem, "The Disneyland Resort"). This is probably for the best. We've heard tell that Ed suffered from the dreaded "Jungle River Slimepox" on and off for over 27 years after hitting the river. Yeeewwww. By the way, I do not think I will ever tire of seeing photos of the Jungle boats with their striped canopies or the Skipper costumes with the leopard print hat bands. These photographs also help to answer the time honored guest question: "How deep is the water?" In the middle photograph, our victim has resurfaced and is standing on the mucky bottom, with his head and shoulders out of the water. It's that deep. For now, my friends, stay well, keep dry and remember, as Trader Sam used to tell me often: "There's no known cure for Slimepox." So when next you cruise the Jungle, STAY IN THE BOAT! ---Mike All right, I've been bad. Very bad. I have been dealing with a lot in my other life and have neglected my blog. What's strange, though, is that I've actually picked up more followers during this "frozen screen" phase. Perhaps the best way to increase readership of "Jungle is 101" is for me to stop writing... No such luck folks. Today I muse about my first shift as a spry, young custodial host in brilliant sweeper "whites" in May 1984. As the title of this post indicates, I was assigned "Matterhorn Way" in Fantasyland for my first shift "on my own" after training. It is an area of the park (like I need to tell any of you Parkophiles) that runs from the northeast corner of the Hub on Main Street (to the right of Sleeping Beauty's Castle if you are facing the Castle from Main Street) and northeast toward the Small World (on one side) and more easterly toward the queue for Finding Nemo (on the other side---Matterhorn Way splits at the base of the Matterhorn---the Alice side and then the Tomorrowland side). See the photograph from 1985 (note the 30th Anniversary logo on the light pole). It is a section of the parade route for most every Disneyland parade. The main section of Matterhorn way runs between the Matterhorn and the Fantasyland restrooms just south of Alice in Wonderland. It is an open area that is usually not too crowded. It is shaded along its western edge by the trees and the castle wall facade that run along the southeastern edge of Fantasyland. It's a great place to be a sweeper. Plenty of foot traffic. Lots of guest interaction. The bathroom is easily located and most guests can be directed there without a map or a 20 minute geography lesson. The bullpen for the Matterhorn runs in a single line along the base of the mountain---easy to sweep. Just jump in line with your pan and broom, ease along with the guests, sweep as you go and jump back out when you get across from Alice. There are sunny areas but also blessed shade. July and August are rough if your area is a place largely devoid of shade like Tomorrowland or along the Rivers of America (between the River Belle Terrace and Tom Sawyer's Rafts landing). Matterhorn Way is a travelers' zone---people who are going through it are moving to and fro on their way to other places. They usually know where they're going, too, because once one rounds the corner from Main Street, the Small World unmistakingly beckons in the distance, with Alice very obviously to the left and a great, big, white mountain to the right. The echoing roar of Harold sounds from inside the mountain and rolls along Matterhorn Way rhythmically. Sure, you'll get the occasional, "Can you tell me how to get to the Matterhorn?" But there is something deeply satisfying about being able to put on your best Disney smile for the guest, slowly turning toward the megalith behind you, and answering with a two-fingered point, "Why you're almost there! It's that white mountain to my left!" Most smile embarrassedly and nod a thank you as they step into the line. As that young sweeper on his first shift, Matterhorn way was perfect. First of all, for your lead, it was an easy spot to keep track of a newbie. There's nowhere to hide (or get lost). It is also an easy area to point out ("I want you to start at the popcorn cart---hit that area often, by the way---over in front of the Matterhorn and then sweep the area all the way past Alice down to the Hub, and then the back side of the mountain and back along the Alice side to the popcorn cart again, you got that? Don't forget to hit the line every half hour or so and don't forget the restrooms!") It's a spot "between worlds" within the Park. It's a little Main Street, it's a little Tomorrowland, it's a little Fantasyland---all within an area that takes about 15 minutes to cycle through with a pan and broom. Guests enjoyed (and still do enjoy) sitting along the concrete benches south of the restrooms. They are themed to be part of the Sleeping Beauty Castle and are smooth and usually shaded. I often met the most pleasant people seated along there. They were happy to have a conversation with a sweeper. Many were seniors---resting their legs while the rest of the family scurried elsewhere in the Park. "How are you today?" "Just fine," I'd answer. "Where are you from?" "Oh, we're from "X"---we're visiting the grandchildren. What a lovely day! Not too warm for you is it?" "No, I keep moving and there's shade. Besides, those restrooms over there are cool and air conditioned---and they need sweeping!" "I hadn't even noticed. I'm glad you pointed them out! Thank you." Et cetera. I couldn't believe I was actually getting PAID to stand in Disneyland and talk with people! Or to walk through my assigned area with my pan and broom and keep the place Disney clean! (I was pretty gung-ho, I'll admit; you know, even later on the Jungle Cruise, I was quick to pick up trash in the queue or in the boats). For your next visit, your assignment is to take a seat along the concrete Castle benches on Matterhorn Way and people watch for a while. Grab a corn dog or a churro or a turkey leg and take a seat. Watch the guests going by. Better yet, take some time and watch for the sweeper. Be sure to say hello. ---Mike Salutations and best wishes for a healthy, happy, safe and productive new year to all four of you loyal readers! It is kinda silly to have a site meter to track my mom and three other people, but what the heck, it was a free application. Since we tend to look back here at Jungle, there's no better way to start the new year than to compare 1980s Tomorrowland with its present counterpart. The photograph below shows the east side of Tomorrowland viewed from the upper bullpen area of Space Mountain in 1985. Bright primary colors catch the eye, from the Monorail, to the Skyway, to the America Sings building and even the Tomorrowland Terrace umbrellas. Palm trees also rose gracefully to the sky, perhaps evoking a positive, upwardly moving future. This same area today (a touch more crowded) seems a little "off." You can really see how Innoventions was kinda slapped together over the old America Sings building. Hey! They got rid of the flag poles and replaced them with---a triangle thingy! Now there's also a big wet ball in the middle of the walkway. Not sure why. Further, they've added a green tower to the skyline (over at the Autopia ) and replaced a nice shady spot near the old America Sings building with one that's a little less shady. Stainless steel handrails have become brass or rust-colored, too. And what exactly has taken over the old Rocket Jets platform to the upper left of the photo? DirecTV? Dish Network? Enough of that. Next, I share with you a 1985 view of Carnation Plaza Gardens and a link to an old post about this location. This photograph was taken by a guest during Park operating hours in early 1985. Imagine, open, empty space within Disneyland! Trust me, it can happen. Finally, let's close with a fun shot of several 1985 cast members perched above the moat at the entrance to Sleeping Beauty's Castle. See? Cast members have fun at Disneyland, too. That, I can assuredly and thankfully tell you, is one thing about the Park that has not changed over time! Here's to 2010! May each of your lives continue to grow and add new things! May there continue to be imagination left in the world! ---Mike Ok. Ok. I know---it's been a month since my last post. I have been, shall we say, remiss. But hey, this isn't "Julie &amp; Julia," or even "Mike &amp; Walt." I never promised to post every single day or to cook every dish in Julia Child's first cookbook over the course of a year. Still...if you're gonna be a blogger, I guess you have to actually blog occasionally. Even if you have but four (4), count them, four(4) readers to your name. I have seen somewhere that "Jungle is 101" is described as being a bit on the nostalgic side. That's like saying the Boy Scouts are a bit on the "help-an-old-lady-to-cross-the-street-and-learn-how-to-tie-really-good-knots" side. I confess, when it comes to the Park, nostalgia is my game (though I do seem to recall a post or two relating to my most recent stint as a cast member!). Thanks to the magic of the Internet, I've been able to come across many old photographs from my first tour of duty at the Park. Today, we peek at a few more, starting with the Jungle Cruise crew from 1986-87-ish (thanks to Sue B. for originally sharing this photo). Two of my favorite old skippers (Jimm and Dougg) (they insist on the double consonants) a pictured in the group below (Jimm to the far left and Dougg smack in the middle). See? The hats, the costumes, the canopies, the old seat cushions, 7 cast members on a single boat (doing absolutely nothing but posing for a picture)---Jungle at its finest! I remember the macrame-style belts were a bit cheesy, but overall, we cut a fine form in our Jungle gear, eh? In our next photograph we have old-time skipper "Wally" taking a zip around the rivers of Adventureland on the world famous "skiff." I worked a lot of parade shifts and Mark Twain with Wally. He was a great Jungle captain. Back in the day, they actually trusted us skippers (at least a few of us anyway) to pilot a boat through the Jungle that was not connected to the riverbed. Imagine. Of course, our old lead (Don) was known to pilot an unwitting skipper or two (seated at the front of the skiff) directly under Schweitzer falls for a ceremonial jungle baptism (one of several preferred forms of the ritual---others included: the squirter, the falls, the Spur side, the unload, the front switch, the rear switch, the "it's clear to cross the bow! (and then throttle into reverse suddenly)" to name but a few). Of course, after several times around the Jungle (or more, if the rest of your rotation was mad at you for taking an "extended" break), you would retire to one of the many premier break areas available to Disneyland Cast Members. Each break area came stocked with: (1) a 40-year old vending machine (complete with 40-year old snacks inside), (2) an inoperative change machine (that would instantly spit back any type of bill one attempted to feed into it---from a crisp, newly minted greenback to the more common crumpled single), (3) a bench or table (usually orange for some reason) and (4) a videogame. In a photograph below (originally shared byfrom Lee S.), we see a fellow Thunder cast member (Henry D.) enjoying a few mushroom-shooting moments with Centipede (with an inoperative brown change machine in the background). The old Thunder costumes were also pretty cool (though the boots would absolutely KILL your feet after a typical shift). Some attractions actually permitted the cast member to be both on the clock AND taking a break AT THE SAME TIME. This wonder of the modern workplace was available in many forms around the Park, but none so perfect as the Tiki Room: Here (in another Lee S. photo---thanks Lee!), we see a graphic demonstration of the work/break principle in its purest form, with Dave P. as our Tiki Room attraction operator. Uh, Dave, first you wake up Jose and now THIS? By the way, I think that same chair is STILL at Tiki (though now it's in the "office" in the back and not on stage as depicted above). The photograph of Dave also brings back memories of the Tiki costume. Slacks and an orange Hawaiian shirt made entirely of polyester. Those pants would literally tear the hair off of your legs. They also would not breathe! Nice combo once July and August hit, let me tell you. We close today's post with a 1986 photograph (again thanks to Lee S.) of Jeff Cravello at the turnstile position leading to the Tiki lanai. It looks like the sun is setting and the lights are coming up in Adventureland. Soon Jeff will be hearing the drums of the Tahitian Terrace show rumbling into action behind him. Very 80s specs Jeff is sporting, no? Okay, there is one thing I do NOT miss about 1980s Adventure/Frontier Attractions: Tiki polyester. It took 25 years, but the hair finally has grown back on the front of my thighs. Sheesh. Oh, and in case I don't post between now and then, may each of you have a safe, happy and Merry Christmas! "Jungle Bells! Jungle Bells! Jungle all the way! Oh what fun it is to run...from an elephant about to spray! Hey!!" ---Mike Ah, the old Jungle queue and entrance. Thanks to old Skipper Ed Cunningham for originally sharing the shot below from 1983. You can see we were a different class of Jungle skippers back then---very well turned out, indeed. This group looks like they just got back from the Banana Ball and they haven't even left yet! By the way, dig the prototype for the new Small World boat at the bottom of the photo---this design never caught on for some reason. In scrounging around trying to locate old photographs from back in the day, I found one showing "Arthur" on Main Street from 1983 or 84 (thanks to my old sweeper pal, Robin Mora, for originally sharing this picture). If you weren't around Disneyland when Arthur was a regular...well hopefully this will help you understand a little of what he was like . Let us now raise our glasses...To Arthur! To Arthur! Here! Here! ---Mike 
 http://www.edutopia.org/louisville-sel-morning-meetings-video#comment-74554 I think this video is well worth your viewing whether you are an educator or parent. I am going to implement this into our routine in the morning in hopes for better cooperation between my children. Bringing movement into the routine will help start their busy day! Dear Blog....Forgive me for neglecting you for I forgot my password. It happens when you get older for we are only human you see. I will make my promise to you to update my photos and write a few words. Tonight I am afraid I'm not in the creative mood for I've blown my brain cells on my school exams. See you soon. "Desert Rose" I dream of rain I dream of gardens in the desert sand I wake in vain I dream of love as time runs through my hand I dream of fire Those dreams are tied to a horse that will never tire And in the flames Her shadows play in the shape of a man's desire This desert rose Each of her veils, a secret promise This desert flower No sweet perfume ever tortured me more than this And as she turns This way she moves in the logic of all my dreams This fire burns I realize that nothing's as it seems I dream of rain I dream of gardens in the desert sand I wake in vain I dream of love as time runs through my hand I dream of rain I lift my gaze to empty skies above I close my eyes This rare perfume is the sweet intoxication of her love I dream of rain I dream of gardens in the desert sand I wake in vain I dream of love as time runs through my hand Sweet desert rose Each of her veils, a secret promise This desert flower No sweet perfume ever tortured me more than this Sweet desert rose This memory of Eden haunts us all This desert flower This rare perfume, is the sweet intoxication of the fall -------------------------------------------------------------------- HE MEETS A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN AND FALLS IN LOVE SHE HAS MANY PROBLEMS AND TOILS IN LIFE HE LOVES HER SO AND TRIES TO MEND THE TORN EDGES BUT HE CANNOT The Law of Karma is the Law of Cause and Effect. This concept comes to us in many forms. As you sow; so shall you reap. What goes around comes around. You get what you give. An eye for an eye; a tooth for a tooth In simple terms, when we chose to do or think good things, good things come back to us (good karma). When we chose to do or think bad things, bad things come back to us (bad karma). Karma is the condition created by the choice. It’s important to remember: The choices we make in every moment will determine the kind of opportunities and experiences we will have in the future. If someone treats us badly we must respond with kindness and understanding (turn the other cheek, as Jesus suggested) in order to generate good karma for the future. If we retaliate and do something unkind in return, the cycle of negative karma will continue and even escalate. “An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind”, as Gandhi said. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- A tingling in the air What is this feeling? Static electricity all about me It has a fresh air smell to it Ah...I believe I read about this This thing called Karma I am not concentrating on anyone noticing, but me... Other's and they know who they are will soon see if not already Truth is in the eye of the beholder Actions speek louder than words All these phrases written by people whom personally experience them I wonder what I will write? I'll stick to Karma comes a callin' Right now, I look upon my sleeping babes with a smile on my face They are beautiful A huge slice of my soul There is it again this tingling feeling the smell of peacefulness The knowledge of knowing my truths and convictions I know what is important Keep my course Everything that goes around comes around Those that choose to do good to better themselves for others to remove oneself from negative surroundings Well, they will find peace and happiness Those that fail to recognize their weaknesses their mistakes, Well, the cycle is a vicious one Namaste, Jen http://www.nameyourdreamassignment.com/the-ideas/Sadandbeautiful/for-our-daughters/ Please copy and paste this link to your browser...log in and vote for this wonderful photographer. She chose an amazing topic of much importance. Thank you! Peace, Jen Works and creations by Irma Seabury, Wilmington, DE. Poet and Artist of Oil/Acrylic/Charcoal. She combines fine objects and uses her creativity to an unusual estetic form that is related to her life experience. Location: Made By Hand Gallery 112 South Street Philadelphia, PA Society Hill, 100 Block of South Street Date/Time: May 8, 2009 7-9 PM Poetry, Live Music and Art He is a mirror you see in the fun house or the museum the one you stand in front of and see more than one image the first image you see is beautiful stand there for awhile and you see another distorted picture How can such a kindhearted person deceive you? What has he suffered to make this monster appear before you? How can you know? He hides behind his ghosts every second of his existence After some prodding it becomes more c l e a r pressure to be someone you are not on the inside moving from place to place when you need solid ground to grow out at sea for months on end was that man on the gurney screaming out in pain going to be okay? how did that happen? go child this is not your place to be find a hiding place escaping to my canvas...subject ANYTHING;a bird landed on the deck what is in its' mouth? is that a fish? Immersed into a place of your birth at a time of instability and confusion How old am I today? Traveling on a bus full of dreams Where is my pencil and paper? Why did we stop???? Who are these angry men in uniforms Let me go I do not belong among you... I am not of the age...see my papers Falling in daldrums of chaos and forced to fight in a conflict that I do not fully understand. Months of war and death, images like slow clicks of a camera. Images I wish can be erased from my mind Is this man I am sleeping next to breathing? Are you alive......... close my eyes I am not here..... Woke up in a military hospital with a bullet in my leg I have to go back.....what do you mean I have satisfied my duty? Returning to the states. America.....the land where they take everyting for granted. Do they even know what is going on just south of them? Fighting back my ghosts everyday....I find my true love only to be deceived.... I've given you everything.... Who is this man? What about our child? A burning passion deep inside. I have to exalt the pain, the memories Where is my brush? Where is my bottle? e m p t y Test it anyway....got a taste When did I drink that? Days merge into weeks...Weeks merge into months My trials of normality, responsibility, PuRpOsE Failing with each tilt of the head....burning in my throat and belly Can't drive anymore Can't pay my bills Who was that girl? Surrounding myself with soul sappers People like me.... looking for purpose and not finding it Drowning in sadness Spinning in this vicious circle...round round round He needs to get out of here Can't you hear him? H E L P To be continued..... 
 Obesity: The killer combination of salt, fat and sugar Movie Trailer - Pankh Academy Award Winning Movie Trailer Nice :) do watch. Golden Kela Awards – Finally an award show which gets our vote! The Bas Kijiye Bahut Ho Gaya Award – Madhur Bhandarkar :) Pictures - On the Spot with Kim Jong-il Something very creepy about these pics. The Blogger Template Designer Blogger gets some new templates and a template designer. George Lois Tells the Stories Behind His Twelve Favorite Classic Esquire Covers Elvis at 21 Al Wertheimer needed the money, so he took the job: photograph a rising young singer from Memphis. As L.A.'s Grammy Museum kicks off a nine-city traveling exhibition of the historic results, Wertheimer recalls his days of shadowing Elvis Presley in 1956, the year Elvis-mania hit. My Way Maps for all occasions. New post by Christoph Niemann. The case for context: my opening statement for SXSW Why the way we consume and report news is wrong. All out in the open I was very surprised that none of the IPL team owners knew about the 3 under-19 draft picks in the auction, in spite of the fact the under-19 World Cup was going on that time and all the teams are all for promoting young local talent (or at least that's what they say). Pictures - Scenes from Kenya The Faces Behind the Famous Hands An introduction to the hand models in iconic ads. Leave No Trace: How to Completely Erase Your Hard Drives, SSDs and Thumb Drives Why do we ignore 'real-time' results from Google search? Eye-tracking shows that tweets added into search results don't get much attention. Too soon to be useful, or never going to be useful? Well tackled Ten seconds...is how long you're going to spend on these four pages. Ten fucking seconds. Less time than it'll take you to read this. Ten seconds to look through 100 front covers. I took five years to make them. They are a summary of my five years in MediaPunta, so don't piss me off and please spend a little more time over them, because I worked hard. Perhaps in those five years I haven't brought up a child, nor amassed a fortune, but I've done all of these front covers. And I'm proud. Of them, and to be a part of this utopia. So I'm going to suggest an exchange: my five years for two minutes of your life. Spend a few seconds on each cover, look at them with affection, slowly, even if you have to squint, and perhaps you'll surprise yourself as you discover Obama lifting the World Cup, a head filled with turf (not sawdust), a treasure map...A football magazine? Yes, but from another point of view. From now on, this is how I am going to present my designs to my clients. Categories for the Meta Awards Best Awkward Attempt to Leave The Stage from the Wrong Direction After Accepting This Award. And others... Why Ad Blocking is devastating to the sites you love If you read a site and care about its well being, then you should not block ads (or you subscribe to sites like Ars that offer ads-free versions of the site). If a site has advertising you don't agree with, don't go there. I think it is far better to vote with page views than to show up and consume resources without giving anything in return. I think in some ways the Internet and its vast anonymity feeds into a culture where many people do not think about the people, the families, the careers that go into producing a website. People talk about how annoying advertisments are, but I'll tell you what: it's a lot more annoying and frustrating to have to cut staff and cut benefits because a huge portion of readers block ads. Yet I've seen that happen at dozens of great sites over the last few years, Ars included. Nutcase Helmets Nice. I love the water melon one . 15 Google Chrome Extensions For Web Designers And Developers Women's quota Bill restricts democracy Legalising ball-tampering is not the answer Ya...once you legalise, where do you stop? Pen-knife...allowed. Victorinox...not allowed? Plus then it becomes a test of ball-tampering skills. Teams will have ball-tampering coaches. The Indian Memory Project The Indian Memory Project is an attempt to trace the history of Indian settlements and cities through pictures found in personal family albums and archives. Any photographs from before the Year 1990 are welcome. How To Paint a Room India Today Conclave Session: Spirituality, halo or hoax. Speech by Javed Akhtar Critics reviews and ratings this week - Na Ghar Ke Na Ghaat Ke , Hide &amp; Seek and Right Yaaa Wrong . How Much Caffeine Is In That? List of a few everyday items and their caffeine content. Whose "Iktara" is it ? The male version of the song. Nice! Now if I can find the song in Kaminey's climax. Animated shorts at the Academy Awards Watch them all. Pictures - NYC and Las Vegas from above, at night Hopscotch rug Nice :) The long take Examples of long takes. The 'Ay Chori' song in Cash is one single take. Big chunks of the song 'Chale Jaise Hawa' in Main Hoon Na are single takes. Then there is a really nice single take in the 'O Saathi Re' song in Omkara. The Smoking Gun in the Kitchen A new art project reveals the criminals behind our food. Viru's hair-raising tales One more reason to love the man. The Viru way would probably be to let it be. But then he says he is missing out on the shampoo ads! I don't think too many celebs would ever do this. Esp. since 80% of our Bollywood heros have undergone a 'hair job'. Pictures - Holi 2010 Extreme Makeover, Weiner Edition: RKS Redesigns the Deadly Hot Dog A browsable, searchable archive of tweets Pictures - Chile, three days later PayPal - New Bank Withdrawal Instructions for Our Customers in India The brains behind : 4chan As of January 2010, we serve about 450 million page views per month, to over seven million unique visitors. Wow. The Myth of Sex Addiction If Tiger Woods were single, would he be diagnosed with sex addiction? Probably not. Isn't it absurd that the diagnosis of a person's apparent addiction is based on his marital status? Not so absurd, psychiatrists say. They say that since Woods was willing to destroy his marriage and his relationship with his children for the sake of sex, he must be addicted to the act. It is a ridiculous argument. The Gene Gun At Your Head How can a lowly vegetable be an issue of national security? Is there a foreign hand in your belly? Shoma Chaudhury lays bare the complex story of Bt brinjal and how it affects you. I don't think anybody can ever say with 100% certainity that a particular GM crop is completely safe for humans, animals and the environment. Like with a lot of drugs, it will either be...yes, we have tested and it 'seems' to be safe or there might be 'side effects' but then there is no other option. Pani Puri Recipe. 10 reasons to avoid talking on the phone -nod- -nod- How To Hang 10 Shirts In 10 Seconds Home Hacks A video please... Why Google Pushed Buzz Out The Door Before It Was Ready Comic - Mommy, where do hashtags come from? Critics reviews and ratings this week - Rokkk , Hello Zindagi , Road, Movie , Thanks Maa and Atithi Tum Kab Jaoge . Pictures - Earthquake in Chile Biryani is an Indian invention Vir Sanghvi on biryani. (Also includes some recipes. Not sure about the kacche gosht ka recipe though, cos it doesn't mention whole garam masala which is essential.) Nothing beats the Hyderabadi biryani and the only way to make it is with kaccha gosht and using the dum technique. Unfortunately, most people here in Bangalore eat at all these Hyderabadi biryani places thinking it is the authenic version. But it so isn't. PayPal resuming local bank withdrawals to India The Internets Never Forget Should someone's opinion (as part of a comment/post) on a subject (esp. if it does not reflect well on him) be removed if it has changed over time? BuddyPress for One (and All!) The social networking layer plugin (lets users register on your site, create profiles, post messages, make groups and more) now works on single WordPress installations as well. Nice. Time to start using it. The Bloom Box reviews are coming in. A Secretive Start-Up Raises the Curtain Bloom box debut: More IPO than CO2 The Bloom Box – innovation or replication? Bloom box challenges: Reliability, cost Much-Touted Bloom Fuel Cell Still Too Spendy Hum Tum Aur Ghost - Theatrical Trailer Sajid Khan's Housefull - Theatrical Trailer Looks just as crappy as his first one, Heyy Baby. Why Tumblr Is Kicking Posterous's Ass The answer is as easy as it is counter-intuitive: Tumblr is a New York company and Posterous is a Silicon Valley company. Or, to put it another way: Posterous is an engineered product, while Tumblr is a designed product. How genetics works :) 15 House Plants You Can Use As Air Purifiers Pictures - Recent scenes from Indonesia Stand Up While You Read This! Your chair is your enemy. How to Take Better Low-Light Photos The title is a bit misleading but there are some nice tips in there. Puccino's Coffee Shops Funny copy. The 10 Best Talks from TED 2010 Ghee Happy's Ramayana Featuring a graphic retelling with more than 100 vibrant and whimsical illustrations. Me likes. Serious threat to the web in Italy Four Google employees indicted after students at a school in Turin, Italy filmed and then uploaded a video to Google Video that showed them bullying an autistic schoolmate. Target Cancer - After Long Fight, Melanoma Drug Gives Sudden Reprieve For the melanoma patients who signed on to try a drug known as PLX4032, the clinical trial was a last resort. Their bodies were riddled with tumors, leaving them almost certainly just months to live. But a few weeks after taking their first dose, nearly all of them began to recover. ChatRoulette, from my perspective I feel pretty depressed every time I watch people flip out about the dangers of talking to strangers. Strangers helped me become who I was. Strangers taught me about a different world than what I knew in my small town. Strangers allowed me to see from a different perspective. Strangers introduced me to academia, gender theory, Ivy League colleges, the politics of war, etc. So I hate how we vilify all strangers as inherently bad. Did I meet some sketchballs on the Internet when I was a teen? DEFINITELY. They were weird; I moved on. As usual danah boyd makes a lot of sense. I think people are way too paranoid online. My 60x60 px blurry pixelated, profile pic shows up on Google search!! Waaa!!...Oh pleeease! Menus, the Merge, and a Patch Sprint! A Report from the WordPress 3.0 Development Cycle. A new menu management system and the merging of WordPress and WordPress MU codebases. Ten rules for writing fiction - Part One and Part Two . Get an accountant, abstain from sex and similes, cut, rewrite, then cut and rewrite again – if all else fails, pray. Inspired by Elmore Leonard's 10 Rules of Writing, we asked authors for their personal dos and don'ts. How Google's Algorithm Rules the Web Ram Gopal Varma and his Al Qaeda Another one of those 'whats-wrong-with-ramu' articles. By Raja Sen. The Surreal World of Chatroulette Better Living Through Artistry SEWA's Trade Facilitation Centre, a cooperative textile manufacturing company in Ahmedabad, India, is no sweatshop, but part of a vast, productive network of self-employed women. Finding Innovation in Every Corner Indian management expert Anil Gupta seeks to reduce poverty by championing those who are knowledge-rich though rupee-poor. He is the founder of the HoneyBee Network. The Making of a Cricket Ball No wonder one ball isn't like any other. And I still can't believe they can't make one that lasts 50 overs. Critics reviews and ratings this week - Teen Patti and Karthik Calling Karthik . Escape Artistes An exodus of young Indians leaves home every year in search of the bright lights of reality shows. But what happens to them after you switch off? Do You Know This Man? 270 novels. 2.5 crore copies sold. Now English readers can finally meet Surinder Mohan Pathak, India's pulp fiction king. What really happens when you navigate to a URL In a blog, is it worth spending time creating tags and categories for SEO purposes? The answer from Google Webmaster Help. I keep telling clients to cut down on categories and tags unless they can form a useful part of the navigation. But nobody listens...and don't even get me started on those tag clouds. The One Who Got Away – Pictory Pictory is fast turning into one of my fave sites. A new global visual language for the BBC's digital services Looks like they are ditching Verdana. Good. The White House posts visitor records online Buzz launch wasn't flawed, Google's intentions are What Google lacks is not infrastructure, engineers, money, time or even great ideas. It's the ability to delight users. Just what I think of Google. The Essential Man It has been nearly four years since Roger Ebert lost his lower jaw and his ability to speak. Now television's most famous movie critic is rarely seen and never heard, but his words have never stopped. Esquire profiles Robert Ebert. Celebrities Upside Down Pictures The interweb just keeps upping the scale of bizarre. Pictures - Carnival 2010 How to respond to email messages that contain multiple questions do not start your response by writing something like "Hi. You can find my answers in red text below." Yes, please don't. Oh, The Humanity: My Chatroulette Experience Comic - Relationship status :) Chatroulette's Creator, 17, Introduces Himself People Share News Online That Inspires Awe, Researchers Find People preferred e-mailing articles with positive rather than negative themes, and they liked to send long articles on intellectually challenging topics. Firstly, the research considered only the NYT website so it isn't representative of a wider trend. Secondly, I suppose people want friends/family to 'think' that they are reading articles on 'intellectually challenging topics' rather than frivolous ones! This weeks critics reviews and ratings - Toh Baat Pakki and Click . HOW TO: Integrate Facebook, Twitter, and Buzz into Your Gmail Obama Is Hiring a Twitterer The Democratic National Committee's "social networks manager" job description says the position entails maintaining the President's accounts on Facebook, Twitter and MySpace. Studio 360 Challenge: Redesign Valentine's Day Tough job. Nice attempt. Minute Memes The Minute Memes project is a series of one-minute videos about copyright restrictions and artistic freedom, made by award-winning animator Nina Paley. First couple of videos - Copying is not theft and All creative work is derivative . Agree with the second one but I ain't a fan of copying. I prefer stealing and making it your own. Logorama Nominated at the 2010 Oscars - Best Short Film (Animated). Watch the full movie. Leadership Lessons from Dancing Guy A video Valentine :) Broken feedback loops To future application creators I ask that you simply respect the creators of content and help them improve by offering notification, search, and/or backlink capabilities so it's possible for someone to see where their creations end up. Free advice: show up early Update on PayPal situation in India Official Google Blog: Think big with a gig: Our experimental fiber network We'll deliver Internet speeds more than 100 times faster than what most Americans have access to today with 1 gigabit per second, fiber-to-the-home connections. Pliss be laying one of them internet pipes to my place too...pliss... Gizmodo's Comment System: How It Works and Why It's Better City subways remain unused, abused Official Google Blog: Introducing Google Buzz Also - Google Buzz Explained How to Do Everything in Google Buzz (Including Turn It Off) If Google Wave Is The Future, Google Buzz Is The Present Whassup with Ramu? Why has one of our most gifted film directors sunk to such depths? This isn't the guy who made Rangeela, Company, and Satya. This is Varma's evil twin, a guy who likes drunk camerawork and lingers a little too long on Neetu Chandra's cleavage. This is a director who believes he's depicting this world, but doesn't quite realise how out of touch he really is. Ya..what's up with you Ramu? Tangy Twin Cuisine Gourmets around the country are slowly waking up to the culinary charms of Karnataka's two most prominent cuisines—Bunt and Coorgi. The Man Who Looked Into Facebook's Soul Insight from data collected in the course of analyzing Facebook profiles and fan pages worldwide. Glitch Also - Watching the birth of Flickr co-founder's gaming start-up and What The Wii Did For Console Gaming, Glitch Wants To Do For MMOs. And It Just Might. Google Parisian Love 2010 Super Bowl Commercial YouTube Bollywood channel Quite a few full-length movies here including some good ones. Is ChatRoulette the Future of the Internet or Its Distant Past? The site activates your webcam automatically; when you click "start" you're suddenly staring at another human on your screen and they're staring back at you, at which point you can either choose to chat (via text or voice) or just click "next," instantly calling up someone else. Creepy and way too many masturbating men...is all I want to say. How 3D works, and why it's back Common Misconceptions about Web Designers It's proven: Digital meters can be made to lie They found just 51 digital autorickshaw meters (out of 2,760) that were tampered. Bull shit!. At least 60% of them are tampered. The Death of Global Warming The movement died from two causes: bad science and bad politics. Watch TV Online - TVGorge.com 27 Avatar Questions, Answered By The Movie's Designers The Days of Miracles and Wonder Hello. I am you, from the year 2010, two decades in the future. This weeks movie reviews - My Name is Khan A perfect selection storm Rohit's was a case of being in the right place at the right time. He was leading the Board President's XI in the warm-up game against the South Africans and was asked to stay back at the team hotel as the cloud over Laxman's wrist injury had not yet cleared. Waah! More upcoming cricketers should hang around team hotels. Laxman's injury had been known for a long time and there was plenty of time to arrange for a replacement...a deserving one. PayPal Halts Personal Payment Transactions From And To India Gathering from comments elsewhere business payments have also been affected. That's bad news. Pictures - Colorful India Movie Trailer - Karthik Calling Karthik Microsoft's Creative Destruction By Dick Brass, vice president at Microsoft from 1997 to 2004. Best of British Comedy - Comic Relief / Catherine Tate and Daniel Craig Aamir's marketing genius in 3 Idiots Comic - You hang up first :) Create Pages in Blogger Those of you on Blogger...the pages feature is now out of Draft. Movie Trailer - Kites TukTastic.com Autorickshaw driver Samson's website. Also - Hey auto! Package Design: Sensis Condoms Nice. The Right Way to Wireframe Pretty much my web design process. After the Deadline The After the Deadline Firefox add-on brings smart, contextual spelling and grammar checking to the browser. This is the title of a typical incendiary blog post Do read and go through the comments as well :) Bill Watterson, creator of beloved 'Calvin and Hobbes' comic strip looks back with no regrets Answers questions via e-mail. Believed to be the first interview with the reclusive artist since 1989. Q. How soon after the U.S. Postal Service issues the Calvin stamp will you send a letter with one on the envelope? A. Immediately. I'm going to get in my horse and buggy and snail-mail a check for my newspaper subscription. The sarcasm is still intact :) The Evolution of the College Dorm - Photo Essay Must say I prefer the 'work-for-it' Kentucky one rather than the 'room-cleaning-service' Rutgers one. Helicopter Parents: The Backlash Against Overparenting 40,000 More Extensions! Google Chrome 4 now natively supports Greasemonkey user scripts. Barefoot running: How humans ran comfortably and safely before the invention of shoes Grammys Fug Universe: Lady Gaga Whoa!! Hard to come up with words to describe those 'clothes'... Pictures - Haiti three weeks later Steve Jobs and the Economics of Elitism Great products, according to Mr. Jobs, are triumphs of "taste." And taste, he explains, is a byproduct of study, observation and being steeped in the culture of the past and present, of "trying to expose yourself to the best things humans have done and then bring those things into what you are doing." LOVE ISSUE THREE With eight different covers. Each one features a completely naked supermodel – Kate, Naomi, Kristen, Amber, Natalia, Daria, Jeneil and Lara – shot in the same pose by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggot. The Depressing News About Antidepressants Studies suggest that the popular drugs are no more effective than a placebo. In fact, they may be worse. Movie Trailer - Well Done Abba Shyam Benegal's next, starring Boman Irani and Minnisha Lamba. Back to his Hyderabadi roots, going by the language. This weeks movie reviews - Striker Directors Roundtable: Film directors Quentin Tarantino ('Inglourious Basterds'), Peter Jackson ('The Lovely Bones'), James Cameron ('Avatar'), Kathryn Bigelow ('The Hurt Locker'), Jason Reitman ('Up in the Air'), and Lee Daniels ('Precious') on Part 1: Whether they consider themselves Hollywood 'insiders' or 'outsiders , Part 2 - The toughest scenes they've had to film for a movie , Part 3: What they would do if they weren't directing movies. Pictures - Afghanistan, January, 2010 Unhappy Hipsters Funny captions of modern dwellings. archipod Garden office...interesting... Zokkomon - First Look Not sure why they are calling this Disney's debut in India. What about Roadside Romeo? Charlie Brooker - How To Report The News :) Weave Sync Add-on for Firefox. Synchronize your bookmarks, history, tabs and passwords wherever you go. Whether you use Firefox on your phone, laptop, or desktop, securely access all your data. Hitler responds to the iPad Ok...the last Hilter one I link to. J. D. Salinger, Enigmatic Author, Dies at 91 Boy, when you're dead, they really fix you up. I hope to hell when I do die somebody has sense enough to just dump me in the river or something. Anything except sticking me in a goddam cemetery. People coming and putting a bunch of flowers on your stomach on Sunday, and all that crap. Who wants flowers when you're dead? Nobody. Also - JD Salinger's new-look oeuvre Before his death, JD Salinger's publisher, Hamish Hamilton, worked with him to produce jackets for reissues of his books (originally planned for June, they are now due out next month). Here, you can view all four covers for the first time Simon Prosser, publishing director, Hamish Hamilton: "There are strict rules about JD Salinger's covers. The only copy allowed on the books, back or front, is the author name and the title. Nothing else at all: no quotes, no cover blurb, no biography." What's in Salinger's safe? 15 unpublished books? Apple - iPad Is here. Also - iPad About By Stephen Fry. One of the more balanced reviews. Never Dupe Your Readers On the stunt Jason Calacanis pulled on the eve of the iPad launch. Sania calls off her engagement to Mohammad Sohrab People who knew Sohrab were actually surprised she chose him in the first place. The Fugstralian Open Venus, Venus, Venus. VENUS. What are we going to do with you? I know! What sorta brainwave made her think that it would be cool to make people think that isn't wearing any underwear. Scrumptious Indian recipes from a New York chef The lamb chops sound good. Free Publicity: Who do we help? Apple of course! Eh... The Phantom Reader No one reads anymore but you. The Tehelka Readership Survey 2010 travelled across the country, asking people inquisitive questions about their most solitary habit: reading. Eat and drink your way through Outer Ring Road For those of you in B'lore. Why 'Avatar' is actually the 26th biggest movie After Three Months, Only 35 Subscriptions for Newsday's Web Site The paper was one of the first non-business newspapers to take the plunge by putting up a pay wall. Mile Sur Mera Tomorrow? Fail How to use a semicolon Official Google Reader Blog: Follow changes to any website Nice. Veekes and Thomas Are doing a Chetan Bhagat on continental food in Bangalore. Haven't tried them out yet. Martin Amis calls for euthanasia booths on street corners Yes! The boy who paints like an old master His pictures cost upwards of £900, there are 680 people on a waiting list to buy them, and his second exhibition sold out in 14 minutes. Patrick Barkham meets the gifted artist Kieron Williamson, aged seven. BREAKING: Popeye Admits To Spinach Use Popeye finally came clean Monday, admitting he used spinach when he delivered a savage and unlikely beating to romantic rival Bluto in 1998. Popeye said in a statement sent to The Associated Press on Monday that he used spinach on and off for nearly a decade. :) Sherlock Holmes end credit sequence And interview with the creative director. I loved his work in Six Feet Under and Iron Man too. The annual Felton report is out Extensions, bookmark sync and more for Google Chrome Once they get the Web developer/Firebug extensions I am off Firefox for good. OMG: brains can't handle all our Facebook friends We may be able to amass 5,000 friends on Facebook but humans' brains are capable of managing a maximum of only 150 friendships, a study has found. They are assuming that you can make only 150 connections that you 'care' about. But that's not the criterion on which people add friends to their list. Eating Cheap in Bangalore Blog on street food in B'lore. Better Place Raises $350 Million To Make This World A Better Place Continuing to follow Shai Agassi. What Happens When You Unplug from Your Internet Addiction? After some soul searching, I decided to take a two-week leap into digital darkness - limiting my internet, TV, and cell phone access to working hours. Here, I document the journey - the acting out, the anger, the eventual acceptance - and a few realizations I had along the way. Not surprisingly, it reads a bit like the journal of a recovering addict... 21 interviews with popular bloggers from India - Part 1 , Part 2 thesixtyone - a music adventure Interesting design. How websites work I think I do the watering can part. HOW TO: Set up a free online monitoring system Now and then: Do we really need five blades? Mach3. Quattro. Fusion Power. Two centuries (and five blades) later, are razors any better today? This has been going the same way as running shoes. Reporters put Twitter, Facebook to 'Big Brother' test Five journalists plan to lock themselves away in a French farmhouse with access only to Facebook and Twitter to test the quality of news from the social networking and micro-blogging sites. The Man Who Predicts The Medals Daniel Johnson makes remarkably accurate Olympic medal predictions. But he doesn't look at individual athletes or their events. The Colorado College economics professor considers just a handful of economic variables to come up with his prognostications. Gulzar's quirkiest songs How about 'Lakdi ki kaathi'? LivingCraigslist My idea? To live my life off Craigslist. What does that mean exactly? Well, I’m glad you asked. I have made some ground rules that I will be living by over the year. Here they are: &gt; I will start with $2,500 that I’ve saved during college &gt; I will have a car, a phone, a computer and cameras to document the trip &gt; I am not allowed to live out of my car &gt; I am not allowed to live with someone I know for longer than a week at the beginning of each city &gt; I am allowed one large bag containing clothes and a few staple foods &gt; I am not allowed to initiate contact with someone unless it is through an online interaction This means, put simply, I will find jobs, housing, friends, food and other necessities entirely via Craigslist. Posthumous Hosting and Digital Culture The deaths of Leslie Harpold and Brad Graham, in addition to being tragic and horrible and sad, have highlighted the questionable long-term viability of blogs, personal sites, and web magazines as legitimate artistic and literary expressions. Hmm...Leslie's site was one of first few sites that I started following regularly. Clouds 365 Project Beginning July 1, 2009, I will shoot an image or video of clouds every day for 365 days. On days that are cloudless or rainy, I will have to stretch creatively to illustrate the day. Sony Bravia NX800 Series HDTV Sexy. Video - Indian Innovators Nice. These are from the Honey Bee Network I think. They should come up with a show on the lines of the New Inventors . Would be fun. Is it Great Britain, the United Kingdom, the British Isles or what exactly? I had no idea it was this way. The Gates Notes Bill Gates' new website. Blogger in Draft: Pages come to Blogger In Draft I know most of you on WordPress.com would laugh at this but it still is big for Blogger. Apple Sees New Money in Old Media Steve Jobs's Tablet Device Looks to Repackage TV, Magazines, Just as iPod Changed Music Sales. Its amazing to see the kind of frenzy Apple can generate. Most brands would be envious. IPL matches to be broadcast live on Youtube Intuit Money Manager There is definitely a space there for a Mint like money manager in India. I would try this one if I had money to manage :| Standing committee A new female urinary device that lets women pee standing up. Umm... Reuters.com Has redesigned. Fresh Geek Salad A surprising number of recession-hit IT professionals in Bangalore are rebooting their careers by starting their own restaurants. &quot;If you seek his monument, look around&quot; Whatever his personal inclinations, he was the public face of a socially regressive movement that destroyed Bengal's age-old refinement. He led the mob that made the Bengali coarse. Even these could have been overlooked had he left West Bengal in a better state than when he first assumed charge in 1967 (remember that he was the driving force behind the United Front governments of 1967 and 1969). He unleashed forces that caused the complete destruction of Bengal's manufacturing industry. He killed the work ethic in Bengal. He helped make Bengalis a tribe of the permanently aggrieved. Mamata Bannerjee is his true successor. She will complete his unfinished agenda of destruction. Swapan Dasgupta pays 'tribute' to Jyoti Basu. Movie promos - Aamir Khan Productions' Peepli Live Interesting. The premise is reminiscent of Main Azad Hoon, which was one of Amitabh Bachchan's better movies, though it was far ahead of its time and which itself was 'inspired' by Meet John Doe. About Me Hello my name is Andrew. And I am 10 years old. I made this website, I have been programming since i was 7. ! How To Tell If A Plant Is Dead And How To Recover An Almost Dead Plant 
 Wake Up Call is a free short story posted by me, your insomniac host, Cheeseburger Brown . Alternative Formats: Kindle | iPad Connected Stories: Simon of Space And now, the complete tale: I. Drillard dreamed. He could tell, because nothing seemed real. His mother pulled him upright while his head lolled, then shoved aside his teddy bear and tugged off his pajamas. She was talking but Drillard couldn't make out a word of it. He was lost in the smell of his childhood bedroom, drooping under a warm blanket of nostalgia, disappearing again behind collapsing eyelids... "Mommy?" The alarm clock was buzzing. His mouth was tacky with the taste of wine. The venetian blinds cast stripes of sunlight across the ceiling, but they were too bright to look at. Drillard rolled into the pillow, muffling away the sounds of traffic whizzing by outside. The pillow smelled like Pauline. He looked up with a gasp, but she wasn't there. How could she be? He was no more a married man than he was a child. No. No, it was raining. Pittering on the ceiling, washing down the windows. Drillard propped himself up on one elbow to watch it, the distorted images of cars smearing past. He wiped his hand down his face. He dug sand out of the corners of his eyes. Brushing his teeth before the mirror he paused to wonder at his face. "Mother Mars," he sighed, "when did I get to look so haggard?" He bathed, he shaved, he shat. He pulled on his pants and looked for his hat. He barked his shin on the coffee table, because he'd forgotten all about it. It had been a part of his life so very long ago, after all. Drillard paused at the doorway, key in his hand, hovering. He felt like he was forgetting something. II. The day was dim, the fat jovian disc Yasu occluding half the sky. Drillard stared at its swirls as he swayed, standing, on the train. He held a loop of leather, hemmed in by his damp fellows. Strings of advertising text marched at eye-level along the windows. Pleasantly the train cooed, "Pilgrim Landing, Pilgrim Landing Station is the next stop." A chime sounded, the doors parted and Drillard was expectorated. A dozen umbrellas unfolded around him with a series of pops. "My umbrella -- I should've remembered my umbrella," he said to himself, but the realization did not assuage his insistent sense of something forgotten. He gathered the lapels of his coat and hunkered his shoulders to sink down into the collar. The city was a vast grey beast towering all around him, the tips of its spires lost to mist, lines of dim traffic snaking between them. Each building had a thousand glowing eyes. Every artery was clogged with viscous streams of umbrella tops. Too many people in too close quarters, elbowing their way to their stalls... Ishtar was a crowded world. The rain irritated him. The gravity felt too heavy today, making him sluggish. He couldn't keep himself from yawning again and again. He found himself lingering aside of the commuter mob when his eye was caught by a glittering storefront display. Others shouldered past him but Drillard remained transfixed. It wasn't new -- he'd passed it many times before -- but this morning it seemed to have a special transfixative quality that inspired in Drillard a bewildering but welcome calm. The animated letters said: PEOPLE LIKE YOU BEGIN NEW HISTORIES. Beneath the headline was a great holographic globe with half its sphere composed of cratered rock while the other was a fractal splatter of blue seas and green continents. Various points of interest were highlighted. The one currently crawling into view indicated a prairie city founded by Ishtari expatriates, their smiling faces enclosed in little circles. As the circles came near they spoke. "I never thought I would find myself the mayor of new world colony, but here I am and loving it!" The backdrop was a continually updating spreadsheet of available jobs, listing salary, benefits, contract length and living conditions. There were calls for terraforming engineers, atmospheric scientists, power plant workers, civil architects, gardiners, pilots, preschool teachers, dentists and barbers and smiths... "I'd go myself if I had a trade," said a vagrant sitting beneath the display. "But that ship has sailed." Drillard looked down at him. The man held up a filthy cup. Drillard dropped a few pennies inside. "Cheapskate," snarled the vagrant. Drillard turned away and walked on, rejoining the throng. Its current carried him to work. He jammed himself into an elevator with too many other people. The car creaked as it ascended. The climb took a very, very long time. Normally nervous, Drillard wondered why he felt no fear. Only numbness. People on the elevator had the same conversations as people on the train. The talk was a hypnotic, sussurussing rhythm of platitudes and slogans and misquoted excerpts of popular entertainments -- a lullabye of inanity. Drillard found himself sagging into the man next to him, then shook himself and straightened. "Sorry," he mumbled. He pinched himself inside his pocket to stifle the next yawn. III. "Keeping you up, Drilly?" Drillard's head rocketed up from his desk, leaving behind a modest pool of drool. He knuckled his sockets and cleared his throat, then smoothed down his shirtfront and wiped away the saliva with a sleeve. "Nearly scared the faeces out of me, Mona." "That's what you get for sleeping on the job," she teased, wagging a finger at him. She peeled off her slick overcoat and tucked herself in behind the desk opposite Drillard's with a flip of her long brown hair. "Late night? Hot date?" "What?" said Drillard, blinking. "Oh God, no. I don't know. I just feel like I can't wake up all the way today...like I'm looking at the world from under a wet blanket. Everything's a bit woolly." Mona nodded sympathetically but instead of setting to work at her terminal she leaned across the desk and pointed a small flashlight directly at Drillard's eye. She clicked it on with her thumb, unleashing a blaze of brightness. "Slightly asymmetric pupil response," she said in a clinical voice. Drillard winced, batting her hand away. "Damn it!" he grunted. "What the hell did you do that for? My eyes are killing me. God, Mona." Mona looked up at him blankly, hands poised over her terminal. "I'm sorry?" "What's with the goddamn light?" She raised a single eyebrow, mouth pinched. She glanced up at the overhead lights. "Are you feeling alright, Drill? I can signal an iteration of the nurseplex if you want." He waved that off. "Forget it. I'll be fine." "You're pale." He tried to summon a hopeful grin. "Maybe I'd feel better if you bought me dinner." She chuckled but it wasn't unkind. "If this is the hangover you have after a date with a mere mortal, what makes you think you could even survive stepping out with the likes of me?" "I'm not hungover, Mona." "You look like you're about to faint." Drillard pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "When I was a teenager," he said into the ruddy darkness behind his lids, "I used to be able to sleep in all morning long. Remember that? I'd sort of surface, look at my clock, and then dip back under and have a million more dreams. The next time I'd come up only five minutes had passed and my parents were still yelling at me to get up and mow the damn lawn." "Sure," said Mona softly. "I remember that." "Sometimes I'd dream that I'd already woken up," he said. "It could be unsettling." When Mona did not reply he opened his eyes again. Rivulets of bent light ran along the ceiling, the rain casting strange caustics between the blinds. The pressure against the back of Drillard's head was not his chair but rather his pillow. He was horizontal. Traffic moaned and swooped and chittered by outside his high-rise window. Drillard's alarm clock was buzzing. IV. "Neurologically, I don't see anything amiss." Dr. Salts turned away from the tomographic display as the gurney Drillard lay upon withdrew from inside the scanning drum. Drillard sat up as soon as his head had cleared the edge. He looked at the rotating image of his brain, the most oxygenated regions glowing gaily blue. "What does it mean, Doc?" "It means your issues are not organic in origin." Drillard sagged. "So I'm cracking up." Dr. Salts raised his brow. "It may simply mean that you're under an unusual amount of stress. Would you like me to subscribe you to an analyst construct? It may help to talk about it." Drillard shook his head. "I just want something to stop me from feeling so drowsy and detached. A medicine -- there must be a medicine I can take!" "I'm sorry Mr. Drillard, but I do not condone the prescription of pharmacological solutions without an accompanying regimen of counselling. It would be irresponsible, you understand, to address your symptoms without attempting to correct the underlying problem." Drillard sighed, then jerked awake. The train cooed, "North Central Medical, North Central Medical Complex is the next stop." He pushed his way through the passengers and staggered out onto the platform. In his hand was clutched his appointment chit for Dr. Salt's office. He looked up at the grand public clock at the end of the platform, but decided against rushing. Was there any point in sprinting for an appointment he had just dreamed he had already had? Was the real Dr. Salt likely to tell him anything much different than the imaginary one? Drillard chucked the chit into the garbage, then changed his mind and went after it, fishing his hand through wet filth until he'd retrieved it. When he arrived at Dr. Salt's office he was quickly disabused of the notion that he might be somehow precognitive, as Dr. Salt was on vacation and his appointments were being handled by a fill-in. Her name was Dr. Sen. "I don't see any neurological issues in your scan," she said, long brown fingers folded on her blotter. "And your bloodwork is normal. In light of this, I'm not convinced your problem is somatic. Have you considered psychotherapy?" "Yeah," he said, nodding vaguely. "Twice, actually." The analyst construct downloaded itself into his home console just as Drillard was finishing supper. He pushed his plate aside, turned off the soccer game and then watched the progress bar fill on the display. A chime sounded. "Good evening," said a smoothly modulated artificial voice. "Tell me about your mother." Afterward, he went to a bar. After that he found himself knocking on an unfamiliar apartment door. He was as surprised as anyone when Mona answered. "...Drilly?" "Can I come in?" he mumbled, already moving forward. She sat cross-legged on the sofa in pink pajamas, a mug of steaming tea between her thighs. Drillard paced back and forth in front of the wide wall of windows that overlooked the city's bright core. "So basically the damn thing tells me I hate my job, I'm sick of my life, and if I don't want to get stuck in a cycle of worsening depression I've got to make some big changes." Mona furrowed her brow, arms crossed. "What kind of changes, Drill? I mean, you've applied for employment amelioration like ten times. What else can you do? Retrain? What would you study?" He licked his lips, still pacing. "Maybe I should just leave." "Leave? Where would you go? Out East?" "Offworld," he replied, eyes flashing. "Maybe I could go offworld." Mona drew in her breath sharply. Drillard couldn't be sure but it seemed to him that there was something almost impressed in her expression. Hesitantly she said, "Do you really think you're cut out for that kind of life?" He snorted. "Well, clearly I'm not cut out for this one. Just ask the goddamn analyst construct." "Tell me about your mother..." "That's not funny." She opened a bottle of wine, explaining it had been set aside for a date who had stood her up. Drillard heard himself say that seemed unlikely. She shrugged as she poured out two glasses. "Don't bothering buttering me up," she replied tartly, setting the bottle back on the table. "You know full well I'm lightyears out of your league, Drill. I'm not trying to be mean. It's just the truth." Drillard nodded. "Yeah, I know." "No matter how you shake it I'm B-3 and you're C-5, and my mama taught me to never fool around outside my genetic cohort." He nodded again. "Yeah. I guess when everything feels like a dream it just seems like anything might be possible. It's the underappreciated upshot of losing your grip." She offered him a wan smile and reached out to touch his shoulder. "Poor Drilly. If you ever did kiss me you know what would happen, don't you? You'd wake right up." The snapped her fingers then tried to force a laugh. He glanced down. "You're falling out of your pajamas." Mona turned pink and hit him with a pillow. "Go home, Drill," she said, crossing her arms over her chest again. "It's late." "Sure," he agreed, draining his glass. "Thanks for listening." He turned around and scooped up his jacket from the floor, and when his head came up again he banged it hard against the upper edge of the scanning drum. "Damn it!" he bellowed, stars winking through his vision. Dr. Sen was peering in at him. "Mr. Drillard, have you hurt yourself?" Drillard said an unprintable word as the gurney slid out of the scanner. He sat up all the way and rubbed at his throbbing forehead. When he opened his eyes again Dr. Sen was staring at him splayed out on the gurney with his hospital chemise tented impressively over his erection. He crossed his legs quickly. "How long was I out?" "Out?" echoed Dr. Sen. "But you've only just gone into the scanner." Drillard pressed his lips together grimly. "Something serious is happening to me, doctor, I know it," he whispered. "I just wish I could remember what it is." V. "Wake up!" Drillard groaned. "Wake up, God damn you, wake up Drill!" He smelled baby powder and sex. He opened his eyes. He was curled up in a twisted piece of pink comforter. Along the headboard: mineral water, exfoliating facial scrubs, cinnamon massage oil. Standing over him: Mona with a silk sheet clutched against her front. "What?" stammered Drillard. "Oh my God ," shrieked Mona. "What did you put in my wine you bastard?" "But we didn't do anything -- you sent me home, remember?" Mona snatched up a pair of pants and began flogging at him with them. "Liar!" she cried, face screwed up tightly in fury. "I can't believe this. I can't believe you. I can't believe my own friend -- we've been friends for three years, Drill! -- my own friend would take advantage of me like this! I hate you!" Drillard tried to shield himself as she started picking up random things from the floor and lobbing them at his head. "I didn't do anything!" he pled, taking a shoe to the temple as gracefully as he could manage. "I'm ovulating you idiot! Do you know what this means? I'm B-fornicating-3!" Drillard's mouth went dry. "You can abort. They won't even give you a hassle, because I'm just C-5. You can say I forced you!" "You did force me!" She punched him the face. Drillard rolled backward off the bed and hit the wall, upsetting a vanity and sending vials of cosmetics crashing in all directions. He tasted blood. "Stop!" he wailed. "I thing you broge by node!" Naked and furious, Mona wrenched the fallen vanity up over her head. Before Drillard could object she swung it down upon him. He had raised one arm defensively, and it was this arm he felt break first. Then the bulk of the furniture careened into his head and everything went dark and awful. Beep. Drillard stirred. Beep. His eyes opened slightly, admitting a painful light. He slowly gained awareness of a body as heavy as weak. When he lolled his head he heard the crisp whispers of a starched pillow against his ears. Beep. A white room. Sun-dappled leaf shadows spread along the wall. Sickly sweet smell of old flowers. A machine at his elbow reporting audibly on his respiration. Beep. The smell of disinfectant and cologne, vomit and ozone. Tinny voices paging specialists. "Doctor, Mr. Drillard is ready for your examination." Two long faces looked in over Drillard, his own pallid and slack features reflected in their cold eyes. Together they discussed his bowel movements and glucose levels, then one of them drew out a little flashlight and clicked it on with his thumb as he pointed it first into Drillard's left eye, then his right. Drillard was trapped inside himself. He could neither move nor speak. "I'd like to test the gag response." "Heart rate is elevating." "Show me the realtime cochlear data. Is he hearing us?" Drillard's rehabilitation began immediately. He was weak as a kitten. He was propped up on pillows with an intravenous line attached to his ludicrously skinny arm, and asked many simple questions like whether he felt up to counting backwards from twenty or if he could recite the alphabet. He tired quickly. He would protest against his heavy lids. "I can do a few more. I just want to stay awake." "You've spent a long time in a very deep coma, Mr. Drillard. Please, let us set the pace." There was a television in the hospital ward and the lady in the next bed over liked to keep it tuned to a popular situation comedy about a young urban professional called Ishtar is Your Oyster, Mona Farmer . Drillard wore a faraway, sad expression as he watched the sexy brunette starlet cavort on screen. Everyone else in the ward laughed uproariously at the dumb jokes. Physiotherapy was hard. "You need to find something to fight for," urged his therapist as Drillard was crumpled, panting, at the base of the treadmill. "You need to want to get back to your life." "My wife left me," he croaked forlornly. "When you're well again, you can meet somebody new." "I'm C-5." "There are plenty of C-5 women around. Not everybody wants to spend their life having babies, you know. What do you think you might want to do once you're up and at it again?" He grimaced, tasting the metal bar against his mouth. "I don't know." "You need a dream, Mr. Drillard. You can't strive without a dream." VI. Yasu was setting. The shadow of her giant rings cut through the swirls of cloud visible on her broad limb above the treetops. The sky beyond was purple and pinpricked with the evening's first stars, a chorus around Proxima. The opposite horizon burned golden as Centauri Prime rolled out of view. Birds chirped. Drillard sat on a bench, an intravenous bag hanging on a wheeled stand beside him. Orderlies were helping the other patients inside from the garden. Drillard awaited his turn, lazily watching streams of traffic clot and stretch over the city, the amber glow of Centauri Secundae lighting up the bellies of the clouds as it rose. A monk walked over and took a seat next to him. "Do you mind?" Drillard shook his head. "Feel free. You'll have the whole bench to yourself in a minute or two. The orderlies are coming to float me back to my room." "I wouldn't mind chatting in the meantime. You're Trenton Drillard, aren't you?" Drillard nodded. "That's me." The monk's brow was sloped with concern, his face etched by years of similar compassions. "My name is Brother Necker," he said. "I'm a Zorannite volunteer with the hospital. We haven't spoken before." Drillard shrugged. "I'm not really religious." The monk smiled carelessly. "No, I suppose you're not an observant man so far as that goes. But it is my understanding that you're experiencing a particularly religious predicament." "You've been misinformed. I was just in a coma." "And suffering persistent delusions of awakening, isn't that right?" Drillard conceded a nod. "Well, all but the last one were delusions, I guess. I'm here now, aren't I?" The monk shifted somewhat closer, leaning in. "Then you're altogether convinced that the process is complete? This reality --" he said, gesturing briefly at their darkening environs, "-- is the ultimate reality. Is that so?" Drillard hesitated. "I'm getting better," he said a bit more aggressively than he had planned. "The construct thinks I'm just a little shell-shocked from the experience of waking up out of the coma. Once burned, twice shy -- that kind of thing. The doctors say I'm doing great." Brother Necker sat back again, his eyes unfocused. "And yet you don't feel quite wholly yourself." "I'm getting better," said Drillard again. "But you have stopped fighting." "There's nothing to fight against. It's all been explained to me." The monk turned to him seriously, his wizened little face glowering with a new hint of menace. "In that satisfaction lies your doom, Mr. Drillard," he said, eyes fixed on eyes. Suddenly he blinked, sat back, and assumed his previous careless posture. He looked up at the sky. "Have you studied much history, Trenton?" "Nobody calls me Trenton," replied Drillard carefully, watching the monk. "No," he added after a moment. "I mean, not really. I'm just a traffic controller. What's this about doom?" Brother Necker gestured upward. The darkening quarter of the sky now admitted the brightest parts of the green and scarlet phantasm of gas every Ishtari knew so well. "Rome," he said, pointing out a streamer of fluorescing helium. "New York," he said, letting his finger trace sideways across the sky to settle on a patch of ink against a backdrop of glittering stars. "Paris. Every city of the ancient world, every road, every grave, every tree...spread out across the sky in dust." "Sure," grunted Drillard noncommitally. "Everybody knows all about the Solar Nebula." "Our race fled in the face of that calamity -- that you know well, too -- and it was just a single ark that reached this Second Earth. Of those that set out, only a single generation ship arrived." "Right," agreed Drillard. "What many people don't appreciate is that, after the accident -- after we were separated from the others -- a whole generation arose on our ark that was utterly ignorant of their situation. Can you imagine that? They consulted our oldest books and found facts described therein that had virtually no correlation to the reality in which they found themselves. They had to wonder why the ancestors thought things like 'the sky' were so important when there was evidently no such thing." Drillard shifted. "Disorienting." "Worse," said Brother Necker gravely. "It nearly drove them psychotic. Our history nearly ended right there and then. You see, a man cannot live when he has no trust in his world. Imagine waking yourself out of ignorance to find a source of knowledge which seems to contradict everything that seems reasonable until a further stage of awakening is achieved. So was for them: the wisdom of the ancestors made no sense until we made planetfall." Drillard frowned, then glanced over his shoulder to see if could spot an orderly. "What's your point?" The monk leaned in close again. "Clarity is seeking you," he said seriously. "You, in turn, must seek clarity. At that union all these bewildering fragments will assemble into a sensible whole, and wisdom will be yours. You can and must awaken to this truth, my son." Centauri Secundae had risen. Drillard studied the star absently, hearing the monk shift beside him. Finally he muttered, "So what would you have me do? Sacrifice a goat? Meditate under a baobab? Shelter orphans?" "Swim, my son. You must simply swim." And as he said this Drillard saw that the nebula above them was running and twisting with distortion as its light was filtered through the undulating surface of a sea. The stars, the clouds, the satellites -- of them seemed to be refracting down to him through a liquid sky. The city wavered like weeds on the ocean floor, and suddenly Drillard's lungs ached for air. He was floating. "We're having cherry gelatin tonight," said the orderly. But Drillard was far above him now, clawing and kicking his way through the thick aether toward the lights of heaven. He strained his fingertips toward the vault, desperate now to break the surface and breathe again. Upward, ever upward, Drillard surged toward the shining orb of Secundae... VII. With a start Drillard realized that he had failed to complete his mathematics homework. He looked up at the teacher and quailed inside, the taste of bile at the back of his throat. "Stand up, Mr. Drillard!" Drillard stood up. He felt cold. He looked down and saw, to his horror, that he was stark naked. All the other kids pointed and laughed. Drillard fell upon himself, folding in half to cover his genitals and avert his eyes. He tried to roll into a little ball where there on the waxed linoleum floor. He pressed his fists into his eyes and willed the world to melt away... "Trenton, dear, you'll be late for school." "But I'm already at school." He saw that he wasn't. He was in his bed beside Pauline, drawing little circles of tickle on her exposed hip as his mother busied herself about the bedroom, putting stuffed toys back on the shelf and hucking sports-themed underwear into the dirty laundry bin. "Honestly, this room is a sty." "Could you just give me a minute Mom, so I can have sex with Pauline one last time before the divorce?" "Of course dear, but please have a bit of breakfast first." She made spaceship sounds as she flew each spoonful of hot oatmeal into his mouth and then used the edge of the spoon to wipe away the excess. Drillard obediently opened for the next helping. Pauline exhaled loudly and rolled her eyes. "Just a sec, honey," he mumbled around his food. "I'm almost done here." "You're no pioneer," sneered Pauline. "There's no ceiling on what I can be, Polly." "You can't be a father." "No, not to children. I guess not. But maybe to something else. People like me begin new histories, you know." He was distracted by the fat, thick-lipped man sitting on the end of the bed. His hands looked like a child's hands -- pink and soft and tiny. He adjusted his tie with those tiny hands then cleared his phlegm. "The process is completely safe, Mr. Drillard, let me assure you. Modern hibernation techniques ensure a senseless journey and an easy transition back to consciousness upon arrival at your destination. Failing a major breakthrough in propulsion, hibernation really is the only viable option for making an interplanetary trip of this magnitude." "Has it ever gone wrong?" asked Drillard, pushing aside his mother's hand. "Have you ever lost anyone?" The fat man bit his own plump lip. "I must be frank with you, Mr. Drillard: just under one tenth of one percent of hibernators may experience a challenging wake." Drillard cocked his head as he stroked his ex-wife's hip. "What's that mean?" "There have been cases -- rare cases, isolated cases -- in which a very small number of hibernators have descended into a steady-state of extreme sleep reluctant to re-admit reality when the time comes. It may be a defense mechanism against neurological injury, real or perceived, not entirely unlike a coma. I must emphasize again, however, that such cases are exceedingly few and far between." "But what happens to them?" "We have several interventions at our disposal to aid the recovery." "Like what?" The fat man suddenly seized Drillard by the face and pulled him bodily across the bed, then shouted, "Wake up!" with spittle-flecked vehemence. VIII. Drillard awoke. He sat up and puked. White robots were at his side in an instant, the pads of their fingers soft and warm. "Please lie down," said one in a melodiously sexless contralto as it wiped strings of yellow bile from his lips. "Please do not resist," said the other, pushing him back into the pillows. "Focus on slowing your breathing, Passenger Drillard. In...and out. In...and out." Drillard turned his head. He saw an intravenous drip attached to his arm. Beyond that his eyes could not focus well -- blearily he could discern row after row of hibernation capsules. Those closest to him were splayed open like spring flowers; those further away were in the process of slowly opening. Hundreds of white robots tended to the dazed cargo, their calming voices blending into a comforting drone. A human physician stepped up beside him and checked the readouts. The badge on her white coat identified her as Dr. Sen. She took a little flashlight out of her pocket and pointed it into each of his eyes in turn. "How are you feeling, Mr. Drillard?" she asked, clicking the flashlight off with her thumb. Drillard blinked. "Dreams," he said, voice husky. And then, "How...long?" Dr. Sen nodded. "Perfectly normal. You've been in hibernation for nearly seventeen years." He managed to just barely shake his head, the pillow rustling in his ears. "No -- how long...have I been waking up?" She glanced up at his capsule's readout again, then shot a cuff and checked her watch. "Um, we started the wake routine about, let's see, an hour ago." "An hour? But I was back on Ishtar -- there were days... weeks. I kept trying to wake up. All of it...only one hour?" She offered him a tight, professional smile and patted him on the shoulder. "Give yourself a few minutes before you stand up, Mr. Drillard. You're doing great." Later he loitered in the lounge, his bum peeking out the back of his hibernation gown as he sipped orange juice from a plastic cup while staring past his own reflection out the floor-to-ceiling windows. The wheel of the galaxy cut the view. Off to one side Centauri Secundae blazed, and directly ahead was a pale blue crescent standing bright against the bed of stars and smoke. Another planet. A new world. His future home. He cried. He didn't feel embarrassed -- a fair number of the stunned and largely silent collection of fellow passengers in the lounge were sobbing, too. Some of them hugged robots. The robots patted them gently on the back. "There there," they cooed. "there there, passenger." When he had gathered himself somewhat Drillard signalled for service. A robot was at his side in seconds. Drillard cleared his throat. "Coffee." The robot cocked its head. "Sir?" "You heard me," he snapped, turning to look into the thing's insensible glowing eyes. "Coffee, strong, black." "Caffeine is contraindicated, passenger. Rest is recommended." "Rest? You've got to be kidding me," chuckled Drillard. He turned back to face space. "I'm never going to sleep again." Browse the complete story library at Cheeseburger Brown.com ! Greener Grass is a free short story posted by me, your semi-androgynous goblin-king host, Cheeseburger Brown . Um. We'll return to Zero G Lindy Hop by and by. Alternative Formats: Kindle | iPad Connected Stories: Robots Bury the Dead , Stubborn Town And now, the complete tale: I. Cancer calmed Cabot. His physician frowned. "Would you like me to put you in touch with a counsellor?" Cabot scoffed. "Hell no," he said; "haven't felt so relieved in years." The doctor raised his brow so Cabot explained: "Living while your body falls apart under you leaves a man never knowing which way is up. Dying, on the other hand -- dying I can understand. It may be bad news but it least it's got a direction." He took inventory. He did the paperwork. He had appointments at the banker's and the lawyer's, and he kept them both, making sure each of his no good grandchildren would get a little something to fritter away. His kids flew out to visit, cried, made nuisances of themselves, finally went back home to their so goddamn important jobs -- jobs doing things they never seemed very capable of explaining to Cabot. Computer this or Internet that, banking for lawyers or a lawyer to bankers, busy and brusque and tired. "They gave me six months," he said to his barber at the seven month mark. By eight months he started getting restless. He sat on his porch, turning a cold pipe over in his weathered hands. The Appalachians were blue in the south. A hundred kinds of bug and bird were chittering. The air smelled like laurel and mud. The underbellies of the clouds were pink, remembering the recent dawn. "Shit," said Cabot, because the moment was so beautiful he wished it could be his to die in. Instead, with considerably less poetry, he would probably end up giving it up while watching the hockey game. Or on the john. He grimaced. That'd be no good. There were no choices left for Cabot to make; he had become an observer in his own life, a fan sitting in the bleachers rooting listlessly for some kind of conclusion. His situation was static. He was too Christian to hasten the hand of fate, but not Christian enough, he reckoned, to just sit and wait for it like a statue made of meat. He knocked his pipe, squished in a plug of tobacco, struck a match and closed his eyes. Thinking. His next visitors more likely than not would be Mounties coming to check up on his silence. They'd come out of the house to escape the smell, one foot perched inside t
One of my former students just introduced me to the "Lip Dub" phenomenon, in which various school communities do an entire music video in one long carefully choreographed shot (see my previous post about my desire to assign the students a single shot video). In addition to the challenge of choreographing this correctly, and coming up with neat ways to use the camera, it seems like an excellent way of bringing the whole school community together in a way that celebrates various aspects of school life. This is the video that Kai sent me, it stands out among the Lip Dubs as it was filmed backwards - similar to Spike Jonze's music video Drop for the Pharcyde, but again... all in one shot: Searching for LipDub on YouTube produces quite a few results, with some really neat ideas and interpretations of the project (as well as some lousy ones... hey, it is YouTube). No, how to get the whole school together for a few hours though... now there's an even bigger challenge... Thanks Kai! Thanks Joe! If you're a fan of the still-amazing-25-years-later Rube Goldbergian feat of The Way Things Go , you'll be amazed by This Too Shall pass. In fact, it would be pretty hard not to be impressed by this four minute single-shot music video; its not just the amazing contraption, but the choreography of camera, the machine, and the actors, all moving together in harmony. In addition to all the obvious amazingness about the video, I especially love that the process is the product . To me, this video really celebrates the act of artistic creation. ...and its a catchy tune. Here's the Wired article about the making of the video. Thanks for the link, Ben! One of my very talented former students sent me some great links that are perfect for any IB Film or Media Lit class. Well, the Lars Von Treier one might not be perfect for your classroom. In fact, you might want to make sure its appropriate before sharing it with the students. One project that I've done in the past is to have the students create videos in the style of famous directors. These would be perfect examples. Wes Anderson's Spiderman: I love the way they mimic both Anderson's deadpans and camera pans. Lars Von Triere's Denmark Tourism Ads: Thanks for those, Travis! We've got a new agenda in IB Film today! Finally, I stumbled across this article , that celebrates the art of cinematography with written descriptions of techniques, and visuals pulled from YouTube. Its a really excellent explanation of the art, and a great introduction to film language. If you're working on either the Rotoball 2010 or Paint the World with Light projects, our deadline is next Monday, March 1st! If you are a participant, and haven't received an email with instructions for uploading from me, please send me an email or leave a comment here. I've been fortunate to get a sneak preview of some of the projects that some of you have been working on, and let me just say this in advance: wow. In January 2009, I posted my favorite iTouch/iPhone apps for use in the art classroom . Since then, I've found several new apps to be incredibly useful and engaging for the students in a number of different ways. Note: I have deliberately not included any iPhone apps that require use of the camera. Although some of these products look fantastic, I don't have an iPhone, and thus can't rate them. The apps listed below are free, or a few dollars at most. One of the most useful tools I've found is Air Mouse Pro . This allows me to turn my iTouch into a remote control for my computer- complete with a trackpad and mini keyboard. Mostly, I use it for presentations; it frees me to walk around the class during class discussions and demonstrations. However, anything you can do on your computer, you can now do from anywhere in the class. This works much better and is a huge improvement over Remote Pad , which I had recommended last year. The Oblique Strategies is a digital version of Brian Eno's card stack for overcoming creative blocks. Simple and universally applicable phrases help you think of ways to approach your projects in new ways. When I've been discussing ideas with my students, I've occasionally pulled out the Oblique Strategies to help them dig deeper into their ideas. Sometimes it falls flat, but sometimes it provides an eerily helpful perspective. An alternative to this is an app called Methodology which is basically the same thing (and might even be a rip-off of the Oblique Strategies, but the one advantage to it, is that it randomizes the card stack responses. Yet another version of this is the Creative Whack Pack. This has a nice design and explanation of the suggestions it makes, but overall hasn't generated as interesting responses for my classes as the Oblique Strategies has. The suggestions are more general ways to think creatively. Do you have any projects that include storytelling? The Idea Generator (mentioned here before) also has an itouch app, great for coming up with writing prompts. This has worked very well with my film and video classes. There is also a Movie Idea Generator , but I've found the suggestions here too convoluted to be developed into workable ideas. Although Brushes is David Hockney's painting app of choice, I've found that Autodesk's Sketchbook to be a much more intuitive program and easier to manipulate. Similarly, Layers has an interface like Brushes , but has a great visualization for looking at layers as stacked glass slides. This is a fantastic way of helping students understand how layers work in programs like Photoshop, Flash, or Final Cut. If you can't get enough of painting programs, Asian Painting is also a neat app. The interface is made to resemble an ancient calligraphy desk, and the brushes all fade appropriately. If you are participating in our Paint the World with Light project, then Light Painting is a must have app. This app allows you to flash different colors at different speeds, or simply create a constant colored light brush. Also for photographers, DOFMaster allows you to quickly check your depth of field range for an SLR or DSLR camera. For film students, Grat's Slate is a great application that turns your iTouch into a movie clap board. Even though syncing sound and image might not be critical for us (since we mostly record both onto the same digital media now), this is a great way to organize your shots and easily identify your takes in post production. Plus, it makes your students film shoots seem more professional. Although there are too many Museum Apps to mention now, its worth downloading these, especially if you're planning a visit. For example, the Brooklyn Museum's app allows you to find basic information about its collection. Who knows what goodies can be found in the apps for the museums in your neighborhood? Finally, I feel compelled to not recommend Photoshop Mobile, because of my extreme disappointment. This application bears nothing that resembles Photoshop except in name. As a film teacher (or probably more relevantly, a film geek), I watch just about as many films as I can. I often mean to include suggestions of films to watch in class here (including a constantly changing list of films about artists that every art class should have). Long story short- I was reading an interview with Danny Boyle when he came here to host the Shanghai International Film Festival last year. In response to a question about his favorite Chinese film, he mentioned Devils on the Doorstep as one of the best films to come out of China. I'd never heard of it, but as the serendipity gods are always looking out for me, I happened to spot it at one of my favorite DVD stores just a day or two after I'd read the interview. Then it sat on my shelf for a few months. I just got around to watching it recently, and I have to say that its one of the best films I've ever seen. Its also one of the most surprising films I've ever seen. The movie that you end with is so far from the movie that you started with, that its an incredible feat of creativity and vision that the director is able to pull of such a transition. The hard thing about recommending a film like this is that I can't say too much about it- what you will appreciate most about this film is the unexpected directions that it takes. That being said, understand that it is not for the faint hearted; taking place during the Japanese occupation of China, this film does quite graphically depict some of the horrors of war. That being said, it is a fascinating film from a cinematic perspective, as well as a historical and contemporary socio-cultural perspective. Director Jiang Wen has been banned from making any more movies in China. Although he is married to a French woman and can work outside of China, he refuses. His stories, he says, take place in China, and that's where they are meant to be filmed and shown. A Rant The other day, I was catching up on some of my news podcasts which are always a day or two late for me (hey, how'd that election in Massachusetts turn out)? One of my favorite podcasts is NPR's On Point with Tom Ashbrook , but my one big beef with his show is that in the interest of being 'fair and balanced' (now there's a loaded phrase), he often lets some pretty nutty folks say some pretty nutty things without too much challenge. I often wonder if they do this simply to prove that they don't have a liberal bias-. The show I was listening to recently was one of those shows. In an episode titled "Where the Web Went Wrong", author Jaron Lanier was on the show promoting his book " You Art Not A Gadget --", the central thesis of this is that participatory communities online create a 'hive mind' in which we are sacrificing our creative energies in the service of companies to which we owe nothing. In this discussion, he lambasts 'Web 2.0 proponents' as religious cultists who contribute their time and energy, not for their own personal gain, but in the interest of creating a god-like singularity of utopian participation. To me, this argument reeks of the conservative fear of the commons. I like to share my thoughts about art education with the greater community for my own personal interest, and all of a sudden I'm handing out flowers at airports and promoting a socialist agenda. Well, I do live in China, after all. I can see how that could be confusing to some. While some of the points that Lanier makes are just plain wrong and some just plain silly (and quite often both), some fall into the realm of the "wha...?" One of his most awkward points is that people feel free to "mash up" the creative efforts of others, but that the ads that regularly appear on the sides of the webpages that these mashups appear are somehow sacrosanct, and 'above' being modified for creative use. This idea is based on two false premises: (1) That ads are not mashed because we hold them with some sort of respect, and (b) there is anything useful in these ads to 'mash'. Sidebar ads aren't seen as 'holy', they aren't even seen as 'useful' for a creative endeavor. At most, I'd say they were seen as a minor inconvenience or annoyance. In fact, I'd argue that they aren't even seen at all . I don't have ads on this site and if you think back to the last site you were on, what were the ads for? Do you remember? I don't either. Further, it shows a fundimental misunderstanding about the purpose of a mashup, which is to celebrate or satirize the derivative work in a way that creates something that we haven't seen before. With a nod to the serendipity gods, I happened to find this wonderful Mashup of the movie UP over on the always fascinating Learning IT on the same day that I listened to this podcast. I could just listen to that song all day. If there is any doubt in your mind that mash-ups are somehow by definition 'less creative' than their derivative works, this video should dispel that notion. It also should dispel the notion that the creation of projects like this one are in service to some corporate monolith that feeds off of our creative juices. Pogo , the 21 year old creator of this mash up is now being wooed by corporations to make Mashup videos for them... the one above was commissioned by Pixar itself. That is not to say that the commissioning of a work validates it above other creative works. Lanier is right in one way- that we should be compensated for our creative efforts and hard work. However, he is mistaken in thinking that everything that we do needs financial compensation. If before the internet, the quiet creative endeavors that we pursued resulted in only our own satisfaction, that was compensation enough. Now that everyone has the ability and opportunity to share the processes and products of our creative expression doesn't mean we all need to get a paycheck for everything we do. "Web 2.0" (or whatever you want to call it) isn't where the web went wrong , its where the web went right . Before the concept of participatory media overtook online activity, the internet's main purpose was another in a long line of the one-to-many forms of media (h/t to Howard Rheingold) following radio, TV, and movies. Before web 2.0 tools put content creation in the hands of the masses, what was the internet? A place to buy all kinds of stuff and occasionally get entertained. So basically, it was the mall... Without all the walking. And that was just what we all needed, wasn't it? More shopping, less exercise. -Good luck with that, Tom. --Yeah, no. I'm not going to promote it here. You can find it with the google. 
This morning, I had two interesting thoughts. The first pertains to a remark I heard by a coworker 13 years ago. “If heaven is real,” she said, “I don’t want to go there. It would be boring.” This morning, I had a thought that, given that God is omnipotent, the possibilities for heaven are limitless. Specifically, one could conceive that each room in the kingdom of heaven might be its own universe , with its own space, its own galaxies, its own planets, its own flora and fauna. Maybe not exactly like that, but that’s one possibility that shows what an amazing and interesting place it will be. No, Sarah, heaven will not be boring. The second thought was about the idea of multiple universes that is currently fashionable. If there are other universes, can one universe visit the inhabitants of another universe? Probably not, which is sad. But , perhaps we will see each other in the kingdom of heaven? That is another reason why heaven will not be boring. Today I take up as my life's mission the following phrase from The Imitation of Christ, Book II, Chapter 1: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To prepare a worthy dwelling for Christ in my heart. This philosophy is applicable to any state in life. We take whatever comes our way, and use it to prepare our hearts as a dwelling for Christ. If there is trouble in the family, or at work, or in friendship, we treat it as a sharing in the suffering of Christ. When we see others better off than us, we do not envy them, having forsaken the riches of the world, to prepare our hearts for Christ. If we are ill and confined to a bed for the remainder of our years, we use the time profitably in prayer, to prepare our hearts to receive Christ. In this way we attain peace in times of prosperity and in times of affliction. Pope Benedict XVI: "Dear brothers and sisters, I urge you to find in this Lenten Season prolonged moments of silence, possibly in retreat, in order to review your own lives in the light of the loving plan of the heavenly Father." Angelus: Second Sunday of Lent, 8 March (1st Sunday of Lent, St. Andrew's Cathedral, Victoria BC) Rainbow as announcement of God's mercy: Even if man falls into sin, God will not destroy the earth. Christ fulfills this covenant. Harrowing of Hell: purgatory. Another sign of mercy. Baptism more than ritual: a sacrament of mercy, through which we are saved. Also a gift of holiness, as it unites us to God. Also, a task to live in a way befitting this gift. Temptation is especially strong in times of holiness, such as the Lenten season. We must persevere. Realize the love and forgiveness of Christ. Spread the joy of Christ. Went to Confession today, and Father Benoit ended with, &quot;God bless you, and be happy.&quot; Will do! If anyone is using Instiki 0.10.2 and wants the Export Markup (Textile) link to work, make the following changes to the source code: /app/controllers/application.rb Insert "options[:stream] = false" at line 66: options[:type] ||= (FILE_TYPES[File.extname(file)] || 'application/octet-stream') options[:stream] = false super(file, options) /app/controllers/wiki_controller.rb Insert "require 'zip/zip'" at line 4: require 'parsedate' require 'zip/zip' class WikiController How does one live well? Or what makes a day well lived? Is it to eat well, drink well, and be glad? To pray in a silent room? To build sandcastles beneath blue skies? To create? How does one live well if one were shut up in a cell with no food? No materials, no books, no light Just hunger, and thoughts, and pain, philosophy, religion, contemplation, emotion, meditation, and confusion? What makes a day well lived? Or is it better to consider a week? Or a month, or a year, or a lifetime? Is it better not to consider it at all, but to live haphazardly, from one inclination to the next, going by feel, gut, recollection, remonstrance, rebuke, appetite? On what can we ground our living? On what motto, creed, or ideal? Shall poetry lead us, or some ancient script, a philosopher from Greece or Rome, a symphony, a painting, an epitaph? Shall we lose ourselves in language or in study, in literature, physics, studying the cosmos? Will we find our salvation in the order and reason of mathematics? How does one live well? Or what makes a day well lived? Is it to eat well, drink well, and be glad? To pray in a silent room? To build sandcastles beneath blue skies? To create? 
 OFFICIAL RESULTS 1 Dayron ROBLES CUB 7.34 CR 2 Terrence TRAMMELL USA 7.36 NR 3 David OLIVER USA 7.44 PB 4 Evgeniy BORISOV RUS 7.51 SB 5 Petr SVOBODA CZE 7.58 6 Maurice WIGNALL JAM 7.60 SB 7 Xiang LIU CHN 7.65 SB 8 Dániel KISS HUN 7.81 I went out in the final of the World Indoor Championships and ran 60 meters worth of hurdles faster than I had ever run before! I stopped the clock at 7.44, good enough for the bronze medal, behind a new championship record from Dayron Robles who ran 7.34 for gold and Terrence Trammel, who finished in silver with an American record of 7.36. To backtrack, I did not run very well in my semi final heat, finishing second in 7.61. I made a few mistakes, especially at the start. I wasn't too upset or anything because the bottom line is you have to survive and advance through the rounds. By finishing second, I grabbed an automatic spot to the final. After going back to the warm up area, Brooks and I had the chance to work out a few things that went wrong with my trigger hand out of the blocks. It was sweeping back aggressively, but I wouldn't bring it back through, so that was the point of emphasis in the 45 minutes I had before the final. Having your coach or at least another set of well trained eyes is so priceless at major competitions like this. So due to my lackluster semi final performance, I drew lane eight. Going in to the final I was so relaxed. My focus was to try to beat Liu to the first hurdle and just run like hell for the final four because I would be out there racing by myself. I feel like I had a good start and I ended up running a clean race. I can't wait to re watch the race. One thing that I knew I had on my side was the fact that my second race is ALWAYS better than my first of the day. I knew only a few others in the race have displayed that ability in the past and the comparison of our times from the semi final to the final display just that. Robles dropped .22 (7.56-7.34), Terrence .15 (7.51-7.36) and myself .17 (7.61-7.44). Everyone else in the field so minor improvement. Winning this medal was so sweet! Coming off the devastating injury last year, not doing block starts or heavy hurdling until two weeks before my race in Glasgow to coming out and winning an indoor medal and running a personal best. I couldn't have asked for more. We have a saying that all indoors can do is show you where outdoors is at, and I'm feeling majorly confident that this will be a GREAT outdoor season! People who know the event of hurdling, know that what I do indoor definitely reflects well on what I am capable of doing outdoor because I am a last five hurdle guy, not a starter. I'm so ready to get outdoor season poppin'!! First round action from all five preliminary heats The first round went as me and Brooks planned. The objective for this round was to attack the first two hurdles and then just take it easy after that. My start was much better than it has been lately and I led from start to finish and stopped the clock at 7.60, equal fastest time of all runners today, Terrance Trammel also ran 7.60 in his heat. I felt very good, the warm up was great and I felt so much more relaxed and loose here as opposed to when I ran in New Mexico, I think I was kind of tight for that competition. Ron Forbes was in my heat, he lived and trained with me for the '08-'09 season before moving back to Miami, it's good seeing him still competing, he also made it to the next round. People seem to be counting me out in this competition, as they seem to believe it is just a three man race between Trammel, Robles and Liu Xiang, rightfully so, but I guess that's why we run the races and I hope to have a say in it before it all is said and done. I know I am a much better outdoor hurdler than an indoor one, but as long as we aren't doing starts to the first hurdle to decide the medals, I feel I have as good a chance as anyone to claim one of them! I am off until the semi-finals on Sunday afternoon, the finals will be two hours after the semis. I am in the third and final heat. Until then, I will keep my eyes on the prize!!! My training partner Novlene Williams-Mills made it to the final of the 400 which will be tomorrow afternoon. The schedule called for them to run prelims and semi-finals today! She ran 51.7 and has the second fastest time going to the finals, she'll definitely do well tomorrow! As I type this post, it is a little after 10pm local time, an eight hour time difference from the cozy confines of the first house on Emerald Green Ct. My body is almost in shut down mode. The internet is pretty spotty in our apartments, but nonetheless, I got some action! The downside is that I don't know how much of my Slingbox I will be able to watch while out here, so I am going to be WAY out of the loop. Constant Blackberry messages to Aub will keep me slightly up to date. I left home Sunday at 4:30 and arrived here in Doha at 7pm Monday evening. Most of the U.S. team arrived here last Thursday, I felt that ten days ahead of the final was far too much time to be in this environment personally. I would have been here stir crazy, plus I know my personal countdown, seeing that this is the fourth year I have made the trip out here to Doha to compete in some capacity. Usually I would get here on Monday night and have to race Wednesday night. With that in mind, I have produced times of 13.14, 13.09 and 12.95 outdoors with that schedule. Granted this is a championship, but I try to treat every meet just like it's a regular competition, no need in trying to reinvent the wheel right? I travel well so I'll be fine. The athletes village they have here is the best village I've been in out of all the team I made. We are in apartments, high jumper Jesse Williams is my roommate here, feels funny because this is the first team I've been on without my boy Kenta Bell. The facilities are great here, real state of the art. The amazing thing is that gas cost 33 cents a gallon! I really need to fill up a couple of barrels and bring them back with me to the States!! My first round goes off on Friday afternoon, I'm feeling great and ready to compete. I will have a pre race update before we go off. Things out in Albuquerque went as planned. I finished second in my hurdle race behind Terrence Trammell who ran a world leading time of 7.41. That finish qualified me for the World Indoor Championships in Doha, my fourth World Championship/Olympic team qualification. I still get amazed at the accomplishments I have made in my track and field career. I would have never believed all this would come about when I was in college, with no aspirations of doing anything track related as a career. I guess I had a string of second place finishes throughout the weekend. Second fastest prelim time, second fastest semi-final time and a second place finish. I would have loved to get the win, but at the end of the day, whether you finish first or second, the wheels of the plane will touch down at Doha International Airport at the same time. In the finals, I feel like I ran probably the best set of hurdles I've run indoors ever. I was still coming up to set when the gun went off which caught me off guard a bit and caused my start to be even worse than it usually is. I did a good job keeping my composure and made up a lot of ground and did what I had to do to make that team! I was very impressed with my lead leg action. I did not run my best race but I still had my fifth best performance indoors time wise. I was joking with Brooks, saying that my race would have been a hell of an outdoor one! My coach has a philosophy which I have fully bought in to. If you have a great race, you're challenging the world record, if you have a good race, you win, if you have a bad race, you still make the podium/team and that's what happened this time. Race video I've been out here in Albuquerque, New Mexico for a couple of days now. I've done a few press conferences and interviews since I've been out here. I didn't have the opportunity to go and talk to the local kids with the Win With Integrity Program unfortunately. That's something I look forward to doing when I come to the meets in the States, but I'll have another opportunity soon. My mom and Harold made the six hour drive down from Denver and my boys Kelvin and Murph flew down too. I'm excited to be back at a National Championship event, I miss both the indoor and outdoor championships in 2009. I love the competition that USA Nationals brings out of every competitor. I have one race this afternoon, and two on Sunday. This event is our qualification for the World Indoor Championships in Doha, Qatar that will be hosted March 12-14. The top two in each event make the team. Me and Valeria will open up at 3:30 mountain time, in heat one of three. We'll be starting in lane five. I've found myself a breast cancer wristband with the word strength on it, couldn't have found a better word. I'll be racing in it. This is a video that was played in the area on the news from the press conference. I will update the blog after the first round, hopefully everything goes as to plan! As one of many athletes that is accessible through many social websites such as twitter, Facebook and my blog, I am never sure what type of messages I may receive. Most are of the congratulatory type or words of encouragement, you get a few that are negative and some that are indecent and lewd to say the least. While checking my messages on Facebook, I came across a message titled "When You Run". I open it up, not really knowing what it may be about, then I read: Dear David, thank you for been an inspiration for many young and old people like me :) I never met you, and likely never will, but I have a favor to ask you. My life, as i know it, has changed since last month. I was diagnosed with breast cancer, and now as a sequel of my surgery I will not be able to be as active as I used to be. I miss the outdoor, the hiking, the cycling...but such is life. One day, when you run will you think of me? so that for that one day I will be running too :) Thank you Valeria When I finished reading these few sentences, I felt a wave of different emotions. I felt sorry because Valeria is going through a life changing event. I felt proud because she viewed me as being an inspiration, that in turn changed my feeling of being sorry for her, in to that of being in awe of her strength. I felt surprised that she would think of me out of all of the people to ask to fulfill her very simple request. Most of all, I felt an elevated sense of responsibility. That feeling came from me sitting back and realizing that we as public figures (i.e. athletes, entertainers etc) no matter how minor or how major have an responsibility, whether we like it or not, to the masses. When I go out and run a race, which is very minor in the grand scheme of life, the way that I present myself and act on and off the track, somebody is watching me. I may not be a big time NFL or NBA star or even a Usain Bolt in my sport, but I realize that I have a lot of fans and am viewed as sort of an inspiration to them in one way or another and I do not want to jeopardize that. I responded back to Valeria with this: Thank you for viewing me as an inspiration to people. I try to carry and handle myself in that position as well. I have no problem with running for you! I am competing at the USA Indoor Championships in New Mexico and I will definitely run for you there!! Keep in contact with me and I hope things turn around for you so that you will be able to get back to the active lifestyle you enjoyed! So, I will be doing just that! My races that I am blessed to run out in Albuquerque, New Mexico will be run for Ms. Valeria Pagnon and I will find a pink breast cancer wrist band to wear in her honor! I appreciate her for making me aware of the unique situation that I am in as well. 
Despite his injuries, Albin outlived all his brothers and was one of the last surviviors of the regiment. He died in Orwigsburg at the age of 88 on July 30, 1930, coincidentally enough, the 66th Anniversary of the Explosion of the Petersburg Mine and the Battle of the Crater.Several days after his July 1864 wounding at Petersburg, and from a hospital bed in the rear of the lines, Albin penned a letter to his brother Henry in Orwigsburg. It is a rather interesting account of his wound and the fact that he mentions the digging of the Mine makes this a rather unique letter.Camp Battel of pettersBurg, virginiaJuly 10 1864Dear BrotherI now sit Down to write A Few lines to let you know that I am well At present and hope to find you the same. I am in the hospital Back in the rear. I have got A sore arm and the Doctors Dont what it is[.] my arm was swollen as big as my leg and the Doctors wanted to take my arm off and I would not let him for I said to him I would rather Die than lose my arm but my arm is getting better fast. I Cand use it a littel but the pain is Drawing in my right shoulder but I think it will be all wright in A few Weeks. Dear Brother I have not received a letter from you in two months and I wrote three and to day the Chaplain Came around and gave me A sheet of paper and A envelope and so I thought I would write another letter to you and if I would no
 Question of the week/fill in the blanks: on a stage, you should ___. On a stage you should not ___. What makes a good stagiere? amigadehelado @ linecook a stage should pay attention, ask questions, taste things. Get out of the way when neccessary. Don't set stage hours by a "clock" Tanukipdx @ linecook once had a stage grab my favorite yanagiba ($$$$Japanese slicer) and cut themselves a piece of bread w/it. end of stage. Tanukipdx @ linecook a good stage silently&amp;invisibly gets stuff done...like a little mise en place fairy. a bad stage snacks on people's mise Benjamin_Parks @ linecook On a stage you quietly take notes You should not start telling your glory stories of all the other restaurants you have worked in. tournant @ linecook -should//STFU, do what we tell yo, stay out of the way...should not//show off your skull n knives tattoo, hit on servers adoxograph @ linecook on a stage you should absorb and remember the best and worst of what you see, esp little details adoxograph @ linecook on a stage you should not ever say to yourself well, I'm not getting paid so I don't have to (clean, be on time, fill the blank) PrixFixeOnline @ linecook You should work your arse off, you should not stand around after finishing a task. Always ask chef for next task, speed is a must. jrnavlag @ linecook U should work and learn. U should not let the pay or lack of it be your drive.   Do your research.  Then shut up about it. ingridc @ linecook You should shut up, be nice, listen and follow directions. You should not touch a cook's mise unless asked. Or get mouthy, ever. ingridc @ linecook p.s.-last wk's stage told chef he wants to trail our killer pasta man Javi.. so he could show him how to make it right #dieinafire randomplacement @ linecook a good stage contributes to the team and fits in with the team randomplacement @ linecook work and learn, run your mouth Gchef703 @ linecook What makes a good stagiere? Hard-Working, Humble, Passionate person who Loves food and is willing to do anything to learn! Gchef703 @ linecook you should not Be a Pre Madonna!!! Should not be late, ask for days off, breaks or a special jacket to show off to your friends Gchef703 @ linecook you should Be a Sponge Listen! Learn! and ask a million questions even if they are stupid questions. ask em! You're about to explode.  There's too far too much blood and oxygen coursing through your veins, and your eyes your pupils are so dialated that they would catch the attention of any police officer you came across.  You just finished your stage, and it went so beautifully that you're too wound up to eat, or drink, or even talk about it.  This is one of those perfectly fleeting moments, so you just sit there on the bus, missing your stop, so you can soak it all up.  You start Tuesday as the new fish cook.  Unless: You blew it.  It seemed like your stage was going ok, but right around the end of the first turn the sous told you that you could take off.  You considered protesting, but instead you decided to change, have a smoke and get a bite to eat.  Sitting down at the bar, you order your food and a drink, and sometime later the chef tells you that you're welcome back anytime...but no job is discussed.  And you dont ask about one.  Your stage is over, and you wasted it.  So how did this happen? Prep: You went into the restaurant between lunch and dinner service dressed appropriately, resume and knives in hand.  For a week you've been reading the menu on-line, and bringing yourself up to speed on the background of the chef and the restaurant itself.  After your chat with the chef, you let him know that you're ready to stage that evening if he would like.  He tells you to come back Friday instead.  On Friday you show up early, smiling and introducing yourself to any staff that you come across.  You take your knives and a spoon out of your kit that you slimmed down a bit, and settle in with any prep work that they'll give you--herb picking, cutting bread, citrus supremes.  You work quietly and cleanly, with eyes and ears open so you dont miss a thing.  Unless: You drop into the restaurant as you walk by, and approach the chef who is expediting a fairly busy lunch service.  He doesn't have time to talk to you right now, but tells you to come back that evening at 4 for a stage.  You tell him that you have tickets to a show, but could you come in tomorrow?  He asks for a resume.  You dont have it with you.  When you do show up for your stage, the chef asks you why you want to work in his restaurant; what is it about this place, this food, that turns you on?  You stumble through some bullshit answers.  He smirks at you.  Unpacking your kit you pull out 6 knives, a spatula, tongs, and a handful of spoons.  The sous steps in next to you. "Um.  What's all that shit for?" Working through your prep, you dont shut up--about your last job, your opinions on how things should be done, and who you think should win top chef.  No one really responds to you, but you go on anyways.  Service: The chef had told you that he needed a fish cook, so this is the station that you stick with through prep, line-up, and into service.  During line up you politely ask if you can taste mise, and as you taste dishes you take notes, and try to memorize the station set-up.  Just before service you sweep the station and wipe down everything for the cook.  You ask the chef if he wants you anywhere else during service, but he says no.  During service you pull plates, and garnish, but generally try to stay out of the way and observe.  Eventually the pace starts to build a bit, and the cook catches your eye. "Alright.  We're going on 7 fish and 6 scallops.  We'll go together, ok?  You take the scallop dish." An hour later you're cooking all of the proteins on your own, with the fish cook plating and garnishing for you.  When the sous asks how it's all going for you, you tell him you love it, and want to close the station that night.  There will be no end of shift meal or drink for you.  Just a cold family meal, a watery iced tea, and a nod of approval from the brigade.  Unless: You bounce around the kitchen getting all up in everyones shit, but not really absorbing anything.  You taste without asking, and more than once you criticize the food.  During one of your rants about how you used to do it at your last job, the grill cook catches looks at you and growls "Well that's so fucking interesting."  Most of your evening is spent leaning against the ice machine, and when you do step in, you're so fucking slow wiping plates and garnishing that the sous knocks the chervil out of your hand and shouts "JUST FUCKING SEND IT!"  You cook zero orders, and when you sit down to eat at the bar, you order an expensive cocktail, and dont tip.  You.  Fucking.  Blew.  It. There is nothing like a stage in any other field of work.  Sure, athletes have tryouts, and actors have auditions.  A stage is both.  It lasts many hours, is physically and mentally draining, and everyone is already expecting you to fail before you even begin.  It's the culinary equivalent of  getting jumped into a gang.  You get one chance to get it right, and being thrust into an unfamiliar, borderline hostile environment guarantees that if you don't fail outright, you are at very least probably going to make a stupid mistake. And at the end of your stage, it's all of this pressure that makes succeeding all the more sweet.  To have cooked well, and won over the cooks that let you into their home is a special thing.  It's a re-affirming rite of passage, and a fleeting feeling you only get to enjoy every once in a while.  Don't let your stage just pass on by. notes . that's not bechamel. holy shit!  I updated finally! podcasts are coming back.  no really.  they are. get some rest. burrito stepping into an open grease trap means youll probably need new shoes. that's pasta water.  not a deep fryer. fish &amp; farm seems like its becoming the new industry night off spot Quotes and Conversations. Me, to Gerardo :  Hey dude.  Tell your partner if he mouths off to me again, im gonna tie him up. Eddie :  Shhiiiiiiieeeeeett.  You wish!  You wish you could enter the dungeon! (I pinch Eddie's nipple.) Eddie :  Hey dude!  Not the nipples! Me :  Oh, im gonna get the nipples. Eddie :  ( pause )  I'm...ticklish. Me :  You can call him a pussy if you want to. Eddie :  I don't want to call him a pussy.  That would be the pot calling the kettle black. Me :  Eddie.  Want me to give you a hand massage? Eddie :  No. Me :  With my balls? Eddie :  That's not a massage. Goose :  Those new light fixtures are bad.  The block looks good now. Me :  Yeah dude, they're nice. Eddie :  And they reduce light pollution. Me :  Fuck off Ed Begley Jr. Goose :  Get the fuck outta here with that shit. Eddie :  Did you know I can ruin any conversation? "I'm a human snuggie.  You wrap me around you and watch t.v.  I come in different colors.  But mostly white." - Corey .  Human snuggie. Gerardo :  Can I borrow your skimmer thingy? Merrell :  It's called a spider. Gerardo :  I know a guy named spider. Me :  Elton John has hairless balls?  What? Goose and Dega :  I have hairless balls! Me :  I hate you guys. Me :  Would you bone down with a guy that wears a lot of gold jewelry? Dega :  How much gold jewelry? Me :  A lot. Dega :  Hell yeah.  Mr. T? Me :  You'd bone down with Mr. T? Me:   Wouldn't that be cool?  If you had a hinge on your balls?  You could move them like this. Goose :  Yeah.  But then you'd have to grease them.  You wouldn't want squeaky balls. Merrell :  My stomach is getting flat.  See? ( Gerardo is watching the conversation. ) Merrell :  This doesn't concern you Gerardo. Gerardo :  I was watching you touch yourself. "I evaluate every stripper on a case by case basis." - Eddie . Eddie :  You missed out.  I brought candy yesterday. Corey :  What are you?  A pervert?  Halloween's over bro. Eddie :  I think old people are cute.  I saw some old people going into Good Vibrations... Corey :  Stop.  Stop.  Sentences should not include old people and Good Vibrations. (Jamie is feeling my abs.) Jamie :  You should feel his abs.  It's impressive.  Merrell :  I'd rather feel yours.  (Jamie walks away) Merrell :  Was that weird? ( Merrell walks into the corner of the stove. ) Me :  Did you just jab your pussy with the oven? Merrell :  Yes.  Even though I don't have balls, it still hurts. Me :  Graceful.  You're a real pageant queen. Merrell :  I'm a fuckin lady. from top:  sautee, line up, al, a gift from ryan farr, mer-mer's balls, where am i vol. 6, fuck you in your ear, super bowl, you figure it out Would you rather work with someone that was fast but a completely out of control, or a person that was slower but composed and in control? CookhouseSF @ linecook As one of the latter I'd like to work with the former KellyNg1 @ linecook i would take slower over sloppy anyday. seems easier to speed up a nice slow snail than to tame a rabid slob. KyleCWilkinson @ linecook Fast and out of control. Would balance my slower and more composed workstyle. theNeilD @ linecook What about fast and composed with poise; that's true talent. Those are the people that make you better. aphexplotz @ linecook Slow and composed. I've worked with both, and I'd rather be down one than have someone I can't predict or control. rupski23 @ linecook composed and in control. no question about it. the kitchen is crazy enough that if your leader is spazzing then its gonna be bad.. FattedCalf @ linecook Composed. Definitely composed. In my experience, people who go too fast and don't think can really put a banana in the tailpipe. tournant @ linecook slow/in control, for sure. fast/out of control=messy, doesn't listen, takes shortcuts GuyArnone @ linecook fast&amp;out of control = slow for the extra time spent fixing Speedy's mistakes. gardenstatechef @ linecook what's the end product? give me speed and insanity if the plates are perfect. jesachrist @ linecook slower and controlled. Working too fast creates more problems than it solves, and in the long run slows down everyone most_impressive @ linecook Slower, but in control. Speed can be taught, but accuracy and commitment to perfection is more valuable, IMO. TheNPA @ linecook All headway gained by being fast is lost in the ER while the Doc stitches Speedy Gonzales back up. MatthewSievert @ linecook in it to win it baby. Planning will allow for swift execution. cookerguy @ linecook Slower and composed, just not too slow. Fast and out of control disrupts others as well. ingridc @ linecook If I had to choose I'd go door #2. Out of control cook drags the whole ship down w/ them. Slow affects the line too, but less so. ingridc @ linecook (and for the record I've been both quite enough, thanks!) Benjamin_Parks @ linecook Slower but in control. Chaos always creates more work (cleaning, fixing, etc), so quick chaos just produces more work faster. cnewton9 @ linecook neither, I always try to teach the kids that efficiency=speed vs accuracy, fast but sloppy no good, slow but perfect also no bueno Gchef703 @ linecook Slow,Composed and in control FTW! They can always gain speed later. But sometimes speed is what you need! good question. stresscake @ linecook absolutely slow composed and in control. Frenzy causes stressful miserable work environment. Calmness is more productive over LT Jerry: It's looking like a slow Tuesday night, and the cooks are coasting through their prep period, all laughs and smiles. There's a lightness in the air, and there are plans being made for days off. A special family meal is on the stove, and reggae plays on the dining room sound system. Everyone is a quiet shadow of their usual kitchen self. Except for Jerry. Jerry has his headphones in, playing Pantera so loudly that the cooks across the kitchen can hear it. He bounces around nervously, and just before service he jumps around and rolls his head like a boxer getting ready for a fight. The kitchen will do 135 covers tonight. Jerry will treat it like he just defeated the Roman army. Denise: The first thing Denise does when she comes in is crack a joke and say hello to everyone in the kitchen. She'll breeze through prep with a smile on her face. Then when things get busy on the second turn, she will completely lose her shit. There will be muttering under her breath, mise slammed around, and a constantly shaking head--like each order on her station is a personal insult to her mother. Denise will stop calling back tickets completely, until things escalate with her sous chef to the point of yelling and him kicking her off the station. Nights like this will happen at least once a week. Mark: Mark is the first cook to show up for work, every day. He sets up his station meticulously. There will not be a single detail missed, and he will be almost invisible while he works. There is a quiet dignity to him during this time. Then when service starts he start acting like someone has taped a live grenade to his back. There will be dips and dives and spins and some of the most violent movement you have ever seen. The other cooks will be watching him out of the corners of their eyes. At best, he will end up exhausting the entire kitchen. Jen: Jen is like a warm blanket; when she is next to you on the line, you feel comforted...happy. She helps quietly, cooks with dignity, and maintains a level of composure far beyond her years of experience on the line. She never raises her voice, or flails, or loses her temper. Her movements are so fluid they appear slow--yet she's always setting the pace for the other cooks. Sitting with her, eating family meal, you ask her how she does it. "It's just food, right? Why panic? I'm not doing open chest surgery or anything." Composure. It's what separates good cooks from great ones. It's that quality that causes a guest to sit and watch, transfixed by the grace and elegance of a dinner service. It's certainly not the most important quality for a cook to have...but it's something that kitchen lifers immediately recognize and come to respect in their peers. When I started cooking, my only goal was to be fast. Aside from not working clean and generally spinning around in my head, I probably looked like I was having a seizure. Then I started to notice the other cooks around me that were better than me. They were so collected...so expressionless. Did they just not care as much as me? Did they just not take things as seriously? Well, no. They just knew what they were doing. As my sous chef at that time said to me: "You don't want to look like a little bitch." Time passed on, and as I slowly came to find a comfortable place in my own skin, my movements became more relaxed, but my head didnt. I still felt like I was one step away from flipping over my cutting board, throwing my salt at the food runner, and fist and elbowing my way out of the front door. It would take lying to myself to cure it; daily affirmations of "You're on control, you can cook, you're a motherfucking handsome badass." It sounds ridiculous. It was. And it worked. Finding a way to be composed makes the other cooks look differently at you. The crew will respect you, your chef will be quietly impressed by you, and your skills will improve. You'll have more energy. And you'll know what to tell Mark when he starts to lose it. So how do you deal wih it? Where do you find your place of balance? How do you compose yourself when things get crazy? Notes : That G-Shock lasted a hard 10 years on my wrist. I washed it by putting it through the dishwasher. If the girl is more Ghost World than Mean Girls, it's probably a good thing. When someone says they did a "stint" in a kitchen, what the fuck does that mean? In order to truly find balance in life, I think a person really has to explore every single corner of the human experience before coming back to center. Ingrid writes some good stuff. What's harder to live with: Regret or shame? Podcasts. Really fucking up the whole podcast thing this time around. the howbadcanitget blog could be very hilarious. pastry chefs for the culinary fantasy league. taking nominations now. (amy brown, luis villavelazquez, william werner, bill corbett, melissa chou...who else?) quotes and conversations. Goose : Aaah! Eddie : Did I startle you? Goose : Nah, I just didn't know you had that much ass. Eddie : I got a badonkadonk. Where do you think all the hot dogs go? Goose : ( laughs ) Eddie : Put that on your blog. Me : Oh, i'm going to asshole. That's one of the dumbest things you've ever said. Me : If you could bone down with a dolphin, would you do it? Dega : I had a dream that I was swimming with dolphins the other night. You just reminded me. "I don't like thongs. Does that make me gay?" - Dega . Me : If we were on ecstasy, would you suck my toes? Corey : Probably. Goose : I would watch if I were on E. Corey : That would make you gay. Dega : This girl showed me her mission tattoo. You're gonna get mad. It was a burrito, with the foil folded into wings, wearing Ray-Bans and drinking a Tecate. She was so pumped. Me : So did she give you syphilis before or after she showed you the tattoo? Dega : Before. Me : Why do I always have to ask people to say "I love you" back to me? Goose : I love you dude. Me : Man fuck you Goose! "You know what this music sounds like? The music from Sim City." - Eddie . Me : None of my underwear fits anymore. Amy : What, your dick got smaller? Me : Would it be weird if I got stigmata out of my butt? Dega and Amy : That's not stigmata! Corey : It's called two piece Tuesday. It comes out in two pieces. Me : How did you come to pee on her? Dega : She asked me to pee on her. Eddie : We are living in an awesome time. Me : Well it had to be in the shower, right? Eddie : Was it in the shower? Dega : No. Me : Eddie, if I asked you on a date, would you expect me to pay? Eddie : Oh hell yes. Me : Would you give me some action after? Eddie : Yes. I might be a lot of things, but i'm no tease. Me : Man, this restaurant is way busier at Christmas time with that new Bloomingdale's down the street. ( pause ) Mongoose, there's no Bloomingdale's down the street. Goose : What the fuck is a Bloomingdale's? mer mer, through my cup, eating is fun, thats a dumb shirt, can head, tattoo, chef415?, mischief, a lot of data usage. Here I sit, at the end of 2009, and it feels like everything is different.  None of the details have changed;  I still live in San Francisco, and I still cook at Nopa as a sous chef.  I'm still writing this blog.  But when I look in the mirror, or have a quiet moment to myself, things feel different.  2009 was a crazy year for me.  It was a good year for me.  In 2009 this blog seemed to find its place.  Through things that seem as trivial as a twitter account, or a podcast, I met people and made friendships that are deeply important to me.  Through countless emails I was able to connect with cooks from all over the world.  As everything seemed to be expanding and moving towards one big interpersonal disconnect, the opposite ended up happening.  My world got smaller.  Then I turned 30, and came to realize that I needed to take life a little more seriously.  Soul searching, introspection, whatever.  I made some decisions, and decided to stick to them.  Then I woke up one day, and wow.  Things had changed. 2010 is a little scary to think about.  A friend of mine said to me "2010 is the first year I haven't been excited about."  I had never thought about it like that, and im not sure that's my sentiment.  But it does feel like a giant, scary beast that I have to tackle...like im getting into the ring with a faceless terror.  In the following year im going to to be faced with figuring out whether im a better writer or a better cook.  There's a chance that this blog could end in 2010.  There isnt an infinite amount of topics for me to write about here.  Sometimes I feel like im just regurgitating the same old garbage.  Add to that the fact that im going to be a father, and want to open a restaurant this year, and things start to get very cloudy and scary and im suddenly very aware that nothing feels perfect or right, but things just are.  It's an amazing thing to be faced with the rest of your life.  I thought I knew what it would feel like, and how I would deal with it.  I don't.  And I suspect that's perfectly normal. The thing is, its not like anything is actually ending.  If anything, things are just beginning.  After a year like 2009, where things were so good and changed so much, I can only imagine what's coming.  It's possible that just being daunted about knowing that you have to make something for yourself is enough to leave you shaking...but maybe its better to try to run through all of the insecurity and bullshit now, before everyone is toasting at midnight. So whats next?  What's going to happen come July, or next December?  Shit, what's going to happen next week?  Does the fear or uncertainty ever go away?  Do things ever start to feel right, or perfect?  Or is it more important to just let things happen? My Best Meals of 2009: Coi Flour &amp; Water, every time 5 Points Ippudo Freeman's Places I Ate At, Often: Flour &amp; Water Fish &amp; Farm Out the Door Katana - Ya Nopalito Arguello Market Stuff I Couldn't Live Without: A good pen The iphone My pocket knife A Moleskin, even if it is falling apart Friends The Pixies, TV on the Radio, Old Outkast Access to Twitter Flickr My Macbook Culinary Fantasy League: My Team: Raw - Michael Black Garde Manger - Jon Smulewitz Pasta - Micheal Tusk Veg/Garnish - Mourad Lalou Fish - Stuart Brioza Meat - Ryan Farr Sous Chef - Daniel Patterson Chef - Thomas Keller Eddie's Team: Sautee - Charles Phan Veg - Jeremy Fox Garde Manger - Taylor Bottechier Grill - Ryan Farr Pasta - Tom McNaughton Sous Chef - Me (haha!) Chef - Jacques Pepin Mer-Mer's Team, based solely on looks: Michael Black Brandon Jew Tom McNaughton Jay Foster Mongoose quotes and conversations: Me :  There's snowmobiles.  And guns. Kitty :  Can we shoot guns while we're on the snowmobiles? Me :  I guess so. Kitty :  Wow.  It's like a Mariah Carey video. ( Merrell is hitting me in the shoulder, over and over again ) Paulie :  Isn't Savannah a pornstar? (The hitting continues) Me :  You know Paulie, not everything has to do with porn. (More hitting) Me :  What?!? Merrell :  It's Ryan Seacrest on seat three! Me :  Yeah.  I know.  Anyways... Merrell :  THIS! IS! AMERICAN! IDOL! Me :  Do I look like a botanist to you? Gerardo :  I don't know what a botanist looks like. "Mer-mer, if I gave you a titty twister and asked you to name five candy bars, could you do it?" - Corey Dega :  You're the boss. Me :  That's right.  I am the fuckin' boss.  I'm the fuckin' Bruce Springsteen of this kitchen.  And you're my Courtney Cox.  I'm gonna dance with you onstage, which is then gonna turn into a lucrative sitcom career in the nineties, only to have you marry David Arquette and have it fall to pieces in the two-thousands.  Merrell :  And don't forget the numerous miscarraiges. Me :  ....... "I thought of that old joke, y'know, the, this... this guy goes to a psychiatrist and says, "Doc, uh, my brother's crazy; he thinks he's a chicken." And, uh, the doctor says, "Well, why don't you turn him in?" The guy says, "I would, but I need the eggs." Well, I guess that's pretty much now how I feel about relationships; y'know, they're totally irrational, and crazy, and absurd, and... but, uh, I guess we keep goin' through it because, uh, most of us... need the eggs. " -Woody Allen, Annie Hall Question of the week: What is bad cooking? jusdeveau @ linecook , Bad cooking is usually doing something with little regard to the final outcome, but just to mark it off the prep list. SpecialDark @ linecook What is bad cooking? Not shaving a second off a tedious task. Not learning anything new. Losing respect for the craft. zellicious @ linecook bad cooking-when the food tastes bad and you expected it to be good. chains etc, you know what to expect, bad is unexpected ick jrnavlag @ linecook Bad cooking when U not only not care abt wht U're doing, but U dont care abt the outcome. lk getting "steamed" fish frozen inside ingridc @ linecook agree with @ Tanukipdx re: bad cooking. Also, for me, cooking and intent have always been connected. Poor intent = bad cooking. Tanukipdx @ linecook BadCooking? It's cooking without thought or care, soul or emotion.Bad cooking &amp; bad fucking have much in common. swedishmike @ linecook Taking good ingredients and making them taste bad. JessPav @ linecook Bad cooking is canned corn, canned green beans and being told "If you don't like it, DON'T EAT IT!" cloudsandcoffee @ linecook when you're in a foul mood and all your negative energy goes into the food... then you eat it. bad cooking! addycat @ linecook bad cooking lacks heart CraigHatfield @ linecook Not honoring the ingredients. Loss of good technique in the face of flash technology. jcooks @ linecook bad cooking is cooking without love or care for the ingredients, the consumer of the food or yourself. janessao @ linecook Mine. ;) MatthewSievert @ linecook "bad cooking" You know the right way, but you skimp and don't give the ingredient, specifically an animal the respect if deserves KitchenEntropy @ linecook bad cooking is lack of passion, care, and self pride. usually found in burn outs and money chasers. oh and applebees and chilis. ChefinProgress @ linecook Bad cooking is when you cease to care what you are doing. swedishmike @ linecook Taking good ingredients and making them taste bad. pleddy @ linecook When you are focusing on new flavor combinations or plating without mastering basic cooking techniques. laurafrofro @ linecook Often it involves underseasoning. fallwitch @ linecook Bad cooking = cooking w/o heart. You don't need passion but you have to want to make the best of the ingredients in front of you. savorykitchen @ linecook Bad cooking is cooking w/out care: either bad ingred, not tasting, forgetting the person who will eat the food you prepare. m_twang @ linecook Or as a very good saucier once told me (repeatedly) "garbage in, garbage out". But he said it with a heavy NY accent which is a +. m_twang @ linecook Bad cooking is a lack of uderstanding. It's the easiest equation quality ingredients and a bit of care equal good results. swedishmike @ linecook Taking good ingredients and making them taste bad. It's a cold Tuesday night, and you're on a cook's night out; something your crew has looked forward to for days. The plan is to hit a string of new restaurants, eating as much as you can, then topping it all off with bourbon and shameful behavior. Rules are in place: no eating anywhere that anyone has been before. And no salads, pizza, or fancy renditions of mac n cheese. Things started out well enough. There were some tasty fried bits, the required offal dish, a polite terrine. But the in the past hour, things have taken a turn. There was raw fish paired with fried cheese. There was a risotto that was so rich and salty that your fish cook polished off the wine, straight from the bottle. And the lamb saddle was so over-techniqued that your best-of-friends hot apps cooks started screaming at each other over which part was the meat, and which was the marrow-wrapped tongue and kidney croquette. And it was cold. The night ends with you and the grill guy sitting on a stoop, having a smoke, wondering what happened. "Maybe they were having an off night..." "It's only their second month. Did you hear the chef de cuisine came from Mugaritz? Maybe they're just settling..." "Remember that case of nasty chicken bones we got last Wednesday? Maybe there's an epedemic of bad stocks sweeping the city..." "I saw that dude Damien in their kitchen. I hate that guy..." Bad food stays with you. It haunts you. You feel violated--your precious time and money wasted. It's made even worse when friends, or expectations are involved. And it's something that you are more likely to experience as the craft of cooking expands and evolves. But why? Is it as simple as a cook that doesn't care, or that isn't truly passionate about their craft? Of course. But I think in most cases it's something else completely. Bad cooking happens when things fall out of balance. Temperature. Tastes. Textures. A cook's focus. A cook's attitude. Have you ever eaten a meal with so much technique that the kitchen forgot about the actual taste? Have you ever had a meal so rustic you were left wondering if the kitchen was just slopping it out? Remember that night on the line where you were so focused on your meat temps that your veg was constantly scorched? Remember that night on the line when you were having so much fun that you kept forgetting to add that garnish you worked on for an hour? Balance is essential to good cooking--on every level, and in every position. It's the most difficult thing to achieve--and when it's happening, it's almost invisible. A cook's personality in general is not balanced. A group of people, given to such highs and lows, and dedicated only to pleasure and sensuality...where do you find balance in that? As cooks comes to know themselves, their awareness of balance slowly starts to reveal itself. They can feel the push and pull of their own emotions. Their heart swells and almost bursts when things are good, and shatters to pieces when things are bad--but they find a way to stay anchored in the middle, head down, with only a deep breath as evidence that they're feeling anything at all. Coercing their mind into this mental middle ground starts to translate into the pan, then onto the plate. The quiet balance in the cooks mind tells them when to hold back and when to push--be it with seasoning, speed, or technique. It's a mental high wire act that's exhausting, with far greater consequences. If you fall off the wire, you die. Big deal. If you cook bad food, you've lost guests and shamed your kitchen. You actually have to live with that. Some cooks never find balance--and that's ok with them. They produce food that they're happy with--and that the vast majority of diners would be happy to eat. But if the goal is to get better...to progress...to contribute, then isn't it important to find a sustainable method for mentally and physically producing your craft? If the goal is to be the best, and create great food, then isn't balance the most important ingredient? notes. sometimes indie music is indie because it completely sucks something I did not anticipate about losing weight: none of my clothes fitting anymore food inc. show it to someone that loves mc donalds. just when you think the tattoo is done, you
 Purpose: Determine a band's leader by analyzing a publicity photo. Disclaimer: A band's inclusion on this blog reflects neither an endorsement nor a criticism of its music. This post is merely intended as a spotlight on the inner political workings of a collection of individuals who are in the midst of a cooperative, creative endeavor. The Process: You, dear reader , please answer the question, "Who's in charge here?" After sufficient discussion has taken place, a verdict can then be passed based on a majority vote. Band: Daylight Savings Account Genre: Rock Website: http://www.daylightsavingsaccount.com/ Voting ends on: Monday, March 22th, 9:00am CST (GMT-5) Purpose: Determine a band's leader by analyzing a publicity photo. Disclaimer: A band's inclusion on this blog reflects neither an endorsement nor a criticism of its music. This post is merely intended as a spotlight on the inner political workings of a collection of individuals who are in the midst of a cooperative, creative endeavor. The Process: You, dear reader , please answer the question, "Who's in charge here?" After sufficient discussion has taken place, a verdict can then be passed based on a majority vote. Band: The Runaways Genre: Rock Website: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Runaways (Wikipedia) Voting ends on: Monday, March 15th, 9:00am CST (GMT-5) UPDATE: THE VERDICT (Updated!) Voting has ended. Here is the tally: Front and Center: 2 votes Despairing Cleavage: 1 vote Congrats to Front and Center! You overcame despairing cleavage, and that is not something easily overcome! Purpose: Determine a band's leader by analyzing a publicity photo. Disclaimer: A band's inclusion on this blog reflects neither an endorsement nor a criticism of its music. This post is merely intended as a spotlight on the inner political workings of a collection of individuals who are in the midst of a cooperative, creative endeavor. The Process: You, dear reader , please answer the question, "Who's in charge here?" After sufficient discussion has taken place, a verdict can then be passed based on a majority vote. Band: Throwing Muses Genre: Rock Website: http://www.4ad.com/throwingmuses/ Voting ends on: Monday, March 8th, 9:00am CST (GMT-5) UPDATE: THE VERDICT (Updated!) Voting has ended. Here is the tally: Way Cool Hair: 1 vote Teapot: 4 votes Spam: 1 vote Congratulations to the Teapot, short and stout(?)! Purpose: Determine a band's leader by analyzing a publicity photo. Disclaimer: A band's inclusion on this blog reflects neither an endorsement nor a criticism of its music. This post is merely intended as a spotlight on the inner political workings of a collection of individuals who are in the midst of a cooperative, creative endeavor. The Process: You, dear reader , please answer the question, "Who's in charge here?" After sufficient discussion has taken place, a verdict can then be passed based on a majority vote. Band: Guided By Voices Genre: Lo-fi Website: http://www.gbv.com/ Voting ends on: Monday, February 29nd, 9:00am CST (GMT-5) UPDATE: THE VERDICT (Updated!) Voting has ended. Here is the tally: Guy On The Right: 1 vote Cigarette: 1 vote Ronnie James Dio Jr.: 2 votes Dixie Cup: 3 votes Thank you soooo much for voting! And it was a nice spread-out vote, too. As it turns out, it appears Dixie Cup is in charge! Congratulations to Dixie Cup! Purpose: Determine a band's leader by analyzing a publicity photo. Disclaimer: A band's inclusion on this blog reflects neither an endorsement nor a criticism of its music. This post is merely intended as a spotlight on the inner political workings of a collection of individuals who are in the midst of a cooperative, creative endeavor. The Process: You, dear reader , please answer the question, "Who's in charge here?" After sufficient discussion has taken place, a verdict can then be passed based on a majority vote. Band: The Fucking Champs Genre: Grah! Website: http://www.thefuckingchamps.com/ Voting ends on: Monday, February 22nd, 9:00am CST (GMT-5) UPDATE: THE VERDICT (Updated!) Voting has ended. Here is the tally: The Fucking Champ On The Right: 2 votes In the the valley of the lamps, the guy who most looks haloed by a lampshade is king! Purpose: Determine a band's leader by analyzing a publicity photo. Disclaimer: A band's inclusion on this blog reflects neither an endorsement nor a criticism of its music. This post is merely intended as a spotlight on the inner political workings of a collection of individuals who are in the midst of a cooperative, creative endeavor. The Process: You, dear reader , please answer the question, "Who's in charge here?" After sufficient discussion has taken place, a verdict can then be passed based on a majority vote. Click on pic for larger image Band: Swell Maps Genre: Rock Website: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swell_Maps (Wikipedia) Voting ends on: Monday, February 8th, 9:00am CST (GMT-5) BONUS: Please also indicate who is in charge of the band in the magazine spread. Does anyone know what band it is? Slade, perhaps? UPDATE: THE VERDICT (Updated!) Voting has ended. Here is the tally: The band: Leopard Print Nose Picker: 3 votes Far Left Scarf: 1 vote The magazine: Bleached Out Far Right: 2 votes Hey everybody, Far Right is Far Out this time! Yeah, I just said "Far Out". You dig? Click on pic for larger image Purpose: Determine a band's leader by analyzing a publicity photo. Disclaimer: A band's inclusion on this blog reflects neither an endorsement nor a criticism of its music. This post is merely intended as a spotlight on the inner political workings of a collection of individuals who are in the midst of a cooperative, creative endeavor. The Process: You, dear reader , please answer the question, "Who's in charge here?" After sufficient discussion has taken place, a verdict can then be passed based on a majority vote. Click on pic for larger image Band: Hot Chocolate Genre: Funk Website: http://www.hot-chocolate.co.uk/ Voting ends on: Monday, February 1st, 9:00am CST (GMT-5) THE VERDICT (Updated!) Voting has ended. Here is the tally: Man with the Hat: 1 vote Bald Guy In Precious White: 4 votes I was a little surprised by the vote, which is a good thing! Bald Guy, you are in charge!!! Click on pic for larger image Purpose: Determine a band's leader by analyzing a publicity photo. Disclaimer: A band's inclusion on this blog reflects neither an endorsement nor a criticism of its music. This post is merely intended as a spotlight on the inner political workings of a collection of individuals who are in the midst of a cooperative, creative endeavor. The Process: You, dear reader , please answer the question, "Who's in charge here?" After sufficient discussion has taken place, a verdict can then be passed based on a majority vote. Click on pic for larger image Band: Fugazi Genre: Righteous Website: http://www.dischord.com/band/fugazi Voting ends on: Monday, January 25th, 9:00am CST (GMT-5) THE VERDICT (Updated!) Voting has ended. Here is the tally: Bald Guy: 4 votes Hat Guy: 1 vote Once again, we find another baldy in charge! Congrats! Click on pic for larger image 
 Sair para comer a dois é uma aventura que eu rezo(não que eu seja religioso) para que a tortura termine. Não vou ser hipócrita aqui, na verdade eu quero mesmo é pular essa parte e ir para a cama. Todos nós homens somos canalhas em potencial mesmo! Clique nas tiras para melhor visalização: Via DogHouse Diaries - Blind Dates Eu fujo de encontros às cegas. Geralmente um colega convida para sair com duas garotas, e a que sobra para mim é o horror! Via DogHouse Diaries - Splitting the check Eu sempre espero que ela divida a conta. É saudável para ambos os bolsos!!! Especialmente para o meu... Via DogHouse Diaries - Training Day Isso já aconteceu... Sempre acontece comigo. E eu não consigo desviar o olhar. Simplesmente não dá. Este artigo pertence ao Crazyseawolf's Blog . Plágio é crime e está previsto no artigo 184 do Código Penal. Jon arranja um bigode falso e quem faz a festa é o Garfield. E quem sofre? Jon e Odie naturalmente. As tiras abaixo foram publicadas em 1983, de 14/03 a 20/03. Divirta-se! Leia outras tiras do Garfield Obs.: As tiras aqui postadas são tiradas direto do Garfield Desktop Background , que vocês podem baixar nesse link . Este artigo pertence ao Crazyseawolf's Blog . Plágio é crime e está previsto no artigo 184 do Código Penal. Não queria que esse fosse o primeiro post com o novo template, mas sinceramente ontem eu não tinha muito a dizer, tamanho era a tristeza e o ódio que eu estava sentindo ao ver as notícias do começo do dia. A violência gratuita, o desprezo total a vida humana parece que não diminui. A cada dia novos detentores desse ódio nascem, e eles podem vir de qualquer classe social. Basta ter uma arma na mão, invocar Deus ou o Diabo, e cometer seus crimes hediondos. O assassinato do cartunista Glauco e de seu filho é a bola da vez. Quem será o próximo? Até quando a nossa sociedade vai permitir passivamente esses acontecimentos? Até quando nossos governantes tomarão consciência e fazerem o que deve ser feito? Alguma coisa tem que ser feita. Deve-se começar na base que é a Educação, para não ter que construir prisões e mais prisões no futuro. O gasto que se tem com esses infratores poderia ser redirecionado para outras áreas. O preso na cadeia deveria trabalhar pesado para conseguir o que comer. Mas infelizmente, os baluartes e defensores dos Direitos Humanos os tratam como se fossem coitadinhos, como se tirar a vida de um semelhante fosse apenas um mero detalhe. Não vou aqui discutir o fato do Glauco ser um pastor ou de que seu assassino clama ser Jesus (minha visão sobre religião e Deus já é bem conhecida), mas sim, discutir o homem, o profissional que ele foi, uma carreira que num ponto a minha vida eu quis seguir. Tive a oportunidade de conhecê-lo numa dessas convenções de quadrinhos ou prêmios do HQMix, durante os anos 90, e pude perceber a pessoa que ele representava apenas com um aperto de mão. Você conhece se a pessoa é boa ou má olhando em seus olhos e nas suas expressões faciais. Sua morte ao lado do filho, mostra que o ser humano é obscuro, maldoso e mesquinho. Um acontecimento desse abala a todos. Ontem, na Devir, podia se ver a tristeza das pessoas que trabalham na área, aquele sentimento de insegurança de algo que pode acontecer para qualquer um, basta haver a oportunidade, já que esses assassinos estão à nossa volta. Fica aqui a minha revolta e a minha homenagem ao profissional que se foi, mas que continua vivo em seus cartoons e tiras de quadrinhos eternizados tanto na mídia impressa quanto na digital. Dona Marta Geraldão Link para o vídeo Você está deixando a gente com saudades, Glauco! 1957-2010 Fonte das imagens: Google Este artigo pertence ao Crazyseawolf's Blog . Plágio é crime e está previsto no artigo 184 do Código Penal. E com vocês, mais 10 crazy links interessantes embalados pelo CSS3 ( No IEca não irá funcionar... ): 10 Erros que Você Deve Evitar em Seu Site - O Fim da Várzea (Leia os conselhos do Mestre!) A Física não explica como recuperar o leite derramado - Luz de Luma (Explica sim, o que acontece é que a entropia do sistema aumentou!) Incrementando o seu blog - Profissão Jornalista (Todos nósamamos o Blogger!!!) A diferença entre o correto e o justo - Portal Meira (É correto ser justo ou é justo ser correto?) Confira o vídeo clipe de lady Gaga e Beyoncè em "Telephone" - In Commun Séries (Dois pedaços de mau caminho... Queria tanto ter as duas só para mim!) International Women's Day - O Legal da Web (A minha contribuição está lá!!!) Converta arquivos de vídeo e grave em DVD - Usuário Compulsivo (Dica da musa Juliana Sardinha no Compulsivo) Paternalismo - Mundiota (Esse é um dos males do nosso país, difícil de mudar!) O fim do domínio masculino - Lino Resende (As mulheres estão tomando o poder!!! Vai que é sua Dilma!!!) Blogger in Draft: Novidades na troca de layouts! - Sem Preceito (Um tutorial arrasador desse menino prodígio da nossa blogosfera da nova ferramenta do Blogger in Draft ! CHUPA WORDPRESS!!! ) Ver Crazy Links anteriores. Este artigo pertence ao Crazyseawolf's Blog . Plágio é crime e está previsto no artigo 184 do Código Penal. Nessa semana dedicada às mulheres, não poderia faltar aqui, justamente nesta sexta, piadas sobre as mulheres. Portanto, meninas, divirtam-se e não me joguem pedras! Um homem e uma mulher, após uma noite num barzinho, resolvem ir para a casa dele para ficarem mais a vontade... Uma dose aqui, uma outra dose ali e a mulher resolve tomar a iniciativa dizendo, com voz melosa: - Me faz mulher!!!..... O homem, então, diante do olhar sedento da mulher, tira a roupa vagarosamente . Uma vez com suas roupas na mão, ele diz para ela: - Tome! vá lavá-las! Duas amigas se reencontram depois de muito tempo. - Olá, quanto tempo… Como é que vai? - Vou bem. E você? - Vou indo. Como vai seu marido? - Você não soube? Ele morreu faz dois meses. - Ah, eu não sabia! Que horror! - É, um horror… - Mas o que foi que aconteceu? - Foi de repente. Pedi pra ele ir comprar açúcar no supermercado, aí veio um ônibus e passou por cima dele. - Mas que coisa triste… - Pois é… Mas tudo bem. Tomei o café sem açúcar mesmo. Aquela mulher feia, coitada, tão desengonçada que nunca tinha conseguido ter um namorado, vai pedir auxílio a uma vidente. — Minha filha! Nessa vida, você não vai ser muito feliz no amor — prediz a mulher. — Mas na próxima encarnação você será uma mulher lindíssima, muito cobiçada e todos os homens se arrastarão aos seus pés. A mulher saiu dali muito feliz e ao passar por um viaduto, pensou: "Quando mais cedo eu morrer, mais cedo começa a minha outra vida!" e atirou-se lá de cima. Mas, por essas incríveis coincidências que só acontecem em sites de humor, ela não morreu porque caiu de costas em cima de um camião carregado de bananas e perdeu os sentidos. Assim que se recuperou, ainda atordoada e sem saber onde estava, começou a apalpar em volta de si e quando sentiu a protuberância das bananas, murmurou com um sorriso nos lábios: — Um de cada vez... por favor! Um de cada vez! Aos 18 anos, a mulher é como uma bola de futebol: tem 22 homens correndo atrás e milhares de homens de olho nela. Aos 28 anos, ela passa a ser como uma bola de basquete: mais rechonchuda, com dez homens correndo atrás e alguns colegas assistindo. Aos 38 anos, ela é como uma bolinha de golfe: tem só um homem andando atrás dela e meia dúzia de amigos olhando. Aos 48 anos, ela passa a ser como uma bolinha de pingue-pongue: um homem fica jogando pro outro! Em um congresso de mulheres estava sendo discutido quais eram as mais inteligentes: as morenas, as ruivas ou as loiras. Uma morena subiu ao palanque e disse: — Nós, morenas, fomos as primeiras mulheres a fabricar um computador! Todas as morenas aplaudiram. Então foi a vez da ruiva: — Nós, ruivas, fomos as primeiras mulheres a ir para a lua! A minoria ruiva aplaudiu. Até que uma loira subiu ao palanque. — Nós, as loiras, ainda não fizemos grande coisa, mas já temos um projeto de sermos as primeiras mulheres a ir até o sol! As mulheres caem na gargalhada e uma morena grita: — Se vocês foram até o sol, vão morrer esturricadas, suas antas! A loira chega bem perto do microfone e se explica: — Alôouuuuu! Mas nós vamos de noi-teeee! Três mulheres, uma noiva, uma casada e uma amante estava conversando sobre seus relacionamentos e decidiram agradar seus homens. Aquela noite todas as três iriam testar a sensualidade e o poder que exerciam sobre seus companheiros, usando corpete de couro, máscara nos olhos e botas de cano alto. Após alguns dias, elas tornaram a se encontrar. Cada uma relatou a sua experiência. Disse a noiva: - Naquela noite, quando meu namorado chegou em casa encontrou-me usando o corpete de couro, botas com 12cm de salto e máscara sobre os olhos. Ele me olhou intensamente e disse: "- Você é a mulher da minha vida, eu te amo." Então fizemos amor a noite inteira. A amante contou a sua versão: - Ah, comigo também foi parecido. Naquela noite encontrei meu amante no escritório. Estava usando um corpete de couro, mega saltos, máscara sobre os olhos e... mais nada! Usava uma capa de chuva para cobrir meu corpo. Quando eu abri a capa, ele não disse nada... seus olhos me devoraram... me agarrou e tivemos sexo a noite toda. E aí a casada contou sua história: - Naquela noite eu mandei as crianças para a casa da minha mãe. Arrumei-me como combinado: corpete de couro, super saltos, máscara sobre os olhos. Então resolvi incrementar o visual. Aproveitei para inaugurar um perfume novo e um batom vermelho que nunca tinha usado antes. Lembrei-me de um comentário que meu marido fez sobre a sensualidde da roupa íntima preta e coloquei a que acabara de comprar... um fio dental com um lacinho de cetim em ponto estratégico. Quando meu marido chegou do trabalho, abriu a porta e me encontrou em pé no meio do quarto fazendo caras e bocas. Olhou-me de cima abaixo endisse: "- E aí, Batman, o que temos para o jantar?" Via Zumbi sem teto Crédito das miniaturas: Moda para homens Este artigo pertence ao Crazyseawolf's Blog . Plágio é crime e está previsto no artigo 184 do Código Penal. Mais uma novidade no Blogger in Draft : O Blogger Template Designer ou o Designer do modelo . Com essa nova ferramenta, os usuários podem testar novos modelos de template e as novas ferramentas da plataforma, além de poderem customizar os seus próprios templates. link para o vídeo Com essa mais nova ferramenta, o usuario do Blogger terá: - 15 novos modelos de templates totalmente customizáveis - Templates com uma, duas ou três colunas, que podem ser reorganizadas ao seu bel prazer - Centenas de imagens e padrões (patterns) diretos do&nbsp; iStockphoto , um site que possui várias imagens grátis. Essa novidade está presente somente no Blogger in Draft. Clique em Lay-out &nbsp;e depois em Designer de modelo: Atenção: Templates de terceiros não dá para serem customizados. Descobri isso ao tentar aplicar algumas funcionalidades neste template. Atualização 14/03: Para quem quiser aprender como mexer nessa nova ferramenta, recomendo os seguintes tutoriais: - Blogger in Draft: Novidades na troca de layouts! - Sem Preceito - C omo criar um template para Blogger / Blogspot - Dicas Blogger Chupa Wordpress!!! Este artigo pertence ao Crazyseawolf's Blog . Plágio é crime e está previsto no artigo 184 do Código Penal. Opinião é que nem cú, todo mundo tem. Com ou sem embasamento, muitos falam sobre um determinado assunto, pois cada um tem o seu ponto de vista e o que é melhor, vivemos num país democrático e a liberdade de expressão é garantida pela constituição, embora certos setores nem pensem assim. Quando uma pessoa opina, ela quer passar o seu pensamento a respeito de alguma coisa, estando ela certa ou errada, é um direito dela, exclusivamente dela. Os outros podem concordar ou discordar, críticas e sugestões sempre são bem vindas, a não ser quando querem impor uma verdade, o que é discutível e também quando começam a atacar o autor. Eu aqui no meu blog, eu escrevo o que quero, o que penso, o que acredito ser certo. Aceito as críticas e respeito a opinião de quem discorda de mim, mas nunca aceitarei que me imponham algo. Não sou o dono da verdade e nem quero ser, mas eu só quero uma palavra: Respeito! Respeito que muitos não tiveram com o autor deste post no blog Nerds Somos Nozes . O Gabriel Radd , que eu não conheço, é um dos colaboradores do blog e começou a ser patrulhado e achincalhado por aqueles que não respeitam a opinião dos outros. Tudo porque ele escreveu que a literatura brasileira é um pé no saco e fez algumas comparações a J. R. R. Tolkien, por exemplo. Os defensores da cultura nacional e do politicamente correto cairam em cima e o Gabriel até pediu para que o seu post fosse apagado, por causa das proporções que chegou a polêmica. Ainda bem que os editores do Nerds Somos Nozes não apagaram o post em questão , porque seria uma tremenda censura, algo que lá atrás lutamos para que ela fosse extirpada da nossa sociedade. Eu não tenho rabo preso com ninguém, e portanto engrosso a discussão concordando que a Literatura brasileira é um tremendo pé no saco mesmo! E eu não coloco a culpa nos professores não. A Literatura faz parte do currículo e possui um conteúdo programático que tem que ser cumprido. Infelizmente os livros são massantes e sem nenhum apelo, muitos retratam épocas passadas que não interessantes segundo o meu ponto de vista. Se eu tivesse iniciado a leitura a partir dela, eu não teria gosto e nenhum apreço à leitura. Tudo é desestimulante, desde a paisagem até o português arcaico dos séculos anteriores. Talvez o modernismo ainda pareça interessante, mas é só. O meu gosto da leitura se deve a Stan Lee, Carl Barks, Richard Bach, Alan Moore, J. R. R. Tolkien, Peter David, Maurício de Souza, Roy Thomas, Jorge Amado (um brasileiro!!!), Ray Bradmoore, Clarice Lispector (uma brasileira!!!), etc, etc. Sim, eu cresci lendo muitos quadrinhos, ficção científica e RPG. Se hoje a leitura está inserida e latente em mim, eu não agradeço à Literatura Brasileira, pois ela destruiria totalmente esse meu prazer, que por muitas vezes tive que agüentar por causa unica e exclusivamente do vestibular. Espero que meus colegas de profissão Bauru e Jo_Angel não tenham se assustados com essas minhas declarações, a língua portuguesa é bela e rica, reconheço, mas a sua literatura é mesmo um pé no saco. E um recado para os patrulheiros de plantão: Eu não sigo a porra de reforma nenhuma, e não me venham reclamar que o trema caiu. Este artigo pertence ao Crazyseawolf's Blog . Plágio é crime e está previsto no artigo 184 do Código Penal. Quem me conhece sabe que eu fujo de relacionamentos e casamentos assim como o Diabo foge da cruz. Juro que eu não consigo me imaginar dentro de algo que acaba com a sua masculinidade. Uma verdadeira prisão! As duas webcomics abaixo são engraçadas para não dizer trágicas. Via Doghouse - He said She said Via Doghouse - The Pants O pior é que no fim elas é quem mandam. Este artigo pertence ao Crazyseawolf's Blog . Plágio é crime e está previsto no artigo 184 do Código Penal. 
 The newest State of the Birds report is out and the news is not good. The 2010 Report concludes that accelerated climate change continues to alter the natural world as we know it, diminishing the quality of our environment and leaving a lasting impact on many bird species. The new report was released this week by United States Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar. “Just as they did in 1962 when Rachel Carson published Silent Spring, our migratory birds are sending us a message about the health of our planet,” Salazar said. “That is why--for the first time ever--the Department of the Interior has deployed a coordinated strategy to plan for and respond to the impacts of climate change on the resources we manage.” Key findings from the “State of the Birds” climate change report include: • Oceanic birds are among the most vulnerable species because they don’t raise many young each year; they face challenges from a rapidly changing marine ecosystem; and they nest on islands that may be flooded as sea levels rise. All 67 oceanic bird species, such as petrels and albatrosses, are among the most vulnerable birds on Earth to climate change. • Hawaiian birds such as endangered species Puaiohi and ’Akiapōlā’au already face multiple threats and are increasingly challenged by mosquito-borne diseases and invasive species as climate change alters their native habitats. • Birds in coastal, arctic/alpine, and grassland habitats, as well as those on Caribbean and other Pacific islands show intermediate levels of vulnerability; most birds in aridlands, wetlands, and forests show relatively low vulnerability to climate change. • For bird species that are already of conservation concern such as the golden-cheeked warbler, whooping crane, and spectacled eider, the added vulnerability to climate change may hasten declines or prevent recovery. • The report identified common bird species such as the American oystercatcher, common nighthawk, and northern pintail that are likely to become species of conservation concern as a result of climate change. The report is a collaborative effort as part of the U.S. North American Bird Conservation Initiative, between federal and state wildlife agencies, and scientific and conservation organizations including partners from the American Bird Conservancy, Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Klamath Bird Observatory, National Audubon Society, The National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, The Nature Conservancy, U.S.D.A. Forest Service, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and the U.S. Geological Survey. Read the summary of the report at http://www.stateofthebirds.org/summary News Report: NBC Bay Area: Birds Are Losing the Climate Change Battle Subscribe in a reader NPR had a very fine remembrance this week of Theodore Cross, bird lover, photographer and author of " Waterbirds " an exceptional photo book that is on our favorites list. Cross died February 28, 2010 of heart failure, following a fall at his home in Sanibel, Fla. Cross pursued many passions over his 86 years: He was a real estate lawyer, a publisher, a White House adviser and a leading spokesman for black economic development. He most known for his love of photographing waterbirds – something he didn't discover until he was in his 40s. "I was totally ignorant of birds, then — whammo — 20 years later they became a very important part of my life," Cross said in the NPR interview. "Except for family and friends, there's few things I care more about than these seabirds." His favorite bird was a Reddish Egret. Read, see his photos and hear the story on National Public Radio. Waterbirds on Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/Waterbirds-Theodore-Cross/dp/0393072266 Subscribe in a reader The G2 Gallery in Venice Beach, Los Angeles, will be hosting an Emergency 'Fill the Bill' reception on Friday, March 5th to support IBRRC's pelican rescue efforts following the recent pelican crisis in California. The G2 Gallery promotes the appreciation and conservation of the natural environment through photography and other art forms, giving 100% of all proceeds from art sales to environmental causes. In partnership with Friends of Ballona Wetlands , Global Green and Heal the Bay , the 'Fill the Bill' reception will help IBRRC cover the cost of caring for over 400 cold, wet and starving California Brown Pelicans over the past 6 weeks. The event will include light refreshments, music, raffle and silent auction, and is open to the public. So if you are in the area, please come and support our pelicans! IBRRC would like to thank all the partners of this event for stepping up to make a difference to these majestic birds! Subscribe in a reader The International Bird Rescue Research Center (IBRRC) has admitted a staggering 435 wet and sick California Brown Pelicans since January 1, 2010. The good news is that more than 200 pelicans have been released back into the wild. At our Los Angeles bird center, 101 live pelicans currently are in care. The San Francisco Bay center has approximately 20. See the updated numbers in detail Wet, sick and dying pelicans have been flooding into IBRRC bird centers following the heavy rains, flooding and pollution from run-off that hit the California coast in early January 2010. As seabird specialists, IBRRC is doing its best to treat as many of these sick, cold and wet wildlife casualties at both of its California seabird rescue clinics. The public has responded to IBRRC's call for monetary help and donated supplies to assist this unprecedented rescue. We can still use more help: Please donate online Read the full report on our website Subscribe in a reader More than a dozen pelicans were released in San Pedro on Wednesday afternoon. The birds were found sick or injured, and nursed back to health at our bird center near Los Angeles Harbor. Staffers and volunteers at IBRRC released 14 pelicans that had been nursed back to health. They were set free at Royal Palms State Beach in San Pedro after 10 days of blood tests, treatment and food. Hundreds of Brown Pelicans have been found wet, sick and dying along the California coast since early January when El Nino like storms lashed the state with severe rain and flooding. IBRRC has been appealing to the public to help with the high cost of caring for these birds. Donation information Watch the ABC-TV news report: http://abclocal.go.com/kabc/video?id=7270503 Subscribe in a reader IBRRC is now accepting applications for our 2010 Oil Spill Response Team training, sponsored by the San Francisco Foundation Cosco Busan Oil Spill Fund. Over the course of the year, participants will be trained in oil spill response with the hope that they will be able to join our world renowned team of experts. While this will be a volunteer position at first, you will be considered for spill response, which can be a temporary paid position. The training will be held in Northern California at IBRRC's Fairfield bird center. Applications are due by March 26, 2010. Training will tentatively start April 10th. Please review the full requirements on our website . Subscribe in a reader There's been a outpouring of support this past month from all our supporters as we respond to the pelican crisis that has hit Central and Southern California. Many of you have responded with cash donations, a pelican adoption or an offer to volunteer. Some have purchased t-shirts or delivered coffee and food. For all of this, IBRRC is so very grateful. A number of organizations and businesses have stepped up to help us, too. One of our long-time corporate sponsors, Pelican Products of Torrance, CA donated $2,000 to help us cover the costs of caring for these hungry Brown Pelicans. See the Press Release In the past Pelican Products has also donated flashlights, searchlights and water-proof cases for our spill responses. We also want to thank Procter & Gamble for its donation of two transport vans, a continuing supply of DAWN dishwashing liquid and TIDE soap. In 2009 P&G; also helped raise awareness and donations with its Dawn Saves Wildlife program that donated money for each bottle of DAWN purchased and activated online. If you can help us, please visit the IBRRC Donation page . Thanks again for sharing our goal of caring for sick, injured and oiled pelicans and other aquatic birds. Subscribe in a reader We posted a new video on our YouTube Channel as a rescue team from International Bird Rescue Research Center responds to a call about 30 cold, wet California Brown Pelicans in Los Angeles Harbor area. The San Pedro center has received numerous calls from the public reporting dead, dying or sick birds along the Southern California coast since early January. IBRRC now has more than 350 pelicans in care at two California bird rescue centers. Between the two centers, IBRRC is feeding a 1,000 pounds a fish a day to pelicans in care. We're appealing to the public for cash donations to help pay for treatment of these majestic birds. Donate Now See more YouTube videos: Saving Seabirds Subscribe in a reader 
I promise I am not complaining. Really, I am not, although it may sound like I am. In doing battle with pirates everywhere, I have recently been unable to avoid the question... WHERE ARE ALL THE NINJAS??? I understand that we are difficult to pick out of a croud, and that we sorta specialize in the whole "solitary assassin" thing. If someone asked me, "hey, koalaMan, I am starting a ninja-union, do you want to join?" I would be like, "no way man! That's totally lame!" But really, you think that with my precision, my speed, and my general rage, I would sense a ninja from time to time, but the radar is pretty much flatlined these days, which is not cool at all. Don't get me wrong, I am not scared of pirates. They are totally wusses, and ten pirates wouldn't stand a chance against even a modestly-adept ninja (say, one that has a weakness for the biscuits or something.) However, we do need to get down out of the tree, unsheath our shurikens and our laser guns, and get George Washington on their Martin Van Buren asses! Like the 8th president of the United States, pirates may be dense, hairy wusses, but also like ole' kinderhook, pirates stick together and help their own to get ahead. Furthermore, they have recently been demonstrating a disturbing aptitude for improving their image through various media, like music and cinema . Every day it seems like I see some person who seems okay at first, but then is like, "yeah, I love pirates! They are really cool!" Why? I think you know, and so I'll spare you the tirade. But seriously, ninjas-- time is short. Remember, especially while you Yanks are giving thanks today, that a real ultimate holiday is coming up, and then it will be time to show thanks. Flip out on a pirate. Eat a bagel (or a muffin) while wailin' on a scone-eater. Do something, anything, just to show that we're out there. We gotta start biting back, or we'll be drinkin' rum and reelin' like vermin before you know it. Okay, so obviously, I had better apologize for not having gotten a post up for a year. To be honest, I was getting a bit too comfortable up in the tree. It seemed that we ninjas had the whole "pirate problem" under control. As if their insipid music weren't enough, their complete and utter aversion to electric guitars was a sure sign of bad taste. Yeah, life seemed good... ... but only because I had my head stuck up in my, err, tree! The other day, while I was tryin' to rub the sleep and the blood from my most recent victim from my eyes, I heard one of my wee ones screamin' "arrrrrrrrrr....." What? What is this? I cannot be. "Little one," I asked, "what was that?" Surely she was just practicing her frisbee-folding techniques or something I thought, but again she yelled, "arrrrrrrrr....." To which I responded "What is that?" The next thing I heard had me looking for a laser guided, scone-coated, frisbee of death. "I'm a pirate daddy! arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr....." Okay, so it's like that now. Can't fight me wuss-to-marsupial, eh? Have to go after the Joey's huh? Well, now it's on. You know that look that women tend to get when you tell them that men are better drivers, or that barristas get when you tell them their espresso is almost as good as Starbucks? Well, that's me now. I am that barrista, and I am that women. Err, or not. But you get my point. I am totally pissed, and pirates are going to get hurt. And not just by me either. No, I am calling up the real ultimate ninja: George Freakin' Washington! Yeah, and we're going to put a hurt down on anyone who gets in our way. Pain is coming, and it's coming hard and fast. By flipping out and wasting pirates all over the world you can be sure: we are going to save children, but not save pirate children. Oh yes, make no mistake: the world's scurvy rate's are goin' down for sure. Oh, and in case you're wondering, the Joey's are all fine now. I'll tell that story one day, but for now, I cannot make merriment until pirate faces are hurt. I'm here. I would like to start by apologizing for not posting EVER. especially the post about the Thomas Kincade edition Lincoln Navigator: Im sure it would have been funny. I am hoping I will be writhing more. We just moved stuff into our apartment on Tuesday, so we have been settling in, but it was not long before we saw some miniature Jello molded to the likeness of San Francisco. Were we all made for a purpose? Sure. And what on Earth are we here for? Community of course. If I wanted to, I could explain to you the five pillars that support both of these claims. However, I would instead like to take a moment to introduce something else: my purpose driven Louisville Slugger. This thing is long, slim, and can apply a total beat-down to any pirate, dog, old lady, or wannabe gangsta to which I may apply it. Unlike Pant's intellect, it cannot be stopped. Seriously, this thing is bona fide. Like all important issues that you face in life, this bat's significance can be characterized by 5 central points, that is, it ROCKS: 1.)R: it Represents true ultimate power. 2.)O: it Opens a can of whoop ass on those who deserve it 3.)C: it is Cool and sweet and awesome and makes me want to crap myself 4.)K: it Kills anyone to whom it is applied 5.)S: it is Stealth , so that by the time it has struck, you are like, "WOW! I am totally dead!" See, my bat ROCKS. But if one person's bat rocks, then anyone can ignore that. But what if you, that's right, you were to apply these simple principals to your life? Then there would be two bats that rock. That's two purpose driven bats... imagine! Now, let's keep this going. Lets say we had the whole of Chucktown totin' purpose driven bats. Imagine! We would all be like, "I am totally pissed! I wanna kill, kill, kill!", and so all the pirates would be crapping themselves, like, "Oh my god! We are so totally dead!" Well, you get the idea. The nation, the whole world even, united under this simple ROCKS principal, then we would all be totally sweet, and all the pirates would be all beat up, and bloody, and not even dead, but like, "aw, man, this totally hurts! I would kill myself, but I am not even cool enough for that!" And what a great sight that would be. But it all starts with you. And with me. I know that you probably have all sorts of complicated questions, but I assure you that it is really simple. Just go and do. Be purpose driven. Don't let questions and doubt get the better of you. If we all just go out and do it, then we cannot be stopped. A thought occurred to me while stalking a crepe vendor the other day. Whereas I don't wear any clothing, I do notice the clothing of those around me. After all, humans all look alike to me, and so while instructing younger pastries, I'm all like "No, kill the one in the green shirt." What I've noticed is this: while so-called hipsters have been wearing vintage clothing for years, now all of the major clothing chains are selling faux "vintage" shirts. I'm talking like Abercrombie and Fitch 1972, or Old Navy hopscotch team and shit like that. It's kinda lame, but I am looking forward, in fifteen years time, to being able to go to the Salvation Army and purchasing a shirt that is both real vintage and fake vintage at the same time. I've been visiting the Violent Dismemberment Happy Bakery and Deli where I was born this week, and I'll tell you, I wasn't as disrespectful or obnoxious as the confections you see nowadays. First of all, what ever happened to just a regular, tasty, non-hugemongous, un-nasty muffin? VDHB and D is now full of some freakin' obese muffins. Just because you are a source of simple carbohydrates, that's no excuse for carbo-loading all the time you disgusting bran-piggies. Also, muffins should not smell like ham. Another thing, I'm not a racist, but the music these doughnuts are listening to these days really get my filling. (Oh, I'm sorry, that's the REAL spelling, not your hip doughnut vernacular.) I'm just saying that the bakers really need to put their feet down; these delicious baked goods are fresh out of the oven and don't know what's up, they need guidance. Good thing they have an older brother to show them how to throw down. Me and some of the kiddies went on a field trip to assassinate some prominent squirrels in the area (I hate me some fuckin' squirrels). I brought the doughnuts, bearclaws, muffins, and croissants, but not the bagels, as they are a bunch of chewy momma's boys. We staged a daring midnight raid on a major squirrel stronghold, i.e. a big tree. We fought long, fought hard, and occasionally, fought well. By morning, the crack-addicted mammals lay defeated, and several pigeons too. Only half of my squad was killed by the squirrels, pigeons, and morning rush-hour traffic. If that price seems steep, bear in mind we come in pans of twelve. OK, so one thing is certain: no one wants to be the guy posting after the mountain that is " Cap'n Romeo the Lusty and Juliet-san." So, consider this the follow-on post. It was going to be a disappointment no matter what, so no loss. Now that it's out of the way, maybe we can move on with our mortal lives. 
Something I am pursuing is graphic design. Here is a banner I am making for Sphere of Hip Hop . Maybe they'll use it? This was made not with Adobe Illustrator but with a program like Illustrator called Xara. I'm still trying to figure out the program, for example there are some lines I'd like to get rid of so that it would be easier to see that the abstract figures in the background spell "Sphere of Hip Hop". UPDATE: did just that this morning. This post originally appeared on http://surveihiphop.blogspot.com Use your resources in planning an event. Without the help of my friends and people they knew, the event planning for Hip Hop Hunger would not have gone as well as it did. Your resources will of course be different than mine, but I thought it would be helpful for me to provide this list. Here is a list of my resources for promotion and how I used them: Situational: [] RHS (Rogers High School) Leadership's room for making posters and lunchtime announcements. [] Making a watercolor picture advertising the event as a project for Art Class. [] Inviting friends from church and school. [] Meeting and inviting friends' friends from church and school. [] Meeting and inviting friends' friends' friends from church and school (okay you get the point). Helpful People: [] Teachers' and students' wisdom with experience [] Musical Artists I mostly had already had some form of communication with [] The RHS school newspaper calendar [] Students in my leadership class and friends who added unique colors to the black and white posters. NOTE: if you're planning on doing this event at your school, you may want to ask someone in charge if it's okay to make the event information available to everyone in and out of school or to what groups can you advertise the event. Online I used: [] The Hip Hop Is Music forums (for asking questions on how to promote an event) [] BLOGGER.com for making a website to promote the event [] Local Community Websites [] Facebook for inviting friends to come [] The News Tribune's (local paper) online calendar [] Upcoming Yahoo!'s online events listing [] ClubFlyers.com for flyers (thanks Leonard for recommending this!) [] Sphere of Hip Hop's forums for advertising Other posts in this series: Introduction to Series Step 1 - Brainstorm and Timeline Step 2 - Communication Tips - Resources for Promotion This post originally appeared on http://surveihiphop.blogspot.com Communication is not really a "step," but it is one of the most important things. In the Hip Hop Hunger event, it was my fault that for the longest time I didn't know that my school's portable stage wasn't stable enough for rapping and dancing, so I found that out with only a week before the event will happen. As I write this (I'm writing this on Friday, Feb 22) I'm wondering if someone will be able to donate a portable stage on Wednesday. Other than this, things have ran smoothly because of early communication. If this is your first event you're planning, you should probably talk with some people you know who have event experience and ask them if they can give you advice. My friends who are in a rock band called Supersonia have had many successful events, about two per year from sophomore year to senior year. Before I planned the Hip Hop Hunger Event I sat down with one of them at a coffee shop and took notes about how to plan an event. So if you know someone at your school who's done something remotely similar to what you are planning, then talk with them. Forms of Communication The type of communication you have with people will depend on your event and your goals. In the Hip Hop Hunger event, it was my goal to get some big name acts at it, and I used email with them. It doesn't hurt to ask especially if it's for charity. It doesn't hurt to have at least that small connection with someone in which you invited them to come but they couldn't make it. If the event is for-profit (as opposed to for-charity) you will have to figure out your budget because then it is likely you would pay the artists. (If the event is not some sort of fundraiser or charity event and you want to do it at school, you might have to pay the school or venue.) I also contacted people at my school, and when I talked to them, I just spoke and exchanged phone numbers. Also it's good to figure out what is the best way of communication for the artist/event-crew-person. If you're using email and you have their phone number, and it takes awhile for them to respond, then try calling! Also if you get stuck in a game of phone tag or if the other person prefers email, then email is a good choice. The best way of course, is to speak face-to-face, and if that's an option it's good to do it at least twice before the event. Tone and Attitude Here is a good article about writing effective emails: CD Baby on Writing Good Emails . In whatever way you contact someone, your attitude should be that you are requesting and not forcing anything on someone. Also, if someone agrees to help you, even if it's their job, you should approach them with the attitude that they are doing something extra for you. Your heart should be thankful and if you are, they will remember that. Other posts in this series: Introduction to Series Step 1 - Brainstorm and Timeline Step 2 - Communication Tips - Resources for Promotion This post originally appeared on http://surveihiphop.blogspot.com Hey Everyone, I am introducing a blog post series about planning events and concerts. When I was planning the Hip Hop Hunger event, I looked online for something about planning events and I couldn't find anything. But, I talked with friends and people I knew who had more experience, and I learned a lot. While I am no expert, I think I can share some helpful information that is worth considering. Keep in mind that you should probably take the advice of someone wiser than me, but hopefully this will get you started. To get you started here is step 1, when I make a new post in this series, I will bump this post up and write a phrase that summarizes the new post: Other posts in this series: Introduction to Series Step 1 - Brainstorm and Timeline Step 2 - Communication Tips - Resources for Promotion This post originally appeared on http://surveihiphop.blogspot.com The first question to be answered in event planning is "What will this event be and what is it for?" So start broad and think of all the ideas you can, figure out where you're going with it and go from there. Someone emailed me with a question about planning events, and this is how I responded: The first step is to brainstorm and write down every idea you can think of. The ideas can be as out-of-the-box as you want because having something unique helps. Then I'd say to go over your and your friends' ideas, if you're doing this with a group, and pick something. Then after you figure out what it is exactly you want to do, you should talk with the activities coordinator at your school [or an equivalent key person if it's not at school] with a few event dates in mind and find out if any of them will work. Once you have the event day chosen, you will want to make a timeline stating when you want to contact all the artists/performers and important elements of the show such as sound, lights, and a stage. Earlier is better of course and it's good to plot this out. For the Hip Hop Hunger event, I started contacting artists around November of 2007 even though the concert wasn't until February 08. If the event is something you're passionate about that will make it better, it has to be something you'll be willing to go outside of your comfort zone for. Once you go outside your comfort zone enough times, you'll forget it was there and that will make things easier in the future. Other posts in this series: Introduction to Series Step 1 - Brainstorm and Timeline Step 2 - Communication Tips - Resources for Promotion This post originally appeared on http://surveihiphop.blogspot.com As an artist and a student, keeping my priorities straight is important. So any free time in which I'm not doing rapping, which won't be much time, will be the time that I update the blog. Obviously I love blogging but it wouldn't make sense to spend more time blogging than making music, right? The future of this blog. Someone made a very good point that I should upload some of my music on the site or at least link to a site that does have some of my music. I haven't been in a recording studio yet but I hope to sometime in March and then I will have some music to put online. But that might come after the initial wave of attention. Maybe someone will record a video from the Hip Hop Hunger event? Another thing I might do is a blog post series on how to have a successful event and what goes into that. Hip Hop Hunger is the first event I've ever planned and I learned a lot that I think I could share with people. When I was planning the event I looked for things online and I didn't come across much on event planning, so I talked with people and that was very helpful. A last thing might be to publish some some short stories if I have time, but don't hold your breath, that's at the bottom of my "to-do" list. Thanks for reading! This post originally appeared on http://surveihiphop.blogspot.com I've been blogging off and on for about 3 years and this was a surprise that I don't think you can prepare for. When I first saw that my site was a blog of note, I didn't know how to react, because I only created the Hip Hop Hunger website to promote a single event. I guess that shows how much a difference site design can make. In a semi-panic, I made a post explaining exactly what the site was and who I am, and then thanks to peoples' suggestions, I put a link in the upper-right of the blog so that people could donate to the charity WorldVision because I realized that a lot of people seeing the site would not be able to come to the event. Also I think I did not react the best way I could have but being a blogger and an artist you could say that I wanted to connect with some people and address them and talk about myself, which doesn't really fit for the Hip Hop Hunger website, which is not supposed to be a blog, but a website for an event that is about something much bigger than me. So, I wanted to add something to the top of the welcome message to put the focus of that site back where it should be, which is that this event is for charity, specifically for hunger in Africa. Someone brought up some good points about food aid on the site at The Cause section . You can follow the conversation there. I tried to answer questions the best I could. This post originally appeared on http://surveihiphop.blogspot.com I know, it sounds like some sort of nerdy liscense-plate frame but it's true. The funny part is that it isn't even really a blog! What I did was I hacked the blogger format to create a webpage for my Hip Hop event known as Hip Hop Hunger . I put a lot into the design of that site but not a lot of writing, and this blog, however, is the opposite: a lot of writing and not a lot of design, yet. But it's the writing that really counts. As an artist and blogger, I am thankful for this publicity, but it's too bad I don't have any music samples of my rapping for y'all to listen to! Well, I'll give what I can, and that is my excitement. I'm excited about my future as a rapper and I am definitely a beginner but I'm learning and taking it a step at a time. Each time I reach a milestone I'm going to "document" it here for me to look back on, and if that peaks anyone's interest well I hope somehow God could use these words on a screen two feet in front of you to affect us positively. This post originally appeared on http://surveihiphop.blogspot.com 
I turned the water on as hot as I could stand it. Steam quickly filled the room and choked out the air as I stepped naked into the shower. (The next part is embarrassing and humiliating to admit.) Facing the water, I closed my eyes. I took a deep breath and held it as I interlocked my fingers tightly behind my head and leaned forward into the stream pouring down. Titling my head toward the ground, I allowed the water to wash over my neck and back, hoping to release the built-up tension in my shoulders and constriction looming deep within my chest. Then a giant exhale. With my forehead now resting against the shower wall and my forearms squeezing the blood surrounding my temples, I remembered to relax. To stop trying to hold on to it. To let it flow through me like rain. And it did. And as a result, I kind of lost it. I started to cry - a very rare occurrence for me! Although I can't be sure if they were tears or just water droplets from the showerhead falling to my feet. Either way, it doesn't matter and neither does this confession. This story has nothing to do with blogging. Although it does help explain some of the recent events happening in my life which have led to a few decisions, including this one... Today marks my 999th post here on The Rest Is Still Unwritten . It also marks the day I say goodbye to blogging. I've always said that the day blogging ceases to be fun for me is the day I step away. That day has come. So I'm stepping back (backspacing?) from writing. I've enjoyed the 5+ year journey, but I no longer feel inspired to write. Lots of things still left to say, just no energy or will to say them. What was once a creative outlet that I've describe as "therapeutic," now feels excruciatingly painful for me to continue. The joy just simply isn't there...and neither are the words. It should go without saying, this makes me incredibly sad. This isn't an impulse decision. It's something I've been mulling over for some time now, evidence of this Tweet (pictured above) from last week. I considered deleting the entire blog and not saying a word as to why, but I felt that wouldn't be fair to you, the reader. Plus, I didn't want to deal with answering countless questions of what happened, people thinking it was just a system glitch. Instead I'm allowing my little corner of the web to stand as is. You're welcome to browse through the rather extensive Archive . But I can't say when, if ever, I'll return. My realization is one that is not...umm, happy. In the past, I've seen writing as a gift. For it has given me the ability to express the things in my everyday life that are often too difficult for me to verbalize. So I put pen to paper in my coveted Moleskine or I blog about it here. I write it all out and I write through it. This time it's different. This time I can't write about it and what's even more difficult is that I've realized I have no one to even talk about it with to help me cope. I don't have that type of relationship with any of my buddies or even with anyone in my family. It's like emotional paralysis where feeling too much is leaving me numb. So instead I'm choosing to share nothing. I'm keeping quiet and keeping to myself. And if the day comes that I feel the urge to write here again, there won't be some lame teaser Tweet to build up online anticipation or a dramatic comeback post! I'll simply slide in just as quietly and unannounced as I slid out. Because in the end, I want to live by my motto - Write Like No One Is Reading. xoxo, David PS (Please don't e-mail me wanting to suddenly be my friend and offer your ear. While I appreciate the kind gesture and I'm sure you mean well, this letter is not my plea for help. It's more or less a PSA as to what is happening on my blog. Also, I'm sorry if this news leaves anyone feeling disappointed. But understand that life happens. And when it does, we cope the best way we know how. Perhaps this will only be a short hiatus. So keep me in your reader, keep me linked and check back soon. Again, my apologies.) ---NOTE--- The follow-up from 1/21/10 - Release After the Melissa Blake fiasco , I swore I would never guest post for anyone ever again! And I didn't, until my friend Elisa Doucette from OpheliasWebb.com convinced me otherwise. Since February is dubbed "the month of love," Elisa put together a great blog series project all about love. She selected 28 bloggers to guest post on the topic and has published their words throughout the entire month of February. 1 Blog. 1 Topic. 1 Month. 28 Days. 28 Guest Bloggers. Although a lie, I like to pretend she saved the best for last by making me the final guest blogger in the series with this post below. Clarity "I want you to get swept away out there. I want you to levitate. I want you to...sing with rapture and dance like a dervish. Be deliriously happy, or at least leave yourself open to be. I know it's a cornball thing. But love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without. I say, fall head over heels. Find someone you can love like crazy and who will love you the same way back. How do you find him? Well, you forget your head, and you listen to your heart. And I'm not hearing any heart. 'Cause the truth is, honey, there's no sense living your life without this. To make the journey and not fall deeply in love, well, you haven't lived a life at all. But you have to try, 'cause if you haven't tried, you haven't lived." - Anthony Hopkins role as "Bill Parrish" in the movie Meet Joe Black, heart to heart father/daughter talk Love is a crazy, dizzy thing. Sometimes it’s all so beautiful I can hardly stand it. I want to capture it. So I take a photograph. To make time stand still. I freeze the moment for all eternity and hang that memory on a wall. But then that doesn’t seem like enough. The photograph allows me to recall that exact same vision I once had, but it doesn’t give me the movement. The way that one strand of hair kept blowing across her face, attempting to unite with her bottom lip. Or the way the early morning sunlight pardoned the rain, reflecting and dancing across the small of her back from the dusty windowpane. ...read the rest of my Guest Post here. Also, be sure to check out the other bloggers (some really talented writers included) who participated in the series. Elisa’s "All You Need Is Love" blog series project will definitely get you thinking and questioning love and your own life. "If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?" Is is a philosophical riddle that raises questions regarding observation and knowledge of reality. That theory is called "subjective idealism" and refers to a time in which objects cease to exist once there is nobody around to perceive them. However, one may argue that... "if a tree falls in the forest and no one hears it, did it really fall?" Meaning - the objects of sense exist only when they are perceived. The common sense answer is yes. It obviously makes a sound since we know that a tree falling makes noise regardless of whether anyone is around or not. The metaphysical answer is no. The tree does not make a sound if no one is there to witness it falling. And indeed the act of making a sound isn't even a quandary, all that matters is that the tree in fact ceases to exist if no one is there to witness it. The production of sound requires 3 things: a source, a medium, and a receiver. But what about happiness? It also needs the same 3 elements. So is happiness only real when shared? There is the possibility of unperceived existence. That something can exist without being perceived. If no one is around to see, hear, or feel your happiness, does it not exist? Does happiness need a witness? Someone to validate it? Someone to share in it to make it real? For years I didn't realize how unhappy I was until I was happy. And you never realize how happy you were until that happiness disappears from your life. Happiness is not tangible, but yet it feels very fragile in our hands. Hold too tightly and you smother it. Hold too carelessly and you lose it. Unclasp your hands and you share it. Open your heart and you receive it. I believe happiness can exist alone in ourselves, but I feel it is far more satisfying when shared. In an ideal world, we would share a piece of happiness with someone everyday. Touch them in some way to let them know their existence matters. However, life is anything but ideal. It is often difficult to prove to someone how happy they make you. Whether that happiness is mutually shared or not, the only thing concrete about the emotion is that YOU know it to exist. I know it exists because I can feel it, like 10-million fireflies filling my chest cavity. I may not always be able to explain it or even prove it. But trust me, it exists and it's incredibly real. So what do you think? True or false? Is happiness only real when shared? There is a reason the young are naive. It protects us from the harsh truths and cold realities of a life we are not yet ready to see. As children, we aren't prepared to deal with the heartbreak and confusion that later reveals itself with age and wisdom. Like every kid, I looked up to my father. I idolized him. Worshiped him! He was my Superman. A man that could do no wrong. A man that was always right. A man that knew best. And a man that was in fact human. It often takes years before we see our parents for who they really are. Not these fictitious superheroes we have built-up in our mind and heart, but rather people. People that make mistakes. It was only a year after I graduated college that I learned that painful lesson. That the man I had admired and role modeled myself after for 20+ years of my life had been telling me embellished truths. While the phrase "embellished truth" sounds more pleasing to the ear than the word "lie," both are essentially the same. To embellish is to enhance (a statement or narrative) with fictitious additions, to beautify it. Simply put, it's a fancy lie. If you have ever seen the movie "Resurrecting The Champ," you'll be familiar with parts of what I'm about to say... A writer, like a boxer, must stand alone. Having your words published, like entering a ring, puts your talents on display. And there's nowhere to hide. I don’t intend to write a story about myself or my father. Or about love. Or the lies that can sometimes come from love. We live in that fear. I will tell you this about the man I call Dad. He is, against all reason, my friend. And he is also a liar. But was that because he was trying to make himself better than who he was? Or was it because the one force more powerful than a son wanting the admiration of his father is the father wanting the admiration of his son? Sometimes we need the help of our imagination to achieve that status. For it is no easy task being the strongest, wisest and most beloved man in all the land. And what is sadder is that moment when our children discover that we are not the illusory superman we've created, but rather, as Herman Melville once wrote..."men drained of valor." The lies that come from love can devastate as much as those that come from malice. Dad's legacy, I suppose is the inspiration for truth. A beauty that lets our children admire us unconditionally as I love my father. Today is my BFF's 3rd birthday! Yes, my BFF is a dog. Or at least to you he's a dog. To me he is sooo much more than I can even put into words! Actually, I can attempt to put it into words and I very much wanted to do just that today in celebration of his birthday. However, time is of the essence. And because I would rather spend more time playing WITH him on his birthday than blogging ABOUT him, I'm going to keep this post short and sweet. I'm re-posting the poem I posted on his 1st birthday. Then I'm cutting out of work early, taking him on a shopping spree at Petsmart , to the dog park to play with his friends, then home to do a little backyard sledding/snowboarding (his favorite), and finally inside by the fire to warm up couch cuddling. Go ahead and laugh. Think I'm crazy or think I'm joking. I'm neither. This is how I want to spend my Friday night. Like a fine aged wine, our love only gets better with time. And there's no one else I rather spend my days with. Happy birthday to my favorite chunk of meat. I love you, Diesel! A Boy And His Dog by Edgar Guest A boy and his dog make a glorious pair No better friendship is found anywhere For they talk and they walk and they run and they play And they have their deep secrets for many a day And that boy has a comrade who thinks and who feels Who walks down the road with a dog at his heels He may go where he will and his dog will be there May revel in mud and his dog will not care Faithful he'll stay for the slightest command And bark with delight at the touch of his hand Oh, he owns a treasure which nobody steals Who walks down the road with a dog at his heels No other can lure him away from his side He's proof against riches and station and pride Fine dress does not charm him, and flattery's breath Is lost on the dog, for he's faithful to death He sees the great soul which the body conceals Oh, it's great to be young with a dog at your heels! ---NOTE--- 12/7/05 - Define Sexy (Recommended reading before you start the post below.) Everyone has a different definition of sexy. Five years ago on my blog I attempted to define what the word "sexy" meant to me. However, I left out one keyword - independent. At the time I was working under a female boss and despite the fact she was in her mid-40s and old enough to be my Mother, I felt this very strong attraction to her. She was attractive, but her physical appearance is not what drew me to her. It was a quality she possessed, the type of lifestyle she lived. She was an independent woman and it was so incredibly sexy to me! The best thing about being single and dating is that through the years you discover exactly what it is that you really want...or in my case, what I didn’t want. I’m not a MILF hunter or cougar lover. I date girls my own age. However, I've come to realize that the vast majority of girls I had dated and had relationships with have not been independent women. Perhaps that is partially why none of those relationships worked out. Or perhaps getting a taste of what a relationship with an independent woman is really like is all that I needed to wet my appetite and have me craving my very own Miss Independent. It’s a well known fact that most guys are intimidated by powerful women. They simply can’t handle it. For some, a woman that is fully capable of taking care of herself and doesn’t need a man in her life is a giant blow to the male ego. It takes a very confident man to be with an independent woman. He has to be secure with who he is and rarely doubt his ability to please her. He must understand that although he may not be needed in her life, he is wanted in her life. I love independent women, but I would be lying if I said moments of doubt and bits of insecurity don’t creep into my head when it comes to being with a Miss Independent. There are so many 20-somethings (both guys and girls) out there that don’t have a clue what they are doing! They are in dept up to their eyeballs, but instead of working to pay off that debt, they decide to just travel the world and live this carefree "I’m going to find myself" lifestyle. Sure that modern day hippie/slacker shit sounds all poetic and fun, but it’s not long before reality comes along to slap them in the face, waking them from their dreamy state. They don’t know what they want to be when they grow up, despite the fact they’ve been a grownup for years! They teeter back and forth about going to school or going back to school. They really haven’t given much thought to the future or set any long term goals. Most haven’t even set short term goals! So they drift aimlessly from one location to the next, one job to the next, and one relationship to the next. And when it comes to love, their track record consists of binge drinking and hooking up, rather than any actual dating or a real relationship past. This is why an independent woman is sooo refreshing! I want a 20-something girl that has direction in her life and not only knows what she wants, but is already well on that path to achieving it. She knows who she is, where she’s been, and where she is going. And she wears $800 stilettos during every step of the way, not to flaunt her success, but because she’s worth it! She has earned it. She is strong. She is sexy. She is Miss Independent. And yes, although a rare breed, she does exist. "Miss Independent" by Ne-Yo Ooh, it's something about, just something about the way she move. I can't figure it out. There's something about her. Said ooh, it's something about kinda woman that want you, but don't need you. Hey, I can't figure it out. There's something about her. 'Cause she walk like a boss, talk like a boss. Manicured nails to set the pedicure off. She's fly effortlessly. And she move like a boss, do what a boss do. She got me thinking about getting involved. That's the kinda girl I need. (Chorus) She got her own thing, that's why I love her. Miss Independent, won't you come and spend a little time? She got her own thing, that's why I love her. Miss Independent, ooh the way we shine. Miss Independent, yeah. Ooh, there's something about kinda woman that can do for herself. I look at her and it makes me proud. There's something about her. There's something oh so sexy about kinda woman that don't even need my help. She said, she got it, she got it. No doubt, there's something about her. 'Cause she work like a boss, play like a boss. Car and a crib she bout to pay 'em both off. And her bills are paid on time. She made for a boss, only a boss. Anything less she telling them to get lost. That's the girl that's on my mind. (Repeat Chorus) Mmm, her favorite thing to say, don't worry I got it. Mmm, and everything she got best believe she bought it. Mmm, she going steal my heart, ain't no doubt about it. Girl, you're everything I need. Said you're everything I need. (Repeat Chorus) Miss Independent. That's why I love her. I never understood people who are into celebrity gossip. Who is crushing on who. Whose marriage is on the rocks. Or who is secretly tying the knot. I mean really, who cares? It's TMI. I subscribe to the belief that what happens behind closed doors is no one's damn business...uh, that's why the door is closed! This is exactly why I rarely ask any of my buddies who they are dating. It's not uncaring of me, it's respectful. Of course I will go into "slumber party mode" with female friends so they can get all girly, giggly and giddy gushing over some boy. I am happy for them and they are welcome to share their excitement with me. Although, for the most part, other people's romantic/sexual interests don't interest me. We live in a world of information overload these days. So I'm perfectly happy and content NOT knowing who is banging who. In fact, I prefer it that way. Besides, what purpose does that information serve me or anyone else for that matter? It would only satisfy the nosey. Don't be nosey. Don't Ask, Don't Tell (DADT) is the common term for the policy stopping openly gay, lesbian, and bisexual individuals from serving in the United States military. This federal law is in place because they claim "it would create an unacceptable risk to the high standards of morale, good order, discipline, and unit cohesion that are the essence of military capability." Therefore the act prohibits any homosexual or bisexual person from disclosing his or her sexual orientation or from speaking about any homosexual relationships while serving in the United States armed forces. My thoughts on the topic surrounding ANYONE'S personal relationship business, regardless if the person is gay or straight...Don't Ask. Don't Tell. Don't Care. And if it slips out, still I don't care. It doesn't affect my life in the least and it doesn't make me think any more or less about you as a person. It is what it is. I don't care if you're gay. I don't care if you're straight. I don't care if you're married, divorced, single, or have 2.5 kids. I don't care if you're black. I don't care if you're white. I don't care who you slept with, how many people you slept with, or how long it's been since you slept with anyone! All I care about is if you can do your job. If you can cover my back when bullets and bombs fly. Can you do that? Will you do that? If you answered yes to both questions, then what's the problem here? Why not let gays in the military? Who you are attracted to shouldn't make you less of a solider. Just like being attracted to big bottomed brunettes instead of big breasted blondes wouldn't make you any less of a solider either. We just have different tastes, that's all. It should be noted that there are already gay people in our military, but they are in there because they've kept their sexual preferences hush-hush. But when did who you are attracted to have anything to do with the capabilities of performing your job? A problem is often complicated, but the solution is often simple. What's difficult is the follow through. And in this case, getting the rest of the country to see it as such. The fact is this - no one is condoning giant orgies to facilitate in the Army Barracks. And regardless of what your occupation is, very few employers are accepting of romantic/sexual relationships taking place at work. So I think we could all understand and completely accept a rule/law stating that any type of romantic/sexual relationship is forbidden to form in our U.S. military. But to deny someone the opportunity to serve our country simply because they like boys instead of girls seems unbelievable to me! What really irritates me is many of the homophobes who are complaining about having gays in the military, saying "they aren't man enough to serve," lack the balls to serve themselves! I hate to quote a Hollywood scripted movie when trying to relate to a real world issue, but I have to say that Jack Nicholson as Col. Jessep in "A Few Good Men" summed this up best when he declared... "I have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself to a man who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the freedom I provide and then questions the manner in which I provide it! I would rather you just said thank you and went on your way. Otherwise, I suggest you pick up a weapon and stand a post. Either way, I don't give a damn what you think you are entitled to!" ---NOTE--- Related post of interest... 11/5/08 - One Giant Leap Forward And One Giant Leap Backwards When this year’s Super Bowl matchup was announced, Saints vs Colts, I renamed it to the Super Snooze. I felt it would lack that action packed, hard-nosed, 60 minutes of thrilling NFL football I was accustom to watching. I’m happy to report that I was wrong. The game was actually competitive and pretty exciting! And the commercials weren’t too shabby either...or at least that was my personal opinion when I went into work on Monday morning. I figured there would be Peyton Manning fans whining, but what I didn't expect were women to be shouting sexism! Sexism, really? I’m sorry, the ads are only seen as sexist if you twist the humor out of them. So lighten up. They aren’t sexist. They are geared toward men! So if you’re not a man, there is a good chance you wouldn’t enjoy something geared to men. Correct? That’s why women subscribe to Cosmo and not Maxim. So what makes you think the Super Bowl should be the exception to that rule? I wouldn’t tune into the Oxygen channel or the Lifetime Movie Network and expect the commercials there to be geared toward me. Let me make something clear to everyone. Football, just like any other televised event/show, has a target audience. The NFL marketing demographic is aimed at males ages 18-34. That is their target audience, who is tuning into the games. So it's only smart business for advertisers to create commercials that appeal to the vast majority of NFL fans, males ages 18-34. Needless to say, young adult males are into beer, tits, technology, cars, and potty humor. This is why when you watch football, and especially the Super Bowl, you see ads for Bud, big breasted GoDaddy.com girls and muscle cars. Sexist? No. Smart! The cost for a 30-second commercial during this year's Super Bowl was $2.6 million! Do you really think any company would waste that kind of cash on a commercial that doesn't grab the attention of males ages 18-34, their target audience? If you were selling Tampax tampons, you would air your ad during "Oprah." If you were selling Viagra, you would air your ad during re-runs of "Murder She Wrote." And if you were selling Zhu-Zhu Pets you would air your ad during "Dora The Explorer." Women, you’re more than welcome to watch the game with men. Although you will never see any man scream "SEXIST" if a woman makes a remark about how tight the QB’s butt looks or how you live in Florida, but you’re rooting for the NY Jet’s simply because Mark Sanchez is cute. Football is a game filled with testosterone, blood and sweat. Men behaving like beasts! Wrestling and roughing each other up in a battle of strength and strategy. So don’t be surprised (or complain) that watching football makes me want to eat meat, drink beer and burp. It brings out the animal in us. Personally, I think it’s healthy to hang with the boys and yell "FUCK" during bad ref calls. I also think it’s perfectly normal for me to drool over two hot chicks in lingerie making out. And it’s perfectly normal that I want to jump up and cheer when I see a man taking a stand for himself instead of being emasculated by an over controlling woman. If that makes me a caveman or a sexist pig, so be it. FloTV (watch here) takes a regular Joe Schmoe and states that his girlfriend removed his spine, made him go shopping instead of "letting him" stay home to watch the game. They then encourage him to change out of his skirt and get a FloTV so he can watch sports on the go, AKA in the mall. In another ad, Dockers (watch here) incorporates a slogan that is as old as the day is long when it comes to relationships. They’re calling all men and instructing them that "it’s time to wear the pants." We all know what that means! But it was Dodge Chrysler's Super Bowl spot (watch here) that got feminists fired up the most! Titled "Man's Last Stand," the narrator is as bold as they come, saying... I will get up and walk the dog at 6:30AM. I will eat some fruit as part of my breakfast. I will shave. I will clean the sink after I shave. I will be at work by 8am. I will sit through two hour meetings. I will say yes when you want me to say yes. I will be quiet when you don't want to hear me say no. I will take your call. I will listen to your opinion of my friends. I will listen to your friends' opinions of my friends. I will be civil to your mother. I will put the seat down. I will separate the recycling. I will carry your lip balm. I will watch your vampire TV shows with you. I will take my socks off before getting into bed. I will put my underwear in the basket. And because I do this, I will drive the car I want to drive. Know why this is funny? Because ALL men have felt this way before! If you haven't, then you must not be married, haven't talked to married men, or haven't been in any type of relationship long enough to experience this robot-like lifestyle. It's like being a shell of a man where you lose the balls to say no or disagree. You simply do as you're told because thinking on your own and doing what you want causes too much drama in your relationship. And you hate drama! Therefore you rather just say "yes dear" and go with whatever she says like a zombie. You do this because you love her and want to make her happy, even though living this way makes you miserable! Then finally something comes along, in this case the car you've always wanted, that makes you finally put your foot down. You realize you take enough shit and do enough for her. So it's time to do something for yourself. I WILL DRIVE THE CAR I WANT TO DRIVE! I can't say I like Dodge Chargers, but I love this commercial because I've always said I will refuse marriage or get divorced before any woman forces me to buy a car I don't want. I will NEVER own a minivan! There are lots of things I will compromise on, but my car is just not one of them. And I don’t care if any women thinks my Ducati is impractical either. My sportbike is like my Bulldog. Both will stay and you will go. I am man. Hear me roar. PS (I secretly loved the Google commercial best of all! It made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. I guess that makes me a sexist pig with a soft center?) 
 Sean of the Eff-Stop Local photo blog was taken aback when he noticed this HECKlE &amp; JECKlE'S Chicken Shack sign while tooling around Tacoma, Washington. &nbsp;You may recall Heckle and Jeckle , the mischievous pair of magpies for whom our Chicken Shack owner named his fine restaurant. &nbsp;Perhaps it was in the spirit of these crazy cartoon birds' reckless abandon that the author of the sign chose to write in all capital letters, except, of course, for the lowercase L's. &nbsp;Or maybe it's just as I've always suspected — the world is coming to an end. Yesterday's submission by Randy C. outs Gary Pool as a repeat offender . &nbsp;Today it's a POOL TABlE SAlE. &nbsp;Randy explains: I spotted this one on Niagara Falls Boulevard in Amherst, NY. &nbsp;In the summer this business sells swimming pools and during the winter they turn to indoor entertainment items such as pool tables . Seems that Gary is short on uppercase L's for his readerboard. Trying to get back into the swing of posting more regularly, I was encouraged by Randy C of Cheektowaga, NY, to post more frequently. &nbsp;He tells his tale: I spotted this one on Niagara Falls Boulevard in Amherst, NY, soon after the Buffalo Home and Garden Show. &nbsp;Of secondary interest is the lower case "o" in the word "show." I pass this business three times a week and have gotten so I always check out their sign. &nbsp;Is this just a clever way to get people to notice their business? Just for fun, I've included a second photo to place the sign in context. Not the SPECIAl on this blog. &nbsp;Also reminds me of a&nbsp; POOl &nbsp;or two . SWINE FlU GONE TOO FAR, indeed! &nbsp;Dylan C. from Cairo, NY explained that this was a 12th grader's class assignment. &nbsp;Looks like swine flu &nbsp;is beginning to take a toll on lowercase L judgment ... and education. This is not the first case of FlU we've caught here. Lowercase L errors are usually ephemeral, written on cardboard, scribbled on scrap paper, or arranged with letter tiles on a roadside readerboard. &nbsp;But once in a great while, a lowercase L makes a mark of permanence in the world, and it simply cannot be ignored. Such is the case with the flawed 50-peso coins minted in Chile in 2008 . &nbsp;Surprisingly, no one noticed the misspelled CHIlE until just a few weeks ago. &nbsp;Are people so used to writing lowercase L's among all uppercase letters that everyone thought this was passable? This could be a result of mistaking the uppercase i stamp for an L stamp, or the error could have followed a poorly handwritten note that instructed the Chilean minter to cast the letters CHIlE in metal. &nbsp;Or perhaps there was a conspiracy to inject the market for erroneous coins with fresh material. Either way, this may be bigger than the Manhattan Project incident . Thanks to Adrian Bailey for passing along this news! Lisa B. found this LOBSTER ClAM SAUCE at Moby Dick Restaurant on the wharf in Santa Barbara. Funny that the author almost lost it with the weak uppercase L in SALMON, fully recovered with LOBSTER, and then totally fell apart with the ClAM. It's easy to ignore the lowercase L problem when it doesn't impact our lives in any way other than annoyance or mild confusion. But when someone attacks the family name, it hits too close to home for comfort. That's how Morgan Holzer felt when he read this sign being held by the car service driver at the airport. It reads like a McKenzie Brothers Canadian insult ... Take off, you HOlZER & MORGAN! Yitz Complicated shares this apropos trailer with lowercase L readers, figuring we like this kind of stuff. 
 Catch the goose... We had our opening night today. Or premiere. Do you call it premiere in English? I'm not sure. Anyway, it was a success. The shot you see I took from where I sit at the piano and I had to shoot from the hip because I had to make sure the audience didn't see me taking the shot. Fun. Party... We had a lot of fun on stage and later had an after show party. We hung out until 4 AM and I was so drunk I could hardly walk home. Water 'n ice... Yuki was at his daycare all day, and I had some time to get my software working. I do have lots and lots of sound libraries and I find it difficult to make them work. The architecture seems different than on my last computer and somehow they're not recognized by my music software. It's long process to get them to work properly. It has been extremely cold in the last days. Siberian cold. The winter just doesn't want to stop. Yuki has a cold again, I think this time he also got an eye infection. Need to go see the doctor. No wonder in this cold... Today we had our last rehearsal. It went well and we're set for tomorrow. Ended the day in a restaurant close to the theatre. I still have an undeveloped film in my Nikon, I'll add the missing pics when they're finished... Almost human... This morning our new CD's arrived. Yeah! A new CD, it's always nice. It's our band's 10th CD. Yuki slept until 10AM, that's 14 hours! After he woke up we went to the zoo where I met Anna Sofie, the costume designer from the theatre. We hung out until 1PM, she feels a bit lonely because she's from Munich and knows nobody here., so I asked her to come to the Zoo with me. After she left Sabina came, we had lunch at the zoo together. I have Yuki all day until 7 when I have to go to the rehearsals again. A long day. First working on the music with Josephine, then off to rehearsals where we tried out our new music, after rehearsalsI changed what didn't work, then went back to the theatre where we had the first of three run through rehearsals before opening night, after rehearsals we had a 2 hour critique with the entire crew, and then finally went to a restaurant for some food and wine. The rehearsal went really well. Joshua watched the play for the first time and liked it very much. I think the opening will be fine. The new music worked perfectly. We were able to incorporate it into the play with only one 2 hour rehearsal, not bad at all... I came home at 2:30 AM, wasted. Pink... A beautiful Sunday with perfect weather for a trip to the Zoo. I had Yuki and we both went there in a good mood. There were millions of people at the zoo. I usually go during the day and the zoo is often nearly empty, but on Sundays it's a nightmare. I'm not used to that... Later I had to work a lot because I had to do last minute adjustments to the music. Tomorrow morning Josephine's coming to my studio and I have to be prepared. We were supposed to have a musical rehearsal today at the theatre, but the whole sound system broke down, so we had to cancel it. This is getting tight now. There's still a lot of additional music we have to try out now that the acting is in place and I wonder when we will do it... It's getting tight. Since I had a lot of free time after the cancellation of the rehearsal, I decided to rip my studio apart and start to setup my new equipment. I know I should wait until after opening night, never should do that kind of stuff in the middle of a project, but I want to finish this as quickly as possible, as I am getting tired of my old studio. It was a nightmare. Millions of cables... But by midnight I was nearly finished and I can tell you: it's fantastic. I threw all of my old studio furniture out, I now have a small, clean table with my new MacBook Pro and the studio monitors on it, very clean, very tidy. Then about 12 Teras of new harddisk power in a cabinet and that's it. Brand new software: Mac OS 10.6.2, Aperture 3, Protools 8, Logic Studio 9, and a lot of positive energy to go along with it. It will take some time to get everything running smoothly, but I'm very optimistic. Rehearsal.. In the morning again rehearsals, then I spent most of the day, as I did yesterday, installing software on my new Mac. It's very time consuming, but well worth the effort. I'll be at the front of the pack again after falling back in the last 2 years. New sounds, new software, new OS. I love Macs, they're the best. Then I composed some new music for the play. Last minute adjustments so to speak. Another world... This morning we had a so called AMA in German, which means "Alles mit Allem", in English "All with all" meaning costumes, light, and makeup. It went pretty well, better than anticipated. We had our wigs for the first time and we locked hilarious. Interesting, most interesting really, was this: As you might remembr our clarinet player Mike has become an orthodox jew. He used to be a catholic, but converted to Judaism 10 years ago. For this rehearsal he had to shave and put on his wig. Within a few minutes all that was "jewish" about him has vanished. The clothes, the skull cap, the beard, the body language, everything. And why? Because it's not real, he's not Jewish. He looked like he looked 15 years ago, a boy from a small village in southern Germany... 
 A simple method for finding south using nothing but an analog wristwatch and the sun: Hold a watch with 12 o'clock at left. Move your arm so the hour hand points at the sun. The spot halfway between the hour hand and the 12 is south. A few important caveats. First, if you're in the southern hemisphere, you would point 12 o'clock at the sun but still split the difference between 12 and the hour hand for north. Also, if you practice daylight saving time, you should subtract one hour from the hour hand. Use your wristwatch as a compass . [Lifehacker] The PDF file format is one of the best ways to publish, save and exchange well-formatted documents that will look exactly the same regardless of the device or computer you open them on. Whether it's your resumé, a tax form, e-book, user guide or a web page, you can't go wrong using a PDF. Chances are you've already got a free PDF reader installed on your computer, but you can do a lot more with your PDF files than you might think. Hit the jump for our top 10 list of techniques for converting, exchanging, sharing, managing and editing PDF documents. Top 10 PDF tricks . [Lifehacker] A little known school of scholars in southwest India discovered one of the founding principles of modern mathematics hundreds of years before Newton according to new research. Dr George Gheverghese Joseph from The University of Manchester says the 'Kerala School' identified the 'infinite series'- one of the basic components of calculus - in about 1350. The discovery is currently - and wrongly - attributed in books to Sir Isaac Newton and Gottfried Leibnitz at the end of the seventeenth centuries. The team from the Universities of Manchester and Exeter reveal the Kerala School also discovered what amounted to the Pi series and used it to calculate Pi correct to 9, 10 and later 17 decimal places. And there is strong circumstantial evidence that the Indians passed on their discoveries to mathematically knowledgeable Jesuit missionaries who visited India during the fifteenth century. Indians predate Newton 'discovery' by 250 years . [Physorg] Deodorize... Your kitchen sink Your freezer Your car Food storage containers Your clothes Your carpet Your pet's bedding Your basement Eight surprising household deodorizers . [Real Simple] Atlas of World Faiths . [spiegel.de] Of all the objects in the universe, the human brain is the most complex: There are as many neurons in the brain as there are stars in the Milky Way galaxy. So it is no surprise that, ­despite the glow from recent advances in the science of the brain and mind, we still find ourselves squinting in the dark somewhat. But we are at least beginning to grasp the crucial mysteries of neuroscience and starting to make headway in addressing them. Even partial answers to these 10 questions could restructure our understanding of the roughly three-pound mass of gray and white matter that defines who we are. Ten Unsolved Mysteries of the Brain . [Discover Magazine] Good news, everyone! Here is a story about building my very own Bender. This, as everyone should know, is the foul mouthed, cigar smoking, booze drinking, shiny metal arsed, bending robot from the program Futurama. More information can be found in the Wikipedia Futurama entry . Of course just having a Bender that doesn't do anything would be a waste of time so mine shall be used for a practical purpose. One Bender himself would be proud of. I'll use him to make beer! This was actually done in the show in the episode "The Route of all Evil". The idea was suggested to me by my drinking buddy Dave. I didn't remember this until he provided the proof (typos and all): [3/30/2007 9:21:20 AM] Simon Jansen says: Everytime I watch Futurama I want to build a bender. [3/30/2007 9:24:14 AM] David Moore says: do you remember the episode where they brew beer inside Bender? [3/30/2007 9:24:26 AM] David Moore says: you should build that.... a Bender brewer [3/30/2007 9:24:28 AM] Simon Jansen says: Vaguely.\ [3/30/2007 9:24:37 AM] David Moore says: he gets all maternal [3/30/2007 9:24:42 AM] Simon Jansen says: I could buil done out of real steel. [3/30/2007 9:26:49 AM] David Moore says: season3 episode12: The Route of All Evil [3/30/2007 9:26:56 AM] David Moore says: title refers to money, not beer [3/30/2007 9:27:27 AM] Simon Jansen says: How about a Bender beer fridge? Get one of those mini fridges and build that into him? [3/30/2007 9:28:00 AM] David Moore says: no a brewer So, credit where credit is due! The latest entry is from August 5, 2007 - Check back for progress reports. Building Beer, Brewing Bender . [asciimation.co.nz] Sir Isaac Newton (1642-1727) was the greatest scientist that ever lived. More than any other person, Newton was single-handedly responsible for laying the the groundwork in classical mechanics, optics, and even mathematics. Landing man on the moon? Don’t look at Einstein - it was all done with Newtonian physics. Even though every high school student that has ever taken physics (should) remember Newton’s contributions, not many know about the man behind the science. For example, did you know that Sir Isaac was an alchemist? Or that, like Einstein, he didn’t have a very promising start? Or that he was obsessed with the Bible and tried to predict Armageddon? Read on for more obscure facts about the life of Isaac Newton, the world’s greatest scientist... Ten Strange Facts About Newton . [Neatorama] 
IMAX videographer Peter Rubi stands in the foreground as a Discovery Channel videographer interviews DOW driver Herb Stein in the background.  And behind it all?  A wall cloud scraping the ground roughly 60 seconds before forming the first (and only) tornado Vortex 2 intercepted in year one of field operations.  This was shot on June 5, 2009, in Goshen County, Wyoming.The giant retractable antenna on the back of Doppler on Wheels #6 is designed to both loft weather instrumentation high into the air (where ground obstructions do not interfere with it) and to act as a radio repeater for communication between storm researchers. I found this little bit of nostalgia recently while working through the many-years long backlog of old film and slides that I had from my non-digital days; this is one of my first ever storm shots, shot back in 1999 or 2000, back before I took up storm chasing.  Don't remember the exact date on this one; what I do remember is that this was the first time that I really wished I owned a camera with a wider lens, as the arcus cloud in the distance (rapidly approaching Kearney, Nebraska) covered almost the entire sky and looked like something straight out of the end of the world.  The lightning bolt in this shot is pure luck; it happened to strike at the exact moment I pressed the shutter. 
 Twas the Irish what invented the pipes, you know, and they gave them to the Scots as a joke. And the Scots haven't gotten the joke yet! Chocolate Guinness Cake by Nigella Lawson This cake is magnificent in its damp blackness. I can't say that you can absolutely taste the stout in it, but there is certainly a resonant, ferrous tang which I happen to love. The best way of describing it is to say that it's like gingerbread without the spices. There is enough sugar — a certain understatement here — to counter any potential bitterness of the Guinness, and although I've eaten versions of this made up like a chocolate layer cake, stuffed and slathered in a rich chocolate frosting, I think that can take away from its dark majesty. Besides, I wanted to make a cream cheese frosting to echo the pale head that sits on top of a glass of stout. It's unconventional to add cream but it makes it frothier and lighter which I regard as aesthetically and gastronomically desirable. But it is perfectly acceptable to leave the cake un-iced: in fact, it tastes gorgeous plain. Ingredients for the cake: 1 cup Guinness 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa 2 cups superfine sugar 3/4 cup sour cream 2 eggs 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract 2 cups all-purpose flour 2 1/2 teaspoons baking soda Ingredients for the topping: 8 oz Philadelphia cream cheese 1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar 1/2 cup heavy cream Nigella's Suggestions: For a simpler dessert, replace the frosting with a light dusting of powered sugar. Preheat the over to 350 F, and butter and line a 9 inch springform pan. Pour the Guinness into a large wide saucepan, add the butter — in spoons or slices — and heat until the butter's melted, at which time you should whisk in the cocoa and sugar. Beat the sour cream with the eggs and vanilla and then pour into the brown, buttery, beery pan and finally whisk in the flour and baking soda. Pour the cake batter into the greased and lined pan and bake for 45 minutes to an hour. Leave to cool completely in the pan on a cooling rack, as it is quite a damp cake. When the cake's cold, sit it on a flat platter or cake stand and get on with the frosting. Lightly whip the cream cheese until smooth, sift over the confectioner's sugar and then beat them both together. Or do this in a processor, putting the unsifted confectioners' sugar in first and blitz to remove lumps before adding the cheese. Add the cream and beat again until it makes a spreadable consistency. Ice the top of the black cake so that it resembles the frothy top of the famous pint. This PDF, regarding album covers, was sent to me by Michael De Jong, it's both funny and disturbing at the same time. He's a singer/songwriter, entertainer and friend whom I used to play with in the '70's. He's now living in Amsterdam and still playing internationally. If you're interested in finding out more about him, go to his "Hyves"site &lt; http://singermichael.hyves.nl/ &gt; (best) or his website &lt; www.michaeldejong.org &gt; (older - first effort) Anyway, sure hope I can figure out how to attach this PDF here. Otherwise, I'll ask Diane if she will help. (Vincent Price in The Fly, "Help me".) Hmm. Having just exhausted my store (one shelf with a few odds and ends) of knowledge, I'll defer to the experts. Double hmm. I think I want to change from my Nom D'Blog, Myron J. Poltroonian, to me - John Besharian. Guess I'll have a lot o' askin' t'do. If there's a "Wingding" this summer, I'll look forward to seeing everyone there. Kunkel and Harris 3/12/2010 7:00 PM at Bazaar Cafe 5927 California Street, San Francisco, CA 94121 Cost: $10 donation Great to see everyone out there gigging! The sweet sounds of Gayle Lynn and her Hired Hands in Berkeley on Sunday, April 25: $14.50 advance / $15.50 at door http://www.freightandsalvage.org/dr-ks-home-grown-roots-revue-series-misisipi-rider-honky-tonk-dreamers-gayle-lynn-hired-hands And .... the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band will be at the Mission Viejo Summer Music Festival June 23rd.&nbsp; Looks like an idyllic place to listen to music. California and area Paradoxers:&nbsp; Jackson and David Lindley have upcoming concerts in L.A. (July 23) and Berkeley (July 24) this summer.&nbsp; Might be just the excuse we need to all get together again this summer. 
What an amazing adventure. I'd say we crammed one month into a week as the Snoopy Goes To Cuba tour rolled through Havana. Our little squad of American cartoonists visited with Cuban counterparts at newspapers, animation studios and design schools. We dropped in at Hemingway's house but he wasn't home. We even looked for him at all his favorite bars in downtown Havana but he wasn't there either. The Cuban people couldn't have been sweeter, prompting my new expression: "You don't meet people in Cuba...you fall in love with them." The narrow streets of the city are filled with people (as opposed to cars), not to mention music and dancing. I have never felt so safe walking around in dark alleys at midnight. The poverty and deprivation are obvious everywhere but are not enough to dampen their spirits. These photos include Jeannie Schulz and me with old Havana in the background.
In all my years of reading horror comics I've learned this important fact: corpses are razor sharp, and if you're not careful you can very easily cut yourself on one and start bleeding. What the hell am I talking about you ask? Well read on then if you don't understand or believe me. I mean, what--- you think someone actually makes this stuff up?!! From the February 1952 issue of Mysterious Adventures #6 More Mysterious Adventures all this week--- stay tuned! +++++++++++++++++++ NEWS ITEM: Jason Paulos is an Australian comic artist that has worked for DC comics and Judge Dredd Megazine , and his new solo horror anthology EEEK! is his love letter to retro horror comics, (in particular Charlton, HOM, Warren , and to a lesser extent 80's staples like Death Rattle and Twisted Tales .) Says Jason, "If you made a movie of EEEK! it would be described as the bastard child of Evil Dead and Austin Powers . One of the story titles is " Death Wears Hotpants" so you can draw your own conclusions from that." For more info click HERE! Oh god, not another insane Iger Shop tale from the Aug-Sept. 1954 issue of Strange Fantasy #13 ?!! Yep. This scuzzy supernatural three-way is actually a leftover from our sordid Valentine's Day Massacre Fest from last month, I totally had it on the schedule and then forgot all about it. Share it now with the one/s you love (to death.) Hey, how about a second helping of corpse for dinner? Check the THOIA Archive for the Reed Crandell classic--- "The Corpse That Came to Dinner!" ---NEWS FLASH!!--- It's FINALLY coming! You've read his comments here at THOIA for years, now get ready to read Mike Howlett's "The Weird World of Eerie Publications," coming in Fall 2010 from Feral House! A labor of undying love, and over 4 grueling years in the monstrous making, this blood soaked tome is the definitive look at this much maligned publisher of the lowest of the low brow horror comics! (Stay tuned for pre-order information!) I mentioned filmmaker William Castle in the last THOIA post "Monsters for Rent" because of the gimmick angle to that story (we all know Castle was The Master at goofishly grand gimmicktry), and I'm going to mention him again today too because of the House on Haunted Hill-esque, skeleton-producing, acid pool angle to today's lurid Iger Shop classic. Castle could have made a real doozy out of this one--- Filmed in Dissolvo-Vision!© From the Aug-Sept. 1954 issue of Strange Fantasy #13 . Sam and Lorna Cox, aka: "The Dipshits of Disaster." They could surely learn a thing or two about gimmicks from The King, William Castle ... unfortunantly for them though it's now much too late. From the October 1953 issue of Haunted Thrills #3 . The last Wally Wood story from the February 1955 issue of This is Suspense #23 (originally presented in the May 1950 issue of A Star Presentation #3 ), PLUS! a Marvel / Atlas story submission from THOIA reader Ben Evans, "The Nightmare Men" by Mac Pakula , originally presented in the June 1957 issue of Strange Tales of the Unusual #10 . Says Ben, "This is more or less what I always interpreted Dream Police by Cheap Trick as being about." Haha, thanks again for the scans Ben! It's strange to think that in all the years of managing THOIA this is only my third Wally Wood post. I assure you this will be rectified throughout 2010. And now the exciting conclusion to Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (originally featured in the May 1950 issue of A Star Presentation #3 . ) NEXT: More Wally Wood! But if you can't wait, check the THOIA Archives from May 2008 for-- The Thing from the Sea! While the Feb. '55 issue of This is Suspense #23 is technically the first issue of this short lived series (formerly known as Strange Suspense Stories ) it is also the last pre-code issue. And however you look at it, whether kicking things off big, or the sad end to an "anything goes" era, you certainly can't go wrong with a reprint of Wally Wood's Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (originally featured in the May '50 issue of A Star Presentation #3 .) This is definitely not Wood's best work, but it's still tremendous fun seeing him hone his imaginative skill during this phase of his career. (to be continued...) Closing out February with another double header, our first story from the May '74 issue of Tales of the Zombie #5 is a favorite of mine and contains one of the saddest, most chilling endings in any horror story ever. And for you people jonesin' for some damn 50's style pre-code already, I've included the Stan Lee / George Tuska reprint classic "Acid Test!" from the Oct. '73 issue of Tales of the Zombie #2 , (originally presented in the July '53 issue of Menace #5 under the title "Nightmare!") 
 The post was written for http://mrbrownthumb.blogspot.com The link to the book described below links to my Amazon account and I get a small commission from sales. If you like this blog you can support it by buying the book through me. Or not, mostly I just want to disclose this info.&nbsp; The Chicago Flower and Garden Show was last week. You can see my last post on the show on Chicago Garden titled Garden Hits and Misses at Chicago Flower and Garden Show . Overall, I really enjoyed the themed gardens and walked away with some good ideas that I hope to incorporate somewhere. One of the highlights of the show was attending the lecture by Anna Pavord, author of Bulb . If you haven't bought or read Bulb you should because it is a wonderful garden book with great information on bulbs. The bulbs range from Amaryllis bulbs to hardy garden bulbs like tulips. I've said before that I liked Bulb because it reads like something written by a gardener who loves bulbs, corms and tubers. My idea of Ms. Pavord as a real bulb-loving gardener was solidified after hearing her lecture. She spoke about bulbs with a passion that can't be faked. Her presentation was filled with bulb recommendations for various growing conditions from her experiences growing these bulbs in her own garden. My&nbsp;favorite&nbsp;anecdote&nbsp;of hers about how her Amaryllis bulb collection was blooming over the holidays and she wished that people would visit, just so that someone besides her would be able to appreciate the blooms. Just how serious of a bulb grower is Ms. Pavord? There were hundreds of tulip bulbs in bloom at the Chicago Flower and Garden Show and she spotted this one among a sea of perfect tulip blooms. This purple and white tulip is "broken" and the coloring is caused by a virus. During the Dutch Tulip Craze , bulbs with dual colorings were highly sought-after and commanded ridiculous prices. This particular bulb gave her an opportunity to talk about the snowdrop craze that is currently sweeping England, where gardeners are paying hundreds of pounds for single bulbs. She told us about parties and gatherings with Brits crawling around gardens on all fours counting spots on the leaves of snowdrops. The snowdrop craze in England won't result in an economic crash, but it is interesting to see how even though we know our history we are perfectly content to repeat it. I can't recommend Bulb enough, and if you are lucky enough to have Ms. Pavord visit your area to promote the book, do yourself a favor and go hear her talk about bulbs. After the presentation I got a chance to sit and talk with her for a few minutes and she even personalized my copy of her book. It reads: "To Mr Brown Thumb- it was good to meet you in Chicago. Happy blogging (&amp; gardening) Best wishes from Anna Pavord." Yes, I got a famous garden author and international best-selling author to address a book to MrBrownThumb . I hope she chuckles over it for years to come, I know I will.&nbsp; Another lecture I attended during the show was about the history of the D. Landreth Seed Company by owner, Barbara Melera.&nbsp;The D. Landreth Seed Company is America's oldest seed house . She sells some really interesting herb, vegetable and flower seeds. If you're an African-American gardener check out the company's African-American Hertiage Collection of seeds . I picked up a few seed packets and some Maris Piper seed potatoes. &nbsp; From the Dutch bulb growers I bought a Eucomis Comosa, a Pineapple Lily with pink to burgandy blooms. The circular corm is for a hardy cyclamen and the smaller one is a Dracunculus vulgaris. Last year I purchased a Voodoo Lily from these guys and it bloomed before it was warm enough to put it outside. The smell that took over the house was horrid. Here is last year's bulb with the original bloom fading and a new one emerging. The greater Chicago cactus &amp; Succulent Society booth, was awesome. I purchased a new Euphorbia obesa. Albuca longipes (bulb in the center) and a Tephrocactus articulatus, on the left.&nbsp; Kedrostris africana, the bulbous plant on the left. Fockea crispa center top and a Cyphostemma juttae (Tree grape) on the left. The green mound in lower half of the center is Selaginella K. Brownii. Did you go to the Chicago Flower and Garden Show? What did you think and what did you bring home with you? I have a photo gallery of the Chicago Flower and Garden Show on Chicago Garden . Chicago Garden MrBrownThumb my blog about indoor & outdoor gardenin. I provide a feed people who are interested in gardening & following my blog. Re-publishing of my feed & my original content on another website/blog without my expressed written consent will cause me to release the flying monkeys. http://mrbrownthumb.blogspot.com&nbsp; I noticed today that for the past three years Burpee seeds I find at garden centers and nurseries end up being blogged about. So, I guess this is the 4th Annual Burpee Seeds post, which probably makes this more of a Burpee Seed Watch by now. In last year’s Burpee Seeds at Home Depot post I pointed out how the Cypress Vine labeled Burpee seeds were what most people call Cardinal Climber. I’ve never grown Cardinal Climber, but I have grown Cypress Vine and it is my absolute favorite climbing vine to grow in the garden. The first time I saw what I know to be Cypress Vine labeled as Cardinal Climber by Burpee I thought it had to be an error, then I thought; “Who am I to question a seed giant like Burpee?” But then I came across these two seed packets at Menards and I was again left scratching my head. I purchased these two packets of Burpee seeds at Menards. The one on the right is packaged as an heirloom and the one on the left is just a regular packet. They're both the same weight and price and seem to use the same photograph. The "heirloom" packet lists Cypress Vine and Cardinal Climber as the common name. I know that common names vary from region to region and from person to person. A Google search for "Cypress Vine" will result in page after pages of results discussing (or picturing) the Cypress Vine I grow . Similarly, a search of Ipomoea quamoclit , the botanical name listed on the heirloom package, will return results for Cypress Vine. Do a search for Cardinal Climber or Ipomoea stoleri or Ipomoea x multifida and you’ll get results for Cardinal Climber, the plant pictured on these two seed packs. Park Seeds sells the vine pictured in these two seed packets as Cardinal Climber Ipomoea x multifida . So, what is up with the Cypress Vine sold by Burpee? Was there a name change that I haven’t been able to find or is this an error on Burpee’s part? I don’t think an error like this would’ve gone unnoticed by gardeners who are sticklers for properly identified plants. To most gardeners this probably doesn’t matter but I’m a seed nerd who likes to know what he’s buying and things like this keep me up at night. Most of my seed purchases are done in local big box garden centers and nurseries since they’re what are conveniently available. Being far more familiar with Home Depot, Menards, WalMart, Kmart and Lowe’s than I usually care to admit , I know there are differences in prices for just about everything. The same can be said for seed packets and if you look, you can save yourself a few cents. Here are two Burpee seeds packets, both for Cosmos Seashells Mix. The seed packet on the right was purchased at Menards where all the seeds were on sale. After the “sale” price was taken into account it came out to $1.07 before taxes. The seed package on the left came from Walmart’s garden center and retailed for $1.00 before taxes. What makes the Cosmos seed packet from Menards more expensive? The bilingual labeling?&nbsp; The pricing was the same at Kmart with Walmart beating both retailers even taken into consideration their "sales." It isn’t just the pricing; the size of the selection varies at these garden centers and nurseries. Kmart’s Burpee seed display is downright pitiful. Home Depot didn’t have their Burpee display out but it is usually a small island. The selection seemed to be larger at Walmart with Menards coming in a second. This is the first year that I visited Lowe’s in my seed buying adventures, and while the display wasn’t as large as Walmart’s or Menards’ the selection looks to be different. They carry the Burpee Signature series, which is a blue seed packet that I’ve never seen before. The varieties of seeds look to be fancier, like the name implies, I couldn’t resist picking up some seed packets of Viola Blackjack. The prices are higher, with no “sale” when I visited, but for premium seeds I don’t mind paying a few cents more. If you’ll be buying Burpee seed at either of these locations visit them all and compare the prices and varieties before making your final selection. Burpee Blacklist? When I discovered I had an interest in gardening the first seed company I became aware of was Burpee. I’m not sure if I made the connection myself or if it was as a result of knowing older gardeners at the time who were from generations of Burpee seed buyers. I came into gardening wanting to be a Burpee costumer.&nbsp; The first seed catalog I ever requested, 12 years ago now, was a Burpee seed catalog. Over the years I’ve requested one off and on. The odd thing is that the darn seed catalog never comes. I don’t know if I have mailman stealing my seed catalogs or if I’m on the seed catalog equivalent of a “No-Fly” list.&nbsp; In January one Email led to another and I ended up exchanging Emails with Kristin Grilli, who is in charge of public relations at Burpee. She couldn’t have been nicer and more accommodating, even offering me the opportunity to speak with George Ball, Chairman of Burpee. In the same Email she informed me that she was going to have a Burpee and Cook’s Garden seed catalog sent out to me and that I would have it by the next week.&nbsp; I know I’m late for the Golden Age of Burpee’s seed catalog, but I wouldn’t be honest if my heart didn’t flutter at the thought of holding a seed catalog that I’ve longed for since I was in my late teens &amp; early twenties. I didn’t take Ms. Grilli up on her offer to interview Mr. Ball because wanted to look through the catalog and do some research first. Every day since that Email I’ve walked out to the mailbox like an old spinster thinking this would be the day a letter from the one that got away would arrive. I even checked the mailbox on Sundays because you never know with Chicago mailmen. It has now been over a month and no sign of the Burpee seed catalog, I’ve waiting 12 years I’m not sure how much more of this I can take. I’m now convinced that I’m on some kind of list for bad gardeners. &nbsp; Seed Starting Tips. Read these previous posts if you're looking for seed starting information and tips. Seed starting in plastic soda bottles Seed starting in plastic baggies Seed starter pots from news paper Home made seed pots Paper tube seed pot holders Update: The morning after I published this post I&nbsp;received a call from Ms Grilli who was calling me to make sure she had my address correct because she was going to overnight me the catalogs that hadn't arrived. Thanks for going through the trouble Ms. Grilli, like I said it wasn't necessary, but I do appreciate it. Here is what came this morning. The Burpee seed catalog, which is more awesome &amp; wet than I could imagine thanks to lazy postal workers, the Cook's Garden seed catalog, a nice catalog with an interesting selection of fruits, veggies and herbs. Finally, The Heronswood catalog which seemed to escape the water/snow damage caused by the mailman throwing the package onto the snowy stairs. On the cover of the Heronswood catalog is a black hellebore ('Onyx Odyssey') that is out of this world. I've been on the Heronswood site before but haven't really paid it much attention, but looking through the catalog I can see I'm going to have to change that. I can't stop drooling over the Heronswood catalog while I wait for the other two to dry out. In the comment of the post Nathan gave his theory as to why the seeds with the Walmart label (above) were less expensive than the ones bought at Menards. He got me curious so I opened the packets of seeds to compare them. Do you see a difference in the quality of the seeds? Chicago Garden MrBrownThumb my blog about indoor & outdoor gardenin. I provide a feed people who are interested in gardening & following my blog. Re-publishing of my feed & my original content on another website/blog without my expressed written consent will cause me to release the flying monkeys. http://mrbrownthumb.blogspot.com I was recently given these two books to review on my garden blog and wanted to share them with you. The links below will be to Amazon where you can purchase them and if you buy them from me I'll get a small commission on the sale. It is a good way of supporting this garden blog if you find it useful. Grow Your Own Drugs and Grow Great Grub: Good garden books for beginner gardeners. Ever since I first visited the medicinal plant garden in Chicago I've wanted to create a garden where I could grow many herbs, annuals and perennials that are used in alternative medicines. The idea of being able to create all-natural remedies from ingredients I'd grow and harvest right in my own garden really appeals to the urban homesteader inside me. It is a shame that with every successive generation we move further and further away from growing pharmacies in our gardens like our ancestors did, heck our grandparents did. When I heard of the BBC Two documentary series, Grow Your Own Drugs , by ethnobotanist James Wong that has him trying natural remedies on members of the public, I wished it aired here in America. It hasn't been picked up or copied by American broadcasters but fortunately his book, Grow Your Own Drugs , is being published in America this month and I've got my hands on a copy of this international best-selling book. Grow Your Own Drugs isn't as nefarious as it sounds, it is all perfectly legal stuff and just teaches you how to use the various healing properties of many plants that you can grow in your own garden. This book is set up like a cook book with a list of ingredient and equipment (mortar and pestle, glass jars-simple things you probably already have) that you'll use often and should have on hand. Nothing seems terribly expensive and can be found at your local home goods store and health foods store. Grow Your Own Drugs teaches you how to make things like teas, creams, lotions, balms, gargles and cough syrups for common ailments from plants you can grow in your garden. It guides you through creating natural remedies for things like digestive disorders, skin complaints, aches &amp; pains and "female problems." The 60+ recipes are easy to follow and most consist of only a handful of ingredients. If you don't have a lot of space for growing the plants that make up the ingredients you stick to growing the Top 10 medicinal herbs and source the others from places like your local farmers market, health food store or a regular grocery store. The last third of the book lists the Top 100 medicinal plants by fruit, vegetables, trees &amp; shrubs, roots, herbs and flowers and leaves. The suggested plants section contains some information on growing but it mostly lists the beneficial properties of the plants and the growing conditions and times of years you could forage for them. With a few exceptions, the majority of these plants are plants you can find in your local garden center or grow from seed. Now that I know that lady's mantle can be made into a salve to stop bleeding in cuts and wounds or to ease itchy skin I'm going to have to stop letting the dogs pee on my plants. Grow Your Own Drugs is a pretty cool book and one I'd recommend to gardeners who would like to dabble with making their own remedies for common ailments or who like to grow productive gardens. It is published in the U.S by Reader's Digest and retails for $19.95 Growing your own food. Grow Great Grub: Organic Food from Small Spaces is Gayla Trail's second book. It is a beautifully produced book on edible gardening, perhaps the most beautifully done book on the subject I've ever seen. Grow Great Grub is filled with information and tips on composting, seed starting, suggestions on which vegetables, herbs and edible flowers you should grow, what vegetables, herbs and flowers you should grow based on the site conditions of where you plan on vegetable gardening. There are even recipes to help you prepare dishes so that you use the crops your garden produces. For crafty gardeners or people who aren't afraid of small DIY gardening project Gayla included a few like the upside down tomato container. If you have ever been on the You Grow Girl garden blog or the gardening forum you've no doubt noticed Gayla's trademark graphic design style. The design of Grow Great Grub is very much like that of the garden blog and gardening forum. Curling up with her latest book feels like you're curling up with the You Grow Girl site, without your lap getting hot from the overheating laptop. Grow Great Grub is a beautiful vegetable gardening book filled with good gardening information and inspiring photos that makes vegetable gardening look stylish and affordable to younger gardeners and those of us without huge gardening budgets. This is a great vegetable gardening book for people in urban areas who only have small spaces like balconies, decks, porches or rooftops who want to get into growing some of their own food. It is written in a casual and fun style that new gardeners will be able to relate to and understand. If you want to be an urban farmer or urban homesteader pick up a copy of Grow Great Grub , it is the only vegetable gardening book you'll need for a couple of years. It is published by Clarkson Potter and retails for $19.99 There is some overlap in the plants you can grow for these two books. Buy both of them and you can create a sustainable-themed garden that you can use to feed and heal yourself. Chicago Garden MrBrownThumb my blog about indoor & outdoor gardenin. I provide a feed people who are interested in gardening & following my blog. Re-publishing of my feed & my original content on another website/blog without my expressed written consent will cause me to release the flying monkeys. http://mrbrownthumb.blogspot.com Earlier this week I was invited by Mike Nowak to be a guest on his Chicago gardening radio show. Being a regular listener of the show I was excited about the opportunity, but really scared. It is a weird feeling to be asked to come around from behind the computer and be "MrBrownThumb" in person. The first time that happened I had the benefit of going in with other garden bloggers and it feeling like someone had my back. Part of the reason I don't like to do it, besides people not asking regularly, is that I'm not sure the "MrBrownThumb" shtick translates outside of blogs and 140 character tweets. So, after being invited to be on the radio show I quickly had to improvise another security blanket to help me cope with the stress. I asked Mike if I could bring my laptop in and perhaps incorporate Twitter into the segment. He agreed and this morning I headed down to the radio station extra early. I got there so early for my segment that I&nbsp; had time sit down to read Waking Up in Eden and was a couple of chapters in when Mike's producer came running into the room I was waiting in and said I was up. The next thing I remember I'm sitting in a studio with a microphone in my face and my fingers tapping at the keys of my laptop posting something on Twitter. Mike introduced me as something to the effect of the King of Twitter (honestly, I can't remember exactly what he said) to which I replied that I was the Court Jester and that Ron Wolford, having way more followers, deserved the title. The rest of the half-hour segment is as much of a blur as how I got into the studio and into the seat but I was fortunate to once again have gardeners who had my back. Several garden bloggers and gardeners on Twitter were listening to the show and they became part of the live radio show. Here is a list of those that tweeted at me during the segment: Xanboni The Yarden&nbsp; Alexander_Roman MySkinnyGarden HoneyCoop UrbanGarden (The King of Horticulture and Social Media) FineDiving Kiss My Aster NSandlin&nbsp; JPirovano TomNTMJ Even some gardeners outside of Chicago were listening. BG_Garden (Ohio) SJones71 (Connecticut) IndoorGarden-er (Washington DC) Get In The Garden (Western NY State) If you're looking for a fun bunch of people to follow on Twitter give these tweeple a follow. If you don't do Twitter visit their Twitter account any way and check out the profile links because many of them are gardeners and bloggers too. My favorite part of the segment was seeing some of them get a kick out of hearing their names said on the radio. Garden Corporate Shill The one part of the show that wasn't a blur was talking about how I like to blog about seed saving and seed starting. Right after that Mike asked me if I had started my seeds yet. I answered that I hadn't because I had yet to check out what the "big box" stores were carrying. I said this right as he was segueing into a commercial for a local garden center that, get this, had their seed supplies ready for customers. Did I really go on "Chicago's Progressive Talk" on a gardening radio show with lots of local gardening sponsors and mention that I shop at "big box" stores? Yes, yes I did. After the show I had almost convinced myself that I hadn't committed such a fabulously idiotic faux pas. I had almost talked myself into believing it hadn't happened but then I checked my phone and saw a message from a gardener who noticed that I gave an unintended shout-out to the "big box" garden centers. At least @TheYarden benefited from hearing about Sid's Greenhouse and said she was going there to shop . Maybe that will balance out my karma. Why I like Twitter&nbsp; I know Twitter isn't for everyone and not everyone will "get it" but I really like it, for now. Besides it being a place where I can get the validation my parents never gave me as a child, I think it is as great place to meet fellow gardeners. As I mentioned on the show; I like how I was able to connect the Cook County Master Gardeners with Renee's Garden and seeing the donation of 500 seed packets she made to them. Twitter made that possible.&nbsp; I hope the interactions that Mike had during his radio show with gardeners on Twitter propel him to add social media into the programing. I know sometimes when I'm listening to him &amp; Beth Botts I feel the urge to chime in but don't feel like picking up the phone. Being able to send a quick question or comment to the show would be great. Plus, there's the ability to tap into a national audience that could be listening online like those gardeners from outside Chicago were doing today. We may not all live in the same gardening Zone but we all speak plants. I'm grateful to Mike and his crew for being so nice and for the opportunity to be on the show. It was scary but it was a lot of fun and now I wish I had a radio show all of my own. :0) You can listen to The Mike Nowak Show on WCPT 820 AM in Chicago on Sunday's from 8-10AM. It is always informative for gardeners and really funny. He has a regular column that runs in Chicagoland Gardening magazine that you should check out. Visit MikeNowak.Net and poke around his website to learn about his articles, lectures and performances. Podcasts of his show can be found here (the February 7th show is the one I'm in). Oh yeah, and support those local advertisers too. Thanks for going on The Mike Nowak Show with me. Chicago Garden MrBrownThumb my blog about indoor & outdoor gardenin. I provide a feed people who are interested in gardening & following my blog. Re-publishing of my feed & my original content on another website/blog without my expressed written consent will cause me to release the flying monkeys. Over on the www.GardenBloggers.com blog I announced a project called GROW, for active, personal garden blogs. What we'll be doing is gathering a number of garden bloggers within the U.S to grow the same climbing nasturtium seeds provided to us by the online seed catalog, Renee'sGarden. Throughout the growing season the participating garden blogs will be posting updates about the project and sharing their experience and tips growing the same seeds in their garden. The idea behind the GROW project is to create a sense of community among garden bloggers who may only know each other online by getting them to share the same plant. We have a few spaces left, so if you'd like to participate check out http://grow.gardenbloggers.com and read the details about the project and see if you'd like to participate. Unfortunately, space is limited so it is being restricted to active garden blogs, that means garden blogs that are regularly updated. Blogs for or by garden businesses are not&nbsp;eligible&nbsp;at this time because we have a small amount of the nasturtium seeds to distribute to the participating garden bloggers. If you're an active garden blogger and can commit to posting once a month and sharing pictures, video and text about how your plants are growing in your garden don't hesitate to sign up. Curious? Visit http://grow.gardenbloggers.com to read the details and see what garden bloggers are already signed up to participate. On a related note... over my Chicago Garden blog I've got a couple of seed posts that maybe be useful. Check out: Hybrid Garden Seeds are not the Enemy&nbsp; The Boycotting of Monsanto Seminis Seeds White House Veggie Garden Inspires African-American Gardeners, Seed Company Hopes to do the Same. If you're in the Chicagoland area voting for One Seed Chicago is still open. Vote for your favorite of the three candidates and they will send you seeds of the winning plant to grow in your garden. Chicago Garden MrBrownThumb my blog about indoor & outdoor gardenin. I provide a feed people who are interested in gardening & following my blog. Re-publishing of my feed & my original content on another website/blog without my expressed written consent will cause me to release the flying monkeys. Voting is now open for www.OneSeedChicago.com . If you have never participated in One Seed Chicago before, it is really easy to do. NeighborSpace, Chicago's land trust for community gardens and GreenNet Chicago choose three plants. Gardeners like you and me vote for their favorite. The one that gets the most votes is the "winner" and celebrated all season long and we're giving seeds (for free) of the winner to grow. The seeds for the winning plant are mailed out to everyone in the Chicagoland area who voted and you can plant them in your garden, windowsill, balcony, container garden or a community garden if you don't have land to garden on. This year's candidates are: Bee Balm, Nodding Allium and Purple Coneflower. Visit www.OneSeedChicago.com to familiarize yourself with the three plants up for voting and vote for your favorite. This year three native/prairie plants were chosen to help educate Chicago gardeners about the benefits of growing native and prairie plants in our gardens. Native plants once established require less water, are resistant to diseases and pest and attract beneficial insects to your garden. Last year One Seed Chicago gave away 10 thousand green bean seeds to gardeners and classrooms around Chicago. My nephew's class grew them and I saw how they got him interested in learning about growing food. Recently, I decided that I wanted to become more active in my community and one of the things I wanted to do was help inspire other people the way my nephew was with those bean seeds. I contacted NeighborSpace and volunteered my services and here I am. I changed the Google Page they were using to a blog, so that participants of One Seed Chicago could have a place to gather and communicate. When you visit the site make sure to become a member by following the blog with your Google, Twitter AIM or OpenID account or subscribe to the feed. Check out the events of where you can vote in person for your favorite seed. Voting will close on April 1, 2010 and the winner will be announced at the Green &amp; Growing Fair at the Garfield Park Conservatory on April 24, 2010. You don't have to be an experienced gardener or even have a garden. You just have to want to help beautify Chicago by planting more gardens. If you have a blog or a website, consider making a post about One Seed Chicago. You can get graphics for the blog post here along with images to make a button for your sidebar link to www.OneSeedChicago.com . You'll also find a copy of this year's press release with all of the information you need to make a post. Pick a plant, blog about it and encourage your readers, friends and family to vote for their favorite. Next week I'm going to announce which of the three plants I am supporting and why you should vote for it too. Chicago Garden MrBrownThumb my blog about indoor & outdoor gardenin. I provide a feed people who are interested in gardening & following my blog. Re-publishing of my feed & my original content on another website/blog without my expressed written consent will cause me to release the flying monkeys. mrbrownthumb garden blog . A few days after Bulb by Anna Pavord arrived in the mail for me to review I got a copy of Grow Your Own Eat Your Own by Bob Flowerdew. While flipping through the pages I was charmed by the photography, design of the book and food styling for the recipes. Yes, I judge books by their cover and the whole look of the book is a bit of a shock for someone accustomed to the antiseptic (in a good way) design of books and magazines by Martha Stewart or Organic Gardening magazine. While they contain good information and are aesthetically pleasing, it sometimes bothers me to see hand models with perfectly manicured fingernails and oxford shirts in gardening publications. Where was I? Oh, yes. Everything about the garden (farm?) that's pictured in this book would probably give Martha Stewart a heart attack. An old garden gate leaning against a pile of unidentifiable junk, strawberries growing in tire planters, a backyard vineyard planted in white buckets, missing windowpanes, a ladder leaned against the grape arbor that leans against a dilapidated shed. All of these beautifully flawed vignettes would probably be cropped out of photos or not show at all in most garden books and magazines. In Grow Your Own Eat Your Own the largest photos are dedicated to the chaos of a real garden, one that isn't concerned about the way it looks because the purpose of the garden is to grow fresh organic crops. Who is Grow Your Own Eat Your Own for? Gardeners and the latest urban and backyard agriculture enthusiasts. People interested in a sustainable way of life where they're connected to the food they're putting on their table. While you can find many books about growing your own food they only guide you to a certain point. What do you do with the crop you grow so much of you don't know what to do with besides unloading it on your friends and family? And what to do with that crop that doesn't yield you enough to share with your friends and family? How do you keep all of that fresh produce, fresh? Not many gardening books give you practical advice such as; preserving, canning, juicing or give recipes that make the most of the crops your grow, Grow Your Own Eat Your Own does. What I like the most about the ideas for preserving and recipes is that it doesn't look like you need fancy kitchen gadgets and appliances to make the dishes, preserves and deserts suggested. After you've picked out all of the vegetables and fruit trees you want to grow in your garden pick up a copy of Grow Your Own Eat Your Own so you know how to preserve and produce your grew in your garden. I wasn't familiar with Bob Flowerdew before I received a copy of this book, but the book jacket informs me that he is "Britain and Europe's leading organic gardener." With a surname like Flowerdew it probably shouldn't have come as a surprise, but it did. Other books by Mr. Flowerdew of interest to gardeners and backyard farmers include: Bob Flowerdew's Organic Bible , The No-Work Garden and The Gourmet Gardener . You can read the writeup I did for Bulb by Anna Pavord on my Chicago Garden blog . The links to Amazon are attached to my account. So, if you purchase one of these books by visiting the links above I'll get a small commission. If you like this gard
Hello again all, I join you briefly today to discuss a little bit of Internet security. We all know how dangerous the web can be if you are not careful about what you view and download, so we all take the usual precautions and hope for the best. Well, sometimes the best doesn't happen, and you're left with a nasty virus, noisome malware, or some other sort of security vulnerability. Most users are caught unawares by these issues, and when they realize what's going on, they usually don't know what to do. That's why it's good that there are sites like PCThreat.com out there. I got an email about PCThreat.com a while ago, and while honestly I usually ignore such emails, PCThreat.com actually seemed like a useful site. Every day I hear about peoples' computers getting viruses or griding to a halt under adware, and so often do I hear the scared cry of someone who thinks their computer is about to blow up because of all this stuff. Well, I can usually tell them that nothing is going to blow up, but really, however annoying these problems are, they are usually fixable, and most often preventable. That's where PCThreat.com comes in. They have a really good website that outlines a lot of the troublemakers that are out there in the vast tubes of the Internet. I was looking through their list of " Parasites " and came across some interesting things - such as a rouge antispyware programs that seem to be helpful but are actually dangerous malware programs. Ironic eh? And while many skilled users out there will laugh at this, the fact is that many people don't know the good from the bad on the internet, and fall victim to these kinds of scams. PCThreat.com has information on thousands of these sorts programs seeking to cause you harm or violate your privacy. Of course, when you actually have one of these nasty things on your computer, you often don't really care what it is as long as you can get it off as quickly as possible. PCThreat.com again comes in handy here with instructions on how to alleviate your computer's malware ailments. For example, check out their page on the Trojan.Agent.cbdr trojan. They have an excellent description of the infection and also list in simple terms the danger level and the common symptoms (see the sidebar on the page). Very useful indeed. Everyone loves to browse the web, but it is important to remember to do so safely. Check out PCThreat.com and become more educated today. Every so often, as I wander my way through the myriads of blogs in the blogosphere, I stumble across one that strikes me as possessing a certain "something" that sets it apart from the usual monotone self-absorbed blogging world one is exposed to on a daily basis. Other times, that blog happens to stumble upon you! Recently, I was contacted by a very nice teen who happened to be Spanish and wanted to share some bloggings. I checked out his blog and, although it was in Spanish, I liked what I saw (I am actually learning Spanish in school at the moment, and I'm quite enjoying the language). It's a fledgling blog, but I think it has potential, and the fact that the author contacted me was pretty cool (props to you man!). Really, it all kinda reminds me of when I started blogging... I never really thought anyone would take notice of my blog. However, I spoke to some more experienced bloggers, and they helped me out (thanks :) ). Sometimes, all it takes is a link to get a new blog going! Anyways way, check out the site! HERE is a link for the blog in full Spanish, and HERE is one translated w/ Google to English. Note from the Nerd : Gotta love that name too eh? The best start is a good name :D One of the few problems I experienced in my recent fresh install of Ubuntu 8.04 (Hardy Heron) was the non-functionality of the media keys on my Saitek Eclipse II keyboard. This problem came as quite the odd surprise, seeing as the keys worked great in 7.04 and 7.10. It has always been puzzling to me that a new release can actually take a step backwards in terms of device compatibility... but what do I know? I don't code it, so it must be harder than it looks. Either way, I soon set out to find a solution for this irksome issue I had on my hands. Who would have guessed that salvation came in the form of a Gentoo wiki page ? Nice eh? Well, if you have explored that link a bit, you may note that it is quite lengthy and perhaps just a tad confusing for the Linux newbie. So... I bring you my simplified version! I have taken only the essential steps that were required to get the media keys on my Saitek Eclipse II keyboard working. I am sure that the guide works for other keyboards as well. The first step of this process is find the raw scancodes that the kernel spits out and X interprets when a key is pressed. To do this in a nice, simple fasion, issue the following command and press the keys you would like to configure in an order that you can remember: xev | sed -n s/"^.-keycode -\([0-9]\+\).-$"/"keycode \1 = "/p | uniq Close the window when you are done. There should be an out put left that looks somewhat like so: keycode 36 = keycode 144 = keycode 162 = keycode 164 = The first line isn't actually a media key, so just ignore/ delete it. Now, we must set up xmodmap to recognize the keys and assign them their proper keysyms. In your home directory, create a file named .Xmodmap. In this file, you will enter the appropriate keysysm to match the media key. My file ended up looking like this: keycode 162 = XF86AudioPlay keycode 164 = XF86AudioStop keycode 144 = XF86AudioPrev keycode 153 = XF86AudioNext You can find all possible keysyms listed in the following file on Ubuntu: /usr/share/X11/XKeysymDB. This should now all be automatically loaded at startup. If it doesn't... try: /usr/bin/xmodmap $HOME/.Xmodmap Now that we have the keys properly identified and configured, we can assign them to the actions of our choice. I like to have my keys set up in Amarok, so I set the to their respective functions under Settings > Configure Global Shortcuts. You can also set the keys through gnome by going to System > Preferences > Keyboard Shortcuts. However, in the past, I have noted that this can cause conflict with Amarok, so I usually just leave the keys disabled in the Keyboard Shortcuts dialog (Amarok will handle them just fine that way). If all went well, that should get you full support for you mutlimedia keys in Ubuntu and Amarok. If it doesn't work, then take a look around the wiki page... maybe you will find something that fixs the issue or (even better) inspires you to come up with your own hacks and workarounds :D Have fun! Note from the Nerd: Many thanks to the people who contributed to the Gentoo wiki page I have so extensively referenced in this post! Hello all! I start this summer's posting off with a review of the topic that is on everyone's mind... of course... the new Ubuntu release! Or rather, it was on everyone's minds. Seeing as I just didn't have the time to crank out a review during the entire post-release-blog-all-you-can-about-Ubuntu hype fest, I bring you my review now and hope that it reaches just a few of you out there. Let's get started. Installation What can I say, I love Ubuntu installations! As with most previous releases, Hardy Heron comes on a nice LiveCD through which you can dip your toes into Linux and decide whether or not to take the plunge. As for me, I've done my fair share of dabbling, so I tend to just boot up the CD to see if the preliminaries work (wifi, sound, video(ish), etc). With Ubuntu, there is a great probability that a large percentage of your hardware will be detected (if not, as in many cases, all) and configured properly right off the bat. On loading the CD, you have the choice to try the "Try Ubuntu Without Making Any Changes to Your System", go straight to the install, boot normally, check the CD for defects, or test memory. Choosing the "Try Ubuntu Without Making Any Changes to Your System" will get you into the nice LiveCD mode. From there, you can test out your internet connectivity and check and see if your basic hardware has been detected. Clicking the installer icon on the desktop will start the installer. The installer is excellent as usual, and even the unassuming Linux newbie can figure out what to do. Most of the process consists of the standard language/ time/ user/ password setup. The installer also features an assistant to help import your bookmarks and other preferences from older versions of Ubuntu or other operating systems. My favorite part of Ubuntu's installer continues to be the integration of the nice gparted disk partitioner GUI. It really makes a difference seeing how the hard drive is layed out. Other distributions like openSUSE don't have this nice visual aid and can be confusing. Ubuntu really has it figured out. In its entiretity, the install was amazingly simple. The total install time on my AMD 3700+ system was about half an hour (about 10 min of which were spent messing w/ my partition scheme). First Impressions and Usability Usually, this is the time when I grip about how ugly Ubuntu looks... but honestly.. why bother? I can theme it all I like, and quite seriously, Ubuntu has a much more refined look than any other distribution I have ever come across. I'm actually kinda warming up to the whole brown-orange theme. In Hardy Heron especially, I find it to be tastefully done and altogether not all too obtrusive. Ubuntu scores big again on hardware support in Hardy Heron. All my devices worked and required practically zero configuration. The exceptions to this are my wireless connection (rate set at 1MB/s on startup) and the media keys on my Saitek Eclipse II keyboard. I'll discuss my solutions to these problems in upcoming posts. Media support is great again too. The helpful codec installer gets you all the plugins and codecs you need to jam to your favorite mp3s and ogle at your beloved DVDs. I immediately installed Amarok, seeing as it is the single best media player in existence and greatest thing since pre-compiled kernels (aka good stuff). Not sure what else to say... everything just worked :-) Compiz can be simply enabled after installing the nvidia driver through the restricted driver manager and provides several levels of desktop-effects goodness. Overall Overall, Ubuntu 8.04 (Hardy Heron ) is another great release in the Ubuntu line, and surely deserves the prestigious "LTS" (Long Term Support) title that accompanies it. So, this hasn't been quite as inclusive as some of my other reviews, but I'll be churning out a few other posts to explain my fixes for my keyboard and wireless issues. I'll also update the review as I see fit (hoping that some more inspiration will randomly come to me). Hope you enjoyed what I did have :-) I'm slowly getting back into the blogging world, so give me some time to re-adjust. Peace out everyone! And remember, have some fun with Linux this summer! Many moons ago I posted about a fledgling project seeking to provide fully open graphics cards and drivers to the open source community, and consequently the world. After some separation from the tech world, I have come back and note that this wonderful project has made some brilliant strides! In fact, it has come so far as to now offer pre-orders for their first card, the OGD1. The road hasn't been an easy one: The OGD1 design has actually been finished for a couple of months now. In that time, we've been chasing a chick-and-egg problem. We can take all the orders we want, but there's as much as an 8-week lead time between when we place our order for 100 boards and when we get them so that we can test and then ship them. It would be inappropriate to charge our own customers until we ship to them. That leaves us with a $60000 bill to pay before we have any revenue, and that's too much for Andy, Howard, and I to float on our own. We didn't want to make a formal announcement for re-orders until we solved this problem. The card will initially be offered at $1500, with discounts of $100 for the first 100 pre-orders. But who is this card aimed at? Obviously the $1500 price tag is a bit high for the performance offered, so those seeking cutting edge graphics acceleration will have to look elsewhere (Matrox?). Rather, the card is meant for hackers and for those wanting to accelerate the pace of open graphics. We often get inquiries about the use of OGD1 as a graphics card. It can easily-enough function as a graphics card, but for most such uses, it is badly over-priced. On the other hand, OGD1 is very competitively priced as an FPGA development kit. We need to make it clear what OGD1 is and why buying one is an important step for Free Software. Check out the full announcement on the project's mailing list or read a bit @ Kernel Trap . Also, be sure to visit the project's wiki . Everyone loves a good April Fools joke, and this year the BBC came up with one which was quite appealing to the Linux crowd. Since I am particularly partial to penguins, I simply must share this video, be it a week or so old now (live with it, you can never see too many penguins). I'll let the video speak for itself: However, the true geek will want to know how this was made possible. Of course, "CG" can blurt out of anyones mouth, but I'm sure there was more put into this than just computer graphics. So, I went off to stroll the Internet in search of some behind the scenes footage. Well, leave it to BBC to make my search easy, apparently I wasn't the only one asking questions after having seen this vid. Here's some great "making-of" footage: But now, what would a great joke be without a parody on it? Leave it to digg to share the most random stuff on the Internets... I recently found this rather nice Linux-themed "improvement" on the original video: I particularly enjoyed the music on this one. It is well made, almost as though it were always meant to be a Linux commercial. Well, I hope that these penguins have brightened your day as they have mine today (and for that matter the other 5 days I have watched this vid). Recently, my trusty 2GB Corsair Flash Voyager died on me when it's head suddenly popped off as I was attempting to use it. It was one of those moments where your whole life just flashes before your eyes... Ok, so maybe it wasn't that bad, and, like all bad things, this rather tragic incident had a quite enjoyable bright side! Namely, I got to buy a new flash drive! Yes, the nerd inside of me is still alive and kicking. I decided to go with the same brand/ model because it had been so good to me for the years of its service, with one "small" upgrade... 4x times the storage :-) Yup, that is 8GB of flash memory goodness in my pocket. Great stuff really, I got it off the 'egg for just $40! That's how much the 2GB model cost a few years ago! It is really crazy how much flash memory prices have gone down. As one usually is when receiving new hardware/ gadgets, I was rather excited when the drive shipped just 2 days later (I love you newegg). I popped it in my computer and received an interesting surprise. Instead of nautilus opening up, I was greeted by gtkpod. Apparently, the drive was being recognized as a "Digital Audio Player." Annoyed, I set off to find a solution to my problem. Sadly, forums were not much help, but finally I found a post far back in the Ubuntu support forums that quelled my need for an answer. According to Bug #90286 on launch pad, I was not the only one experiencing these issues. Check out the solution @ the Ubuntu forums . That worked for me! Now my drive is recognized as a normal USB disk. I'll include these keywords to aid searchers: Corsair Flash Voyager Recognized as Digital Audio Player IMPORTANT UPDATE: I forgot to mention in my original posting that one of my best friends kindly saved my data for me as my flash drive was dying. Using a complex system of holding the drive in place and quickly maneuvering through "My Computer", she managed to save the most essential of my data. Here's to you! :: CHEERS :: The Asus Eee PC is one of the hottest new "gadgets" making its hype around the internet. The sub-laptop became an instant hit, offering extreme portability, great performance, and excellent productivity. Some would say that the device is just about perfect. Then there are some that want more! And so we get awesome mods like this one from jkkmobile who modded a touchscreen into his Asus Eee PC. Needless to say, this thing is awesome, and extremely sturdy to boot! A HOW-TO is promised soon! Check out the vid @ jkkmobile . 
1. Pepsi announced today that they will eliminate their full calorie, sugary drinks from all schools worldwide by 2012. Students everywhere agreed with the decision saying that while they enjoy Pepsi, it causes them to crash later on in the day. Well, that and all the sex with teachers. 2. Donna Simpson, a New Jersey woman who currently weighs 600 pounds, says she wants to reach 1,000 pounds to become the world's fattest woman. Simpson consumes 12,000 calories a day and wears XXXXXXXL size dresses. In a future related story, Donna Simpson and her flowery dress were rolled out onto the field Saturday as the Yankee's opening day game was canceled due to rain. 3. It was announced Tuesday that President Obama will give an interview with Fox News' Bret Baier Wednesday in an effort to sway some opinions in a favor of his health care reform. The terms of the interview include a neutral interview location, a non-polarizing interviewer, and one extra, batshit-insane Glenn Back incident. 4. In the latest GQ Shia LeBeouf says that his girlfriend and co-star Carey Mulligan is the most talented actress he's ever met. LeBeouf continued further out onto the limb to say that Adolf Hitler was a bad guy, Ernest Hemingway was a great writer, and the idea of world peace is something he could probably get behind. 5. In a recent interview Jennifer Love Hewitt said she doesn't like being single. "Some people get excited about being single. I don't," said the 31 year old actress. Read all about it in this month's edition of Easily Solvable Problems Magazine . High five. Iggy Pop performs during the Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony Monday when his skin sees an opportune chance and finally makes a break for it. 1. In his new book Courage and Consequence , Karl Rove defends the practice of waterboarding as a useful way to obtain information. Rove goes on to say that every suspect was inspected by a doctor to determine if he was safe and healthy. "Yes, I believe you know Dr. Mengele!" 2. A union in Amsterdam which represents Dutch nurses is saying no to patients who believe sexual services should be part of the standard care. The campaign began after a 24 year old nurse complained of a 42 year old disabled man asking her to provide sexual services that other nurses had actually performed. I guess massive, gigantor balls could become somewhat of a disability. 3. Monday on The View , Jessica Simpson discussed ex John Mayer's revealing Playboy interview about their sex life saying that now she feels like "more men are undressing [her] with their eyes." Jessica, Jessica... is it possible to have more than all? 4. President Obama traveled to Ohio on Monday with Rep. Dennis Kucinich to deliver a health care reform speech and urge lawmakers like Kucinich to pass the current measure. Kucinich had previously been opposed to the current legislation, but after the speech said he would take a closer look at the health care bill. Kucinich then fled up into his tree to finish making cookies. 5. Anna Arrowsmith, a female British porn director of over 300 adult films, is set to run for Parliament in the coming weeks as a Liberal Democrat. Arrowsmith was a reportedly a last minute selection after a previous candidate had dropped out. In future news, just weeks after being elected, Anna Arrowsmith has resigned from politics and the Parliament saying that no one should have to be exposed to this much gang-banging. High five. Vice President Joe Biden tells Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad that though the office of Vice President gives him little power, it does give him the power to create powerful electromagnetic fields. 1. A Mississippi school is being sued by the ACLU after they decided to cancel the prom rather than let a lesbian couple attend. "All I wanted was the same chance to enjoy my prom night like any other student," said 18 year old Constance McMillen. Officials at Itawamba High School said they have no problem with lesbians, they'd just rather not have to clean up after their slimy arthropod exoskeletons or mucus releasing tentacles. 2. A Moscow police chief is apologizing after Russian police ordered innocent motorists to act as human shields to stop a robbery getaway car last week. But Russian citizens collectively cheered having finally been promoted to "human." 3. Michelle Bachman's re-election campaign announced Thursday that Sarah Palin will make an appearance at a fundraiser for Rep. Bachman in April at the Minneapolis Hilton Hotel. NASA said today that the Hubble telescope is already pointed there for the amazing opportunity to catch the never-before-seen spectacle of two black holes colliding. 4. On Thursday, Conan O'Brien announced a 30-city tour called the "Legally Prohibited from Being Funny on Television Tour" which would start April 12th. O'Brien will also make a stop at the Bonnaroo Music Festival this summer and serve as emcee on the main music stage. In other news, NBC negotiators were miraculously able to retain Chuck for a 4th season. 5. A surprising NPD Group report shows that in February video game sales fell 15% despite the release of major game titles. Gamers, however, expect the numbers to climb again as across the country millions of them emerged from a yearly, month-long shower and returned to their living rooms to unpause Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 . High five. 1. 80's heartthrob Corey Haim died Wednesday at the age of 38 after reportedly suffering a drug overdose. Haim starred in hit movies such as Lucas and The Lost Boys , and a few networks have begun pre -production for a TV movie based on his life. After possessing another person's body to tryout, Haim was disappointed to find he couldn't get cast in that either. 2. Bank of America has announced that they will soon not allow debit card holders to overdraft their accounts. The move is in anticipation of new federal regulations which limit overdraft fees. But if American ingenuity has taught us anything, it's that US citizens will find new and more efficient ways to spend money they don't have. 3. The makers of Barbie announced they will be creating dolls based on characters from the show Mad Men . Characters Don Draper, his wife Betty, Roger Sterling, and office bombshell Joan Holloway will all be featured characters in the first batch. In the spirit of maintaining historical accuracy, female dolls will feature black eyes and no lip. 4. Best Buy unveiled a line of 3D televisions on Wednesday they hope will allow them to cash in on the 3D phenomenon started by James Cameron's Avatar . But analysts are unsure whether the 3D craze will really amount to anything. Still it may be a safe bet for Best Buy, because they can always tell their shareholders it looks like the customers' money is coming right at them. 5. As part of a BBC documentary, researchers ran an experiment to see if an "underwear bomb" could in fact bring a plane down , as was the plan of the unsuccessful Christmas Day bomber in Detroit last year. The researchers found that the underwear bomb would not have done any harm to the 747. The remaining passengers in line for the bathroom, however, respectfully disagreed. High five. 1. It was announced Tuesday that Early Show co-anchor Harry Smith will get a colonoscopy live on the air as a way to promote early cancer screenings. CBS says the live procedure is nothing audiences aren't used to seeing, especially after millions watched James Cameron get a similar procedure during this year's Oscars. 2. The Academy Awards aired on Sunday and the critically acclaimed Hurt Locker took home Best Picture. The Hurt Locker chronicles a group of US soldiers whose jobs are to defuse IEDs in Iraq, not to be confused with a Bush torture device of the same name. 3. On his show Tuesday, Rush Limbaugh said that if health care reform passes, he will leave the US. "I am leaving the country. I'll go to Costa Rica," said Limbaugh. Upon hearing the news, Costa Rica jammed through the paperwork to change its name to Liberal- vania . 4. On Monday, Lindsay Lohan filed a lawsuit against E-Trade over their Super Bowl ad. Lohan says E-Trade's talking baby ad featuring a " milkaholic " girl named Lindsay was a jab at her. Lohan isn't upset about the alcohol reference, but rather the fact that the baby's track marks weren't even on the correct arm. 5. On Tuesday, Chief Justice John Roberts told a crowd that he found President Obama's State of the Union address critique of a Supreme Court decision to reverse campaign finance laws "very troubling." In a 5-4 decision weeks ago, the Supreme Court ruled that corporations could donate unlimited amounts of money to support the candidates of their choice. John Roberts' appearance was brought to you by Slim Fast. Slim Fast: trim those pesky pounds while you trim those pesky ethics! Slim Fast! High five. 1. Playgirl is reportedly offering Jon Gosselin $20,000 to pose for a nude spread in the magazine. Playgirl extended the offer saying they would pay Gosselin $10,000 "for every inch after four." In future news, Jon Gosselin owes Playgirl $80,000. 2. Friday during meeting with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and insurance company executives, President Obama read a touching letter from a woman in Ohio whom he thought represented what's wrong with the health care system today. Cancer survivor Natoma Canfield's 2009 premiums had increased 25% to $6,075, and in 2010 she was informed her premiums would be increased 40% to $8,496. Insurance executives said they were moved by the letter, but that state of the art robotics have yet to perfect tears 001110100100101001101011011101001010111. 3. West Virginia Senator Robert Byrd today criticized his local paper's editorial page , saying it reads like " barkings from the nether regions of Glennbeckistan ." Oh, silly old Robert Byrd, the citizens of Glennbeckistan can't read or write! 4. On Saturday, Sarah admitted to an Alberta, Canada crowd that she has crossed the border for Canadian health care. Palin has been a vocal critic of a single payer, government run health system she says will birth things like "death panels." Canada does in fact have death panels, but gosh they're just the nicest bunch a death panels you could imagine. 5. On Monday, a day after parliamentary elections in Iraq , the two major parties -- the Iraqi Prime Minister's State of Law coalition and the Iraqiya party -- are both claiming to be ahead as the vote count continues. With results expected Tuesday, no side is backing down and some in the parties are already claiming victory. Claiming victory in an election you may not have won at all? They really have become a democracy! High five. 
I challenge you to try it. This should stop that kind of nonsense. Want a print?   A couple of toy eye balls.Sir Lawrence Olivey-EyeJust because.Also- My goal this week is to start working on more zombie related images.  You love 'em, I love 'em, so why not take advantage of this situation and make more? Sometimes I get ideas that I need to follow through with, even though I'm not sure why.Materials -  One and a half packages of beef jerky ( I ate the other half ).   12 inches tall.I got him to balance for about a minute at a time. Just long enough to take a few photos.This may be the first jerky sculpture on the internet. I couldn't find any others in a quick search. I found a dried beef dress, but nothing else. If it is the first, then goody for me, and I deserve some kind of prize, like a couple of packages of good beef jerky. Feel free to send me some.Edit Feb. 9 - Thanks to Joe for commenting and leaving this link.  This film was on my mind when I was making this jerky guy. 
 I didn't have a lot of studio time today, so I looked for a small project I could quickly finish. I'd done the drawing for this painting about 6 months ago, and thought I'd be able to complete the underpainting in the short time available. After about a week, this layer should be dry, and I'll be able to paint the color layer. I think it should be a nice little painting; I'm looking forward to it. Most of the in-progress images I post here are of work on the final color layer, so I thought I'd show a little window into work on the underpainting (above). Here's the completed underpainting: Tomorrow I'll be starting on a very, very fun project. I'll write a quick post about it in the evening. Jeffrey Hayes In Progress 6 x 11 inches Actually, this painting is done. I won't post final images of it until it has dried and been varnished. It's probably hard to appreciate with this lower-quality shot, but there's a depth and richness to the color that I'm very pleased with, especially the copper, which has become one of my favorite things to paint. I managed to finish it despite the torrential downpours we got here in Eastern Massachusetts; about 8 inches of rain in the last 48 hours - falling on saturated soil from another recent storm. I now have a nice duck pond where my back yard used to be, and water is flowing freely into my basement. However, so far the pumps have done their job, and it's been more of a nuisance than anything else. Others nearby were far less fortunate... mandatory evacuations, submerged automobiles, and all that. Since I barely slept last night dealing with the water, I'm exhausted; think I'll head off to bed early. More progress, and getting close to the finish. At this point, the biggest thing I need to worry about is anchoring the objects to the surface they're sitting on. Objects which aren't properly painted in relation to their context never feel like they have the proper weight and gravity, and as a result sit awkwardly in the painting. And that, of course, just wouldn't do... I wish you all a great weekend. Jeffrey Hayes Work In Progress 5 x 11 inches Here is further progress on my current painting. I really like the idea of building paintings around 2 opposed and unequal groups of objects. It seems to lend the composition some built-in tension and intrigue. I'm almost tempted to call the painting "Culture Clash" or something similar, though that's probably more amusing to me than it is to most others. Jeffrey Hayes In Progress 5 x 11 inches This is the very latest piece I've been working on. I don't ordinarily work on one larger piece immediately after finishing another larger piece, but I'd completed the underpainting for this some months ago, and just wanted to get it done. After this, I'll be working on a very cool project; more on that in a few days. After my recent cancer experience , I got a lot of messages of concern and support, so I thought I'd pass along some good news. Today I had my first physical since then, and overall I'm in very good shape. So... back to work for me; I'd like to finish this one as soon as I can! I haven't mentioned it here in a while, but I have an active presence on both Facebook and Twitter. I'd like to invite everybody who reads this blog to join my Facebook fan page and follow me on Twitter . Thanks! Jeffrey Hayes "Lime No. 2" Oil on panel, 4 x 4 inches (10 x 10 cm) Dimensions with frame: 8 x 8 inches (20 x 20 cm) Available: Purchase Information Jeffrey Hayes "Lemon No. 2" Oil on panel, 4 x 4 inches (10 x 10 cm) Dimensions with frame: 8 x 8 inches (20 x 20 cm) Available: Purchase Information Thanks everybody for all the great comments you've left over the past few weeks; I really appreciate all of them! I'll be sending out my next newsletter in a couple of days; to get it, please sign up here . 
 The wait is over. All across the country, undecided voters have been waiting by their televisions, constantly checking email, listening non-stop to NPR, just to learn which presidential candidate  has earned the Apparent Dip seal of approval. I know how much sway my choice has, believe me, as the author of the world's leading thermochronology themed blog...well, let's just say the responsibility has weighed heavily on my (figurative) shoulders.Apparent Dip is officially endorsing the Obama/Biden ticket. No big surprise perhaps. As someone who reads books, did well in school, and grew up in California, I obviously don't belong to the "real America" I've heard so much about at GOP rallies. I grew up in a decent sized city, which means I lack "small town values" and therefore hate my neighbors, can't stand families, am allergic to hard work, do nothing worthwhile, am a communist, cavort with terrorists, and of course, want America to fail. I am also an elitist because I think issues are complicated and can't always be summed up as one-liners, oh, and I also enjoy reading and non-motorized outdoor activities, which means I am a whiny liberal tree-hugger. Oh, and I don't believe that the term "mothers health" should be put in air quotes or muttered in a snide tone. I care a great deal about my mother's health, and don't consider that an extreme position.On the issues, well, this seems to be a no brainer. I can't think of a single thing that has gone well in the Bush administration, and McCain agreed with Bush 90% of the time. Right now, the university I work at has a football team that has had a rough few years. Really rough, no bowl games, no winning seasons, no big crowds, embarrassing losses, you know what I mean. Much of the blame is laid at the feet of the coach. Would a fan of this team want to replace the coach with someone who thought he did 90% of everything right? Of course not.Add to this the fact that for the first time in my life, I have been inspired by a politician. Now, I don't agree with everything Obama is proposing, and I understand the realities of politics, I know many of his plans will be difficult to enact. They always are. What gives me hope though, is that Obama recognizes and acknowledges that issues are complicated. Obama has even spoken about what a huge problem anti-intellectualism is in America today. Seriously, a politician who isn't pretending to be a doofus. A politician who thinks it is important to be more than a guy "you can have a beer with." You know what guys who you can have a beer with are good for? Having a beer with.On a  serious thermochronology note, McCain and Palin have both made offensively ignorant and anti-scientific statements recently. They both love to rail against government spending on research, even when it is obvious that they have no idea what the research is really for. Remember Palin's rant a
Hey guys, sorry I haven't posted in a while! Rest assured, we'll be back in full force soon. In the meantime, has anyone out there seen this site ? It's totally gruel, by which I mean great + cool. Hey guys! Sorry I haven't posted in a while, but don't worry: With this one, the Short Box is back on track, because it's time to.. LOOK AT MY BOOBS! Ha ha! Not mine, I mean! Wonder Woman's! See, back in the '90s, comic book publishers used to use highly over-sexualized drawings of women to increase sales! Ha ha, can you believe that? Using sex to sell products? That's so wacky! Now that I think of it, they might still be doing it today! But I'm not sure; I haven't read any comics since 1996. Fortunately, I have a stockpile of examples for when I get lonely, and in my experience, one of the worst perpetrators (or worst titillators , ha ha ha!) is Mike Deodato! Some people might remember him from a run on Thor where he insisted on putting Asgardian goddesses in thongs, but he's probably best well known for his work on Wonder Woman , which was even more sexed-up than the standard at the time. But heck, he is the guy who had Dr. Strange "accidentally" astral projecting himself into Elektra's shower once! Ha ha! Get it? He's a dirty old wizard! But anyway, back to Wonder Woman! Don't be fooled by that cover, folks: That might pass for a cleavage shot from Brian Bolland, but it doesn't hold a candle to what you get once you're inside! Oh man! It looks like there's a big arrow pointing between her boobs! That is hysterical! Some of you are no doubt "wondering" (ha ha, get it?) why the Wonder Woman in this comic has red hair and a drooling problem. Well, at this point in "continuity," Diana, the regular Wonder Woman, had been replaced by another Amazon called Artemis. It's sort of like that time that Superman was two guys or Batman was French, and it lasted about as long. As for the drooling, well, I think that was just mandatory. If you ever want to know if you're reading a bad comic from the '90s, just follow the checklist: 1. Lots of hair? Check! 2. Copious amounts of spittle? Check! 3. Shouting about something with tiny feet at least two yards apart? Check! Or you can just look for it on this website! Ha ha! Doing stuff in list format makes it easier to write and easier to read! As you can see, she not only gets Wonder Woman's job, but also her clothes, including a pair of sandals that grant the power of flight and a corset that grants the power to stand with one's shoulder blades totally perpendicular to one's ass. This leaves Diana fighting crime in a fetching ensemble composed of bike shorts, a bra with shoulder buckles, and an entirely new article of clothing I've decided to call Ab Straps . But this issue isn't just about fashion! There's also the hint of a plot to keep things moving along: Artemis is mad at Diana because everyone still thinks of her as Wonder Woman, and so she tries to kill a crime boss and then Diana throws her through a building. That's pretty much it. Oh, except for the part where she's put in tentacle bondage, becuase it just wouldn't be Wonder Woman without that, right? Ha ha! Man! Comics sure were crappy back then, huh? Isn't it hysterical?! And that brings another installment of LOOK AT MY BOOBS to a close, but before we go, since us guys have had some eye candy, here's a little bit.. for the ladies! Ha ha! Crappy comics!!!!! Hey guys! Sorry I haven't posted in a while, but things have been pretty crazy around here lately! Rest assured that we'll be back to our regular posting schedule very soon. In the meantime, here's an idea I had while I was looking over the 93 comments on my post about Wonder Woman wearing a thong. What if from now on, instead of saying something was "cool," we started using the word " Caddyshack " as a universally positive adjective? Ha ha! Wouldn't that be radical? Or should I say... Wouldn't that be Caddyshack ?!?! Rumor has it that back in the day, Brian Doyle Murray and Chevy Chase discussed this same thing happening, and that on a dark night out on the golf course, Chevy sacrificed chances of having an enduring career and a good reputation to make this very thing happen. And now I'm bringing it to you! I know! Sometimes I can't believe how clever and hilarious I am either. But in order for this idea to bring me the mountains of fame that I totally deserve, you guys are going to have to do all the work! Why not start by using it in casual conversation with your friends or in post comments? Then you can email these images to your friends or use them in your sig files on message boards! Isn't that a totally Caddyshack idea you guys?! It's simple visual comedy using found art that EVERYONE can enjoy! Ha ha ha! Check it out! You can use it to express your opinion about baked goods... Or your bowling team... Or even your favorite movie! Ha ha! Isn't that great? You can use it almost everywhere! Just don't use it in reference to Caddyshack 2 because oddly enough, that's not Caddyshack at all. Weird. 
Let me break my blogging break to wish all those who start with month when writing their dates, a wonderful Pi Day as March 14 or rather 3 14 represent the first three digits of the mathematical constant Π (pronounced Pi). The British and the rest of us, however, will have our Pi day on 22nd July (22/7) which is apparently a Pi Approximation Day since 22/7 is not the precise value of Pi So, if you're celebrating your Π day today, have precise fun. Looking forward to approximate celebration of Π celebration in July! :) Some angry 'Moroccan' has hacked the Africa Cup of Nations website after Morocco got beaten by Ghana, the hosts, 2-0 on Monday 28th January 2008. The website, www.ghanacan2008.com and below is the screenshot in case they've fixed it now Update: Fixed the url. Thanks Jeff. The website has been restored now. I've also changed the tooltip text on the photo from "ghanacan2008.com hacked by soyapi, on Flickr" to "ghanacan2008.com hacked. Photo by soyapi, on Flickr" :) With that loss, Morocco is now out of the competition. We all know how physical exercises are good for your body. That is equally true with your brain. Regular brain exercises make your brain healthier. That's why newspapers usually include puzzles to help your brain as you relax during a short break at work or after work. I remember playing the cross-number puzzle which features regularly in The Daily Times of Malawi, when I was young. To win the puzzle game, you fill empty boxes with with one digit numbers (1-9) such that vertical, horizontal and diagonal numbers in the inner 4x4 boxes add up to the sums in the bottom and right-most cells - similar to a cross-word puzzle. Every time I saw a copy of the paper, I would write down the puzzle on a piece of paper solve to it later. I spent my childhood days in Chikwawa, south of Blantyre, and I would look forward to reading The Daily Times and solving a new puzzle whenever my father returned from a trip to Blantyre. But when I started using computers, I slowly found myself without pencils or pens and started shifting my reading medium from printed papers to electronic files. That also meant playing less and less of my favourite puzzle game. I'm sure there are lots of you out there who used to solve this or similar puzzle games but no longer do so these days. Maybe you've started playing Freecell or other computer games and puzzles. When I was learning computer programming back in 1998, one thing I really wanted develop was a program to help me play and solve that puzzle game. The program would also be intelligent enough to solve a puzzle for me. I remember starting to code it in dBase IV :) but got distracted and went on to code other things during my free time. If you're one of those who enjoy solving puzzles that involve numbers, I have some good news for you. You can now play that cross number puzzle game, this time online. I have finally developed a web application that will let you play a game or solve one from The Daily Times, or another source, for you at http://soyapi.com/puzzle New button gives you another Puzzle to Solve. Create lets you upload a new game from the Daily Times or any other source. Solve will give give a solution for the puzzle either created or generated using New You can use keyboard arrow keys to navigate through the cells or click on the white cells to enter the numbers. But that's not all. What happens when you see a Puzzle in The Daily Times and want XNumber Puzzle to solve it for you but you're not on a computer with internet access? What if you want a new game to solve on paper but can't find a copy of The Daily Times around? Well, you can go to http://soyapi.com/puzzle/m via your GPRS enabled mobile phone. Since most mobile phones don't support JavaScript, you'll have to play it on paper. And if you care about the technical details, it's not written in dBase IV. Times have changed since '98. I used Ruby on Rails and little bit of good old C. After almost 10 years, I've finally canceled the Cross Number Puzzle Player and Solver on my To Program list. Now get your daily brain exercise. Prescription: 2 puzzles, 3 times a day! One reason I haven't blogged in the last 2 months is because of my other personal software projects. As Dare Obasanjo once put it on his blog description, "Writing Code Will Always Be More Important Than Writing About Code". I'm therefore pleased to announce that SearchWith version 0.4 has been released and is available at Mozilla Addons SearchWith site : (addons.mozilla.org/firefox/2194). SearchWith is search extension for Firefox, Thunderbird and Flock. It allows you group search engines by service (content type) and search from the context (right-click) menu. Apart from big fixes, this version includes improvements to the Addressbar option especially in Thunderbird. Addressbar option now integrates well with Google's Feeling lucky feature. Another enhancement in this version is that when you search with all engines for a particular service, SearchWith will automatically remember to pre-select all engines under that service, by default. To select all engines or change this back, use the Advanced Search dialog which pops up when you hold down the SHIFT key while selecting a search service on the context menu or when you right-click without selecting any text. Thanks to all those who sent comments, suggestions and bugs. I recently had the privilege of holding and playing with Apple's iPhone. Wow, What an experience it was! It was wonderful to play with the device's on-screen keyboard, iTunes' Cover Flow, shifting photo slides, turning the little animal 90 degrees and the like. What I realised after playing with the iPhone is that there is new paradigm of User Interfaces from What You See is What You Get (WYSWYG) to What You See is What You Touch (WYSWYT). Since Graphical User Interfaces came up with Windows Icons Mouse and Pointers (WIMP), it has been fun moving a mouse beside a keyboard and watching something move accordingly on the screen. Although it becomes a simple and wonderful user experience dragging and dropping stuff this way, it requires a lot of getting used to initially. Novice users have to learn some principles of the mouse e.g. it doesn't work if you lift the mouse in the air. To be honest, we can all agree that this is not a perfect user experience because in the real world, if you want to open a door, you don't move around and click some weirdly named device on one side while watching its effects on another. You push or pull the door open. If you want to poke or slap someone, you poke or slap them . As simple as that! At Baobab Health , we have seen how touchscreen systems are so intuitive to users. No one needs a class to learn how to touch a button on the screen; not even in developing countries. I'm therefore excited to see Apple bringing this user experience to the masses with their iPhone and iPod Touch devices. Of course there have been others who developed Touchscreen systems way before Apple. But Apple's design genius and hype production behind their touch devices have opened doors to more simple intuitive and exciting user experiences. Just hope Facebook's touchscreen slap feature won't be as painful. Tim O'Reilly has written a post suggesting a source code version control web service for Google Gears applications. While reading the post, I was reminded of my what I've been asking myself lately when I started porting one of my open source projects from the Desktop platform to the Web. You see, for desktop apps, SourceForge provides open source projects with download services so that users can download and then install your application. But web applications don't need downloading, rather, support for various server-side scripting languages, server side database access, monitoring tools and bandwidth. The requirements are different. For the non-commercials users, the "Sourceforge for Web2.0" can run mandatory ads on every application and impose bandwidth restrictions. You can then allow developers to run their own ads and provide them with monitoring tools so they see for themselves when it's time to go "pro". That should be workable, right? So far, I haven't heard of any service like this. It looks like Amazon is the only well-known company doing something similar with their web services division where they are providing storage and CPU services. But as far as I know, that's only paid for services that don't include hosting various types of databases and scripting languages, or does it? 'cause that would be super cool! WhiteAfrican has been playing African TechCrunch recently covering creative Africans working on cool startups right here in Africa. Some of the interesting innovators covered that I really liked include: Adventures of Nyangi A 3D Adventure game created by a Kenyan game developer who also created the engine that powers the game. (via http://whiteafrican.com/?p=675 ) Peupe A made-in-africa blogging platform by Kenyan-based Multiple Choices (still in beta) via http://whiteafrican.com/?p=658 iblog.co.za Another blogging platform targeting South Africa (via http://whiteafrican.com/?p=404 ) I hope you'll find it :) bwanji.com A Zambian social networking site Akopo A blogging, chat and games platform by Nino Afrikeo An AJAXy homepage creation tool (via http://whiteafrican.com/?p=673 ) In Malawi, the windmill kid William Kamkwamba is still making headlines even at Digg and BoingBoing . Malawi's The Nation Newspaper of 2nd July 2007 also carried a feature article titled Behold, the scientist from Malawi. The same paper carried a programme by ESCOM, Malawi's electricity company, detailing scheduled power outages running the whole week in various areas. Some outages were scheduled from 05:00 to 13:30 and others from 17:45 to 21:00. Innovators like William have huge opportunities in Africa! At TEDGlobal 2007, participants were privileged to listen to great speakers give their well prepared talks in Arusha, Tanzania. And indeed, you'll agree with me when the videos get uploaded on web that they were great talks. The sessions included both 18 minute talks and short 3 minute presentations by a diverse group of speakers including business leaders, artists, activists, engineers, inventors and musicians. Among these was a 3 minute Question and Answer session where the curator Chris Anderson asked William Kamkwamba questions regarding the Windmill he created for his home in Kasungu, Malawi at the age of 14. Through the Questions with photos on the slides, William told his story which made people shed tears and later, give him a big applause and a standing ovation. In the sessions that followed, William's story became the most cited talk among the talks at this conference. Speakers like Ory Okolloh of Kenyan Pundit , journalist Dele Olojede and Noah A. Samara of WorldSpace referred to William Kamkwamba's tale of invention in their sessions. The picture above shows Ory Okolloh who included the photo of William's QnA session with Chris Anderson from the previous day in her slides. Look out for the TED Talk videos from TEDGlobal 2007 when they're uploaded on TED's website . 
 Reading Bob del Grosso's blog, I saw that fat is a 6th taste . As Bob points out, fat isn't a flavor - it is a taste . I'm reminded of the chart above about Mangalitsa pork, from a Swiss book . There's a nice post here about our Mangalitsa lard . I encourage everyone to compare whatever lard or shortening they've got side-by-side with our Mangalitsa lard, so they can see how superior our stuff is. Besides Foods in Season , Chef Shop is also selling Wooly Pigs brand lard. There's an article about butchery in the Sacramento Bee. It had a quote that stood out: "There are a lot of chefs getting into salumi and curing their own (pork) bellies and curing their own pork jowl, and because of that rising interest in salumi, you have to be fairly adept at butchery," he said. You don't have to be adept at butchery, if you buy your pork from Wooly Pigs . As described in this document , we sell cuts that are ready to be cured, whether by meat processors or chefs. The chef doesn't need to know how to produce a neck or a belly - he just needs to have the money to pay for it. I was talking with Michael Clampffer of Mosefund yesterday and he mentioned that he'd sold some pork to Momofuku, a famous New York City restaurant. I found this blog post that mentioned it : If I had to describe this extra fatty pork, it would be "foie gras pork". If I had to describe Mangalitsa, I'd call it, "pork that's actually worth eating." There's so much hype about pork these days, but most of it isn't worth eating - and that includes "heritage breeds" . The reason Mangalitsa gets so much press is that it tastes fantastic. Other pork doesn't live up to whatever hype it has. Americans are used to ignoring food hype. When something is actually superior, it makes waves. I think the fact that Mangalitsa is incomparably better than all other pork just shows how pathetic pork is now - you'd hope that some other pork would be somewhere close to Mangalitsa in eating quality. Unfortunately for consumers, there's no pork produced in the USA that isn't Mangalitsa that comes close to Mangalitsa in quality. Hopefully Momofuku will serve Mangalitsa again some day. Curemaster Rufus Brown (left) I saw this on the web about Provenance Farms and their Mangalitsa pigs . I got to meet Steve, one of the owners of Provenance Farms , in New Jersey at Mosefund , where he helped to kill, dehair, butcher and process Mangalitsa pigs under the instruction of the guy who trained our processor how to cut pigs, make lardo and Speck and so on . I love the fact that due to the efforts of Wooly Pigs , people across America - from California to Texas to Florida to to Maryland to New Jersey to Massachusetts to Minnesota to Missouri to Washington - are enjoying a new sort of extremely high quality food. I'm very pleased to see non-foodie Americans - the kind who own trucks and live away from the coasts and wear camo - producing this stuff. That tells me that extreme lard-type pork isn't just a fad. Speaking of which - from talking to Rufus, Johnston County Hams is about to finish its first batch of hams, bacon and cured jowl , made from our pork. Mike Sloan and his Mangalitsa lardo The Sausage Debauchery has a post about Mangalitsa lardo . Knight Salumi is about to start making Mangalitsa lardo . I'm going to bet that in 2010 and 2011, American foodies will start to talk about how amazing Mangalitsa lardo is. Pre-sliced Mangalitsa lardo - jalapeno flavor Wooly Pigs has finished its first batch of Mangalitsa lardo. It was made by Swiss Meat &amp; Sausage Company, the company that Christoph and Isabel Wiesner trained . We did four flavors. Inspired by the Wiesners (who export pepperoncini lardo to Japan for sushi), I had Swiss make some jalapeno lardo. I would have done pepperoncini, but I've not had American-made pepperoncini as good as the Italian stuff, and Americans like hotter stuff like jalapeno, so I decided to go for it with jalapeno lardo. It was excellent. The pepper gives the product some "heat". Mangalitsa bellies Swiss Meat can cut Mangalitsa pigs the way they do in Austria, as the photos show. There were no Austrians in the room when they fabricated these parts. It was an entirely American production. People who buy our products and meat are helping to improve America's culinary expertise one bite at a time - because that's what pays for it all. Mangalitsa hams, ready for curing While we were there, a guy who'd bought some feeder pigs from me, Harry Cope, brought one in to have it killed and cut, Austrian-style. He specifically brought his pig to Swiss to get it done that way. He could have gone somewhere closer, but they couldn't cut his pigs that way. If Wooly Pigs and Swiss hadn't taken pig butchery to the next level, he'd be stuck with wasteful Anglo-American butchery . Mangalitsa shoulders, ready for curing In addition to getting hams to cure, Harry will get shoulders, de-ribbed bellies, de-reribbed loins cur curing, fatback for lardo, fat for sausage, soft fat for rendering and leaf fat for leaf lard. Much of that product is going to Mark Sanfilippo - the same Mark Sanfilippo that the Wall St. Journal wrote about , along with Mangalitsa Lardo maker Rey Knight. The fact that Cope/Sanfilippo will get 4 categories of fat - an entirely reasonable thing from a Mangalitsa - isn't normal in America, but makes a lot of sense for a meat processor or a chef. Mangalitsa sirloins Mangalitsa rib-loins So our first batch of lardo finished. It was interesting to see how normal Missourians like the stuff. It was very popular. People immediately got that a little Mangalitsa lardo on a Ritz cracker, or a Mangalitsa lardo sandwich on some sandwich bread, is a fine snack. Slicing it thin - as shown in the picture above - makes it more palatable to people, and really stretches it. I figure we'll have to sell it pre-sliced (a bit like Kraft singles) so that those without rotary slicers can enjoy thinly-sliced lardo. Making lardo requires the butchers to separate the meat from the fat very carefully. Gouges in the fat are undesired, because salt will get trapped in it. The goal is to cleanly separate the fat slab from the meat. It is quite a challenge, because the guy doing the cutting can't see inside the meat. Last Fall, Wooly Pigs sold a lot of Mangalitsa loins. The loins had the fat on them. Some chefs complained that the yields were too low. To get the most out of the loin, they needed to remove the fatback and cure it into lardo. Looking back, I can't believe that we expected them to do that. How are they ever supposed to get any practice doing that sort of cutting and lardo making - especially considering that most American pigs don't have much fat on them, and the fat they have is typically unsuitable for making cured products? I can remember asking slaughterhouses in Washington and Idaho to separate the meat from the fat, so that the fat could be processed. The fact that we wanted special cutting was consistent with the special hogs (very fat, ugly and hairy) - yet they weren't responsive to our needs. The results were a lot of waste. That's why I'm so happy about Swiss Meat - they've taken this stuff seriously. To my knowledge, there's no other slaughterhouse in the USA where you can bring in a pig (Mangalitsa or otherwise), get it killed and cut "European-style" and have them make lardo out of its backfat. It won't surprise me if Swiss kills, cuts and even processes meat-type hogs the way they process Mangalitsa pigs - because right now, there's no other USDA-inspected plant up to the task. Torm Siverson of Pasture Prime Wagyu sent me photos of his first pig . It is astonishingly fat. Must be chefs - look at their shoes. I got an email from Pasture Prime Wagyu 's Torm Siverson about the first pig they killed. They non-butcher humans in the photo are some Florida chefs. The carcass was around 200#. It looks smaller to me in the photos. Torm (r) looking at his work. Given the coloring on the pig, it wouldn't surprise me if it was the cutest piglet in this photo , the little white piggy. Edit: Chef Windus wrote about this pig (and Pasture Prime Wagyu) on his blog . He's got more photos. 
I'm getting used to carlessness. As Mark Twain once said , "Be carless in your dress, if you will, but keep a tidy soul." Or something like that. It's all explained here . Today the FTC announced that Lifelock and the Commission settled claims related to the company's advertising. The action may sound serious and of course the press loves to sensationalize these types of stories. The truth, however, is far different than what the newspapers report. Obviously I'm biased, but judge for yourself... The FTC claims that Lifelock deceived the public by guaranteeing that it could protect consumers from identity theft, even though Lifelock's protection is not 100% effective in preventing ID theft, since it fails to stop fraud on existing credit card accounts. According to Illinois state attorney Attorney General Lisa Madigan: “Unfortunately, there’s nothing you can do or purchase that will protect you 100 percent from identity theft,” Madigan said. “Don’t be scared into spending your hard earned money.”&nbsp; Now Lifelock has never claimed that it could prevent identity theft with 100% efficacy. What Lifelock has promised, and delivered, is a proactive identity theft protection service backed up by a guarantee that if the service fails (as any security mechanism will at times do), Lifelock will protect the subscriber's time and money by contributing the legal/accounting/forensic work necessary to set the record straight. And Lifelock's guarantee is 100% effective in protecting consumers from loss of time and money due to identity theft. (And no one even bothers filing claims about credit card fraud because the banks already cover those losses for the consumer.) And even if the FTC were right that Lifelock is not 100% effective, does that really mean that the service has no value -- that consumers shouldn't spend their "hard-earned money" on it? That would mean that consumers should never buy ANY security product at all, since nothing is 100% effective. Finally, the FTC thought that Lifelock's claims were too strong because we promised to "prevent" identity theft. And yet "prevention" is the promise of most every security product on the market:&nbsp;According to the Symantec Store , Norton Internt Security&nbsp;" prevents virus-infected emails and instant messages from spreading." According to McAfee , its Host Intrusion Prevention for Desktop product will " prevent loss of confidential data by securing desktops from targeted attacks." Experian (when they're not selling your data) also promises to " prevent fraud." This Google channel partner promises that Postini will "Stop Spam. Prevent Viruses." The truth is that the FTC doesn't care whether consumers need protection from Lifelock's ads. The FTC has clear direction from President Obama to demonstrate its dominion over financial services as he campaigns to establish a consumer protection agency, and so the FTC is prepared to enforce and potentially litigate even in cases they know they can't win. Lifelock understood this, and so even though $12 million is a LOT of money, it's nothing compared to what the lawyers will charge over the next 5 years to successfully defend against an FTC crusade. I'm proud of Lifelock's success, its team, and its technology. I'm a happy subscriber, along with 1.7 million other people. I know of no better way to protect my family from identity theft than Lifelock . &lt;-- Friday Afternoon Nathalie and I were really glad we had decided to stay to the end. Saturday was a great day. Benoit Mandelbrot Score: 4 balloons I had so looked forward to hearing the inventor of fractals. Unfortunately, he did not deliver. He sat back and reflected on all his work, with a lot of jargon and an expectation that the audience was already familiar with chaos theory. George Whitesides Score: 6 balloons The Harvard chemist, whose publications are the most cited in the field, presented a talk on the two kinds of complexity -- emergent and stacked. Emergent complexity arises out of systems with many simple parts interacting and a steady supply of energy (the most prominent example is human life, which emerged from the evolution of competing cells). Stacked complexity -- like the internet -- emerges from exploiting predictably functional parts in systems with more and more layers of functionality (e.g. transistors, ICs, computers, networks). This talk should have preceded Mandelbrot's, which might have then made more sense. Sir Ken Robinson Score: 10 balloons As with Raghava KK's talk, we'd have never guessed beforehand from the speaker's bio or the content that this TED talk would score 10 balloons. But Sir Robinson , whose recent book The Element presents his theories on education, elocuted a summary of those ideas with compelling humor and wit. His primary message is that educators should prioritize the campaign to help students identify and ignite their passions, rather than pushing standard, tedious work. Philip Howard Score: 5 balloons Phil Howard, author of Life Without Lawyers , delivered a rousing rally against litigators. It was very well received (way more than my 5 balloons would suggest) but I think it lacked substance and instead merely tapped into mob psychology. Phil provoked anger at trial lawyers by illustrating examples of trivial litigation. But in my opinion he did not provide a balanced view -- even after cherry picking his examples, I think that they crumbled beneath some critical thought. For example, his flagship example was a schoolteacher he met in the woods one day who complained that she was under legal pressure to reverse her late penalty on a particular student's grade. Furthermore, when she wanted to drive two students to an extracurricular activity, the school prohibited it because of The Lawyers, insisting instead that they use a school bus. Imagine that! How shocking that parents will sue an earnest, hard-working schoolmum for teaching discipline, and prevent her from simply driving a couple of kids to a scholastic opportunity. Those lawyers are OUT OF CONTROL!! I don't know the details of the schoolteacher's case -- Howard did not share them. But I do know that in most of these cases where parents seek legal advocates relating to grades, the situation arose because the student -- usually a child on the autism spectrum -- has some learning difference that warrants accommodations in the classroom (such as extra time for homework). These accommodations are exactly the kind that Temple Gardin and Ken Robinson prescribed to standing ovations, not to mention that such accommodations are legally enforceable under federal law. But sadly, teachers who lack experience with learning disabilities sometimes see these accommodations as unfair, coddling, or inconvenient, and choose to ignore them, forcing the parents to either seek legal help or else watch their children unnecessarily fail at school. As for the school bus, I do not want teachers driving my kids around when a trained, licensed school bus driver is available. Do you? I am all for legal reform but let's approach it with balance and reason, rather than pitchforks and nooses. Anyway, here's the talk so you can decide for yourself... Alan Siegel Score: 9 balloons If by some chance this TED Member's 3-minute talk makes it into a video, watch it! It was a very compelling description of how this guy makes the world better by simplifying complicated forms. The world is too complex, Alan complains, with too much fine print. But instead of organizing a posse like Philip Howard, Alan does something practical -- he redesigns forms to be much simpler. This kind of transparency is not only good for avoiding legal disputes, but it's also good for business. The examples he showed were a clear, streamlined, one-page credit card agreement that every lender should use, and the second was a streamlined, easy-to-understand IRS form that will replace a gobbledygook 9-page notice that millions of taxpayers get today. Adora Svitak Score: 8 balloons Incredibly impressive 12 year old girl talks about her views on education. The content is secondary -- her charm, confidence, and eloquence are eery. John Kasaona Score: 9 balloons For many decades in John's homeland Namibia, the local "poachers" like John's father were prohibited from the wild game preserves ("This Land For Use Only By White Persons" read the signs) at the punishment of death. But the locals had lived alongside the wildlife for millennia, sharing a sustainable ecosystem. Under white rule, the game was hunted for trophy and profit, and the animals dwindled to the point where only 20 lions remained in northwest Namibia. Finally the Prime Minister overruled the colonialists and charged the local poachers with protecting the wildlife. John's father, and later John, were among the newly deputized conservators. According to John, they succeeded in restoring the animal populations, with 60 conservancies now operating across the nation. The program is funded by the newly enabled tourism, with surplus profits funding a thriving new school system. The call to action here was to learn from Namibia's example of how important it is to support the local human populations when trying to conserve ecosystems. James Cameron Score: 8 balloons The director of blockbuster films like Titanic and Avatar shared some great stories about his life and motivations. James described his younger self as an introverted sci-fi nerd who, for lack of access to space, resolved to learn scuba diving after seeing such alien life forms on the Jacques Cousteau programs. This was the inspiration for The Abyss, the first film to feature a character completely rendered by computer graphics. Cameron also confessed that he agreed to direct Titanic solely because he knew he could thus compel the studio to send him down to tour the real thing, which he did in a Russian submersible. It was on that trip, as he remotely controlled a video robot through the wreckage, that he first became interested in virtual agents and avatars. Cameron's message was that the most important ingredient for success -- at least in budding filmmakers -- is imagination. And that's what the world needs now. &lt;= Friday Morning Saturday Morning =&gt; Friday afternoon and evening were packed with official TED talks, TED member talks (3 minutes on stage), and entertainment. I'll cover the major stuff here but there were too many short format talks to cover them all. Raghava KK Score: 10 balloons This was the best full TED talk of the day-- a Slumdog Millionaire tale of an Indian cartoonist's coming of age. The delivery was masterful and funny. Watch it now... Denis Duton Score: 3 balloons Duton is a philosophy professor from New Zealand. The intriguing thesis of his book The Art Instinct is that appreciation for beauty is an evolutionary adaptation -- that we naturally find beauty in things and scenes that support our survival or reproduction. For example, he claims that people naturally prefer landscapes where the trees have low lying branches -- the better for escaping predators. Unfortunately his delivery was not up to TED standards. Marion Bantjes Score: 1 balloon A totally self-absorbed artist shares her doodles. Okay so lots of folks liked her and I'm just a Philistine. Still, ick. Temple Grandin Score: 7 balloons An autistic woman, whose autobiography is the subject of an upcoming film , presented her position on education. Temple has turned her intuitive understanding of animal cognition into a successful career improving slaughterhouses, and now she's preaching the importance of reforming education to accommodate learning differences. Amen! Specifically for kids on the autistic spectrum, schools should integrate mentorships, hands-on activities, and on-the-job internships, so that Asperger's kids can "one day make their way to Silicon Valley." David Rockwell Score: 4 balloons Architect designs innovative playground for kids. Crowd goes wild with sentiment. David Byrne, Thomas Dolby and Ethel Quartet Some great music to ease us in after the break. Natalie Merchant Score: 9 balloons Even after David Byrne, Robert Gupta and Sheryl Crowe, the best musical show of the week was Nathalie Merchant's performance of the classic poems she has put to music in her upcoming album Leave Your Sleep. Here's a nice one... "The Janitor’s Boy," Nathalia Crane (1913-1998) Oh I'm in love with the janitor's boy, And the janitor's boy loves me; He's going to hunt for a desert isle In our geography. A desert isle with spicy trees Somewhere near Sheepshead Bay; A right nice place, just fit for two Where we can live alway. Oh I'm in love with the janitor's boy, He's busy as he can be; And down in the cellar he's making a raft Out of an old settee. He'll carry me off, I know that he will, For his hair is exceedingly red; And the only thing that occurs to me Is to dutifully shiver in bed. The day that we sail, I shall leave this brief note, For my parents I hate to annoy: "I have flown away to an isle in the bay With the janitor's red-haired boy." Julia Sweeney Score: 10 balloons Julia Sweeney , aka "Pat" from SNL, is my heroine for writing and performing her theatrical production Letting Go of God (which you can see on Showtime next week ). In an impromptu 3-minute talk, Julia hopped on stage and recounted the birds-and-bees conversation she just had with her daughter. It was hysterical -- if this makes it into a TED video, watch it. Meanwhile you can check out her debut TED Talk from 2006: Eve Ensler Score: 9 balloons The woman behind The Vagina Monologues presented an outstanding reading from her new book I Am An Emotional Creature: The Secret Lives of Girls Around the World . We heard the tales of two young women -- one in an Asian sweat shop and one who was kidnapped by soldiers in Africa. Again, if this makes it onto video, watch it. Sarah Silverman Score: 4 balloons Silverman performed a stand-up shtick with shock comedy that became the subject of much controversy when Chris Anderson himself tweeted how god-awful she was. Later he deleted the tweet and apologized for sending it, but also apologized to TED for bringing Sarah in the first place. Silverman's supportive bloggers insist that she was simply shaking up the establishment, sticking it to The Man by using the word retarded . Now I'm all for shock comedy, and so I laughed hard at her jokes about poop, hot sex and Jews -- for the most part she met my high expectations. But when she mocked dying, retarded kids, she lost me and most of the room. Less polite audiences would have booed off her the stage, but TED still applauded. Now I'll never criticize a comic for making folks uncomfortable or offending sensibilities, but Silverman hurt a lot of parents in there, and (maybe even worse) the joke just wasn't funny . The controversy has fanned many anti-TED flames in the blogosphere, some of which I'm bound to attract because I admit I didn't laugh at one of Sarah's jokes. Apparently the detractors find TED to be elitist and self-important; we at TED don't produce fresh enough ideas, we take ourselves too seriously, and we're too crusty to get Silverman's sophisticated form of parody. The odd thing is that I only hear this from people who didn't attend TED. Really, who has time for this? The Party As usual TED hosted a Grand Party on that last night, which was okay (chilly, crowded and short on food). But the REAL party erupted, unplanned, in the lobby of the Westin, where Jake the Uke player held court among those of us who speculated that there just might be a repeat of last year's Westin lobby sing-a-long. As the hours passed, TED performers of all kinds must have read their tweets and made their way over, joining the impromptu jam session. Robert Gupta of the LA Philharmonic, the Ethel quartet, Louis the flamenco guitarist, Natalie Merchant, soundtrack composer Carter Burwell on the piano, and others joined the fray, riffing off each other's music and whipping up the crowd. At the pinnacle of the party, Harry Shum of LXD (and the cast of Glee) turned the lobby into a dance spectacle (check out the video below). This performance won't make it into a TED Talk video, but if you want to see it, I'm betting that Friday Night at the Westin has now become a TED institution. &lt;-- Thursday Afternoon Friday Afternoon --&gt; John Underkoffler Score: 7 balloons Fun demo of the hand-gesture UI developed at MIT Media Labs that Tom Cruise used in Minority Report. Blaise Aguera y Arcas Score: 8 balloons Very cool demo of Microsoft technology that synthesizes photos in the public domain, stitching together a navigable, 3D virtual street view product (without having to dispatch trucks everywhere). Watch it for yourself.... Bill Gates Score: 8 balloons BIll Gates gave a great talk on the landscape of choices facing us in the energy arena. Since renewables are intermittent, and all the batteries on Earth can store only 10 minutes worth of the world's energy usage, we need to make nuclear power work. Tothat end Gates has funded Terrapower, which aims to make fuel out of Uranium 235, which is far more abundant and safer than enriched Uranium 238. Sergey Brin Chris Anderson interviewed Sergey about Google's changing posture toward China (and you can watch it here ). Sergey responded openly about the difficulty of figuring out what is right to do as China enforces political censorship. "Some say I'm naive. That may well be true -- I wouldn't have started a search engine company in 1988 if I wasn't." However, Sergey wimpily dodged Chris' question as to whether Google found evidence that China was behind the cyber attack. Soon after a Googler came on stage to demonstrate the Nexus One, which seemed uncharacteristically commercial for TED, until the end when Chris announced that Sergey brought enough unlocked Nexus Ones for everyone! Really. Mike Feinberg and Dave Levin Score: 7 balloons The co-founders of the Kipps charter schools led what can best be described as a pep rally for educational reform -- low on content and but high on volume and fun. The Kipps schools target underprivileged neighborhoods, and so far their 82 schools are delivering phenomenal results that have raised the high school and college graduation rates to be on par with national averages. George Church Score: 2 balloons This Harvard biologist touched on many interesting topics, but did so incomprehensibly. He defines life as "replicated complexity" and discussed his work synthesizing molecules that somehow "mirror" organic compounds, but can't interact with the wild. Gary Lauder In the best short-format TED Talk so far, Gary Lauder reflects upon how we might organize traffic differently at a time when we care about carbon emissions. &lt;--Thursday Morning Friday Morning --&gt; David Byrne Score: 5 balloons David Byrne of Talking Heads fame gave an interesting talk about the impact of spaces on music -- how the elements of different musical genres can be traced back to the spaces in which that music was performed, or the technical capabilities of the delivery mechanism (e.g. radio, CD, car boom box, iPod). He draws examples from Baroque, Jazz, Choral and other styles, explaining they differ in their allowance of volume changes, key changes, held notes, musical detail and other stylistic effects based on the acoustics of the cathedral, palace room, smokey bar or other venue. Of course he also shared photos of his grungy basement, where he and his buddies first wrote and performed. Nathan Mhyrvold Score: 8 balloons To combat his reputation as patent troll , the former Microsoft CTO talked about his company's facility for invention, such as an optical scanner that can detect malaria by illuminatng hemozoin (waste from the malaria parasite), or a container that can dispense vaccines but keep the remaining ones cool inside -- without power -- for up to 6 months. But he brought his team's most awesome invention to demonstrate on stage; although it may not be the most practical intervention for African malaria, it is surely the coolest: a laser defense system from mosquitoes! Mhyrvold's machine, which we got to examine up close later in the lobby, was made purely of parts bought on eBay. At one of the stage he placed a fish tank with mosquitoes flying around. At the other end, a good 20 yards away, he placed his gizmo that tracks the mosquitoes through long range infra-red cameras, extrapolates their motion in a computer, and then illuminates them each, as they fly, with frickin' laser beams! To keep the demo going they used low energy levels so as not to burn the critters, though of course that's what the machine is built to do (and Nathan brought videos of the buggers smoking up just to prove it works). Even better, they use two different color lasers to distinguish the genders, so they could choose to kill only the infectious females! (I'm guessing no one would mind if they killed all the mosquitoes, but someone thought up a way to hear the difference and it was too cool a feature not to include.) Legion of Extraordinary Dancers I don't normally blog the entertainment, but the LXD are superheroes. Check them out... Mark Roth Score: 8 balloons Cancer researcher Mark Roth presented another candidate for the It-May-Not-Be-Pratical-But-It's-Cool-As-Shit Award. He and his team studies "metabolic flexibility", the phenomenon observed in rare medical cases where people are dead for hours -- usually in frozen conditions -- and then revived when their bodies are warmed. They hypothesized that our bodies may have some agent that can somehow lower our metabolism to the point where, under distress, we can do without oxygen for hours. The concept of inducing suspended animation is not pure science fiction. Human eggs survive up to 50 years inside ovaries, and plant spores can survive up to 250 million years. The number of cases where human beings returned from frozen death states with no heartbeat has inspired the saying, "You're not dead until you're warm and dead." Some of those cases involved industrial accidents in which workers collapsed after exposure to hydrogen sulfide, and were thought to be dead for hours until they were removed from the poisoned air and "woke up". Roth realized that we have trace amounts of hydrogen sulfide in our brains, and so perhaps this is the mystery agent. Early tests on rodents support the hypothesis, successfully "killing" the specimens until they are removed from the hydrogen sulfide chambers. So Roth's team is now in clinical trials with a drug that would place trauma victims in suspended animation for hours until their wounds can be properly treated. Really. Seth Berkley Score: 6 balloons AIDS Researcher Seth Berkley presented some startling statistics on flu pandemics, suggesting that we are likely to soon see another like the one in 1918 that killed 100 million people. Berkley also presented some promising research on a new vaccine to fight AIDS. He presented a great animation developed by XVIVO to illustrate the mechanism by which the memory cells that develop from vaccines can fight the AIDS infection. Stephen Wolfram Score: 8 balloons With Wolfram's characteristic ego, he launched his talk about "the biggest idea of the century" which is, if I understood him, computational complexity. Wolfram has made his career studying emergent complexity, as documented in his humbly titled volume A New Kind of Science. At TED he presented three things: an impressive demonstration of Wolfram Alpha , his web-based front-end to a computational engine; some background on mathematica, his attempt to build a structured, comprehensive computational engine; and his simulation of physical models designed to suss out those that reflect reality (I think he's basically trying to find the grand unification theory of physics through trial and error). Thursday Afternoon --> Thursday morning was a celebration of reason -- my favorite part of the program. Michael Specter 8 (out of 10) balloons Michael Specter is a New Yorker journalist who lambasted the anti-science movement. He wrote the book Denialism: How Irrational Thinking Hinders Scientific Progress, Harms the Planet, and Threatens Our Lives . "Belief in magic instead of science leads to disease and war." With a passion befitting Christopher Hitchens he ripped apart the movements that oppose vaccination, engineered foods and western medicine. "Science is NOT a company." As a laymen he seemed to carry more credibility than those know-it-all scientists, though he wasn't as eloquent as a Dawkins or a Harris. In a 3-minute presentation, Graham Hill (founder of TreeHugger) reflected on a question he had asked himself last year: why couldn't he bring himself to be a vegetarian when it's so much better for his health, the animals, and the planet's climate? "I just couldn't imagine that THIS is the last burger I will ever eat." So he became a Weekday Vegetarian -- an 80/20 solution. He gets most of the benefits of vegetarianism without feeling deprived. Now I normally don't blog the 3 minute presentations, but based on the hallway chatter here at TED, his Weekday Veggie meme has spread very successfully. In another 3-minute diversion, Jim Daly taught us all about carnivorous plants, like the Venus Fly Trap native to North Carolina. These plants are quite beautiful, and one of them is now the basis of medical ant-bacterial research – it has a compound that kills its prey’s bacteria so that the bacteria can’t digest the bug's nutrients before the plant does. Sam Harris 9 balloons For the first time I got to hear Sam Harris, author of The End of Faith and Letter to a Christian Nation ! Sam's talk today attacked the sacred cow belief that science has nothing to say about moral values. Provocative and compelling, he offered up some great examples of how relevant the scientific method is when grappling with serious moral issues of the day such as economic disparities, pollution, and women's rights. He challenged the ethos of cultural relativity -- some behaviors are simply wrong no matter where you grew up, so we must overcome our fear of saying so. “Do we know enough to judge a father whose reaction to his daughter’s rape is to kill her?” He offered lots of examples. Is it right to apply corporal punishment in school (as endorsed by the law in 21 states)? Science can address this question by examining the well being and educational success of the children blessed with such discipline. “ How did we convince ourselves that every culture has a point of view on morality worth considering? The Taliban is ignorant on physics – how is their ignorance on human well being any less obvious?” One example he offered was, in my opinion a bad one. Science can tell us, he said, whether it’s a good idea for people to believe that the evil eye is watching and punishing us for what we say about others. He slipped here, confusing belief and action – we cannot select our beliefs based on what is good for society, lest you invite a demand for theism – despite the utter lack of evidence of for it – simply because it tricks some people into being good on Sundays. His conclusion: “It’s possible for entire cultures to care about the wrong things. Just admitting this will transform our society… we must converge on the most important questions about human life. We must first admit that these questions have answers.” Nicholas Christakis Score 8 balloons Christakis is a Harvard professor of medicine and sociology, and author of Connected. He studies the properties of social networks such as friend counts, centrality (are you in the thick of the social graph or on the fringe), and transitivity (are your friends connected to each other). In his talk he overlaid obesity as a property to analyze, and learned that obesity clusters in the social graph. If your friends are obese, you are 45% more likely to be obese yourself. If your friends’ friends are obese, you’re 25% more likely. Why would obesity cluster? Turns out that that are three reasons: friends are exposed to the same bad food choices based on their environments; friends encourage each other to make the same choices they make (“Let’s have muffins and beer!”); and people tend to befriend others like them. Elizabeth Pisani Score 7 balloons Pisani is an epidemiologist who studies the spread of AIDS in Africa. Her presentation centered on the hidden rationalities behind the choices people make that spread HIV -- kind of like behavioral healthcare. From afar, it’s easy to dismiss the intelligence and well being of junkies and prostitutes, but a closer understanding of their circumstances yields clues as to why they share needles and engage in unprotected sex. In Indonesia, for example, anyone stopped by the police with a needle will be arrested and imprisoned, so addicts have no choice but to share. Prostitutes in that country earn close to $10 per hour, rather than the 30 cents they would other otherwise earn. Pisani’s agenda is to encourage clean needle programs. In the UK, Australia and Netherlands, where clean needles are available, 3% of heroin addicts are HIV+. In New York, Jakarta and Moscow, where they are not available, 50% of heroin addicts are HIV+. Pisani is particularly frustrated by the short-sighted, moralistic arguments against the distribution of condoms and needles, dismissing the notion that they encourage destructive behavior. "Pope Benedict, if you're watching this TED talk: I carry condoms and I NEVER get laid!" Valerie Plame Wilson Score 7 balloons Wilson is an outed CIA agent who worked covertly to stem the proliferation of nuclear weapons. She explained why terrorism and accidents will likely lead to catastrophic nuclear explosions, and the Global Zero movement to eliminate nuclear weapons altogether. She showed a trailer of the film Countdown to Zero , aired at Sundance and previewed by TED Thursday night. Michael Sandel Score: 7 balloons Sandel is the renowned and dynamic Harvard philosopher, whom I was fortunate to have as my professor for Justice as an undergrad (watch one of his lectures below). To improve the quality of our public debates, he prescribes raising the level of dialogue from the specific issue to a discussion of the fundamental philosophies that underlie the arguments. The example he used was the controversy around Casey Martin's use of a golf cart due to his disability, and the application of Aristotle's philosophy to the question (despite Aristotle's notoriously high golf handicap). The TED talk was entertaining (e.g. mocking Justice Scalia), but it didn't tie together as well as the full lecture presented above, and Sandel was too wimpy to broach the underlying theistic philosophies that underlie arguments against gay marriage, stem cell therapy, and women's rights. Christopher "moot" Poole Score: 6 balloons Founder of 4chan , the immensely popular, anonymous, and often profane chat site. The teenage Poole talks about his accidental fame , and his commitment to preserving privacy on the internet. Kevin Bales Score: 8 balloons This sociology professor founded Free the Slaves , a movement to liberate the 27 million people around the world currently enslaved. Largely an unknown phenomenon, slavery exists in many nations where, for hte most part, bandits kidnap impoverished men, women and children, often under the guise of legitimate employment. I'd have given this guy the TED Prize. Stewart Brand Score: 7 balloons Brand presented the merits of nuclear power, followed by a spirited debate with Mark Jacobson. Nuclear power is clean and doesn't require the huge land resource footprint of solar power (50 square miles per gigawatt) or wind power (250 square miles per gigawatt--although he seems to have forgotten that wind farm land can still be used for agriculture). The debate exposed a lot of numbers and costs, and the answer really boils down to whether you think that nuclear power will inevitably lead to radioactive accidents or the use of nuclear weapons. If so, it's an awful choice but if not then it's a no-brainer. The audience came into the discussion 75% pro-nuclear and exited 65% pro-nuclear. Jane McGonigal Score: 4 balloons Game designer Jane McGonigal asserts that the 3 billion hours per year of computer game play prepares children well for the challenges that face our species. To win today's games, one must face daunting, world-shaking challenges despite awful odds, overcome failure numerous times, and innovate. Nathalie and I topped off the morning enjoying a picnic lunch in the sunshine with Dan Dennett (the world's pre-eminent authority on consciousness) and his wife Susan. Over
 He wasn’t particularly funny on the air. He was certainly not what you’d call “hip”. I can’t imagine him dropping acid with Mick Jagger or Janis Joplin. But he was always one of my favorite D.J.’s. Ron Lundy passed away. For most of the 60s and 70s he was the midday man on 77WABC in New York. From there he spent a couple of decades handling that same shift on Stereo 101 WCBS-FM in New York. What Ron Lundy was was infectious . He was so warm, so friendly, so enthusiastic, so genuine that you just felt good listening to him. And if you were down, you just felt better listening to him. It’s hard to describe “Southern Charm” because few people besides ex-presidents have it anymore, but he did. Ron’s appeal crossed over to all ages. Teens and parents alike thought he was talking directly to them . He was your bud, your kindly uncle, that nice neighbor who paid attention to you when your deadbeat husband didn’t. If Ron Lundy had been on WABC during the MAD MEN era Betty might not have resorted to banging that politician to fill her emotional void. As a broadcaster he was impeccable. Blessed with a rich deep voice he could read copy so convincingly that even I wanted to shop at Korvette’s. I never met Ron Lundy. Didn’t even in live in New York. And yet I feel a huge personal loss. He died too young. He should have at least been 77. Or better yet, 101. So long, Luv. Randy Michaels is the CEO of the Tribune Company. Once a major broadcasting and publishing giant (Chicago Tribune, LA Times, etc.), it is now crumbling like a sand castle. And Michaels, who in a similar role with Clear Channel Communication, laid the groundwork for that empire to collapse. So it’s understandable why Tribune would hire a non-newspaper man to oversee their operation in it's most dire time. Anyway, recently he issued an edict to the news director of WGN radio listing 119 words or phrases WGN newscasters were no longer allowed to say. WGN, Chicago is one of the most respected radio stations in America. I can just see it -- "Mr. Michaels, the editor of the Los Angeles Times is on line one. He can't meet payroll." "Call them back! I'm busy with something far more important! Let me see... "pedestrian". We can't have our newscasters say pedestrian." The absurdity continues as Michaels instructed WGN staffers to snitch on each other if they hear one of these dastardly words aired. " Dan, I know you hired me and rescued my family from financial ruin but you said "at risk" on the 5:30 cast so I just sent a text to Randy Michaels." Oh, the morale must be sky high. So here is the complete list. And then to help guide the WGN news staff I've written a couple of examples of how news stories should now sound. What can I say ? I'm a giver. “Flee” meaning “run away” “Good” or “bad” news “Laud” meaning “praise” “Seek” meaning “look for” “Some” meaning “about” “Two to one margin” . . . “Two to one” is a ratio, not a margin. A margin is measured in points. It’s not a ratio. “Yesterday” in a lead sentence “Youth” meaning “child” 5 a.m. in the morning After the break After these commercial messages Aftermath All of you Allegations Alleged Area residents As expected At risk At this point in time Authorities Auto accident Bare naked Behind bars Behind closed doors Behind the podium (you mean lecturn) [sic] Best kept secret Campaign trail Clash with police Close proximity Complete surprise Completely destroyed, completely abolished, completely finished or any other completely redundant use Death toll Definitely possible Diva Down in (location) Down there Dubbaya when you mean double you Everybody (when referring to the audience) Eye Rack or Eye Ran False pretenses Famed Fatal death Fled on foot Folks Giving 110% Going forward Gunman, especially lone gunman Guys Hunnert when you mean hundred Icon In a surprise move In harm’s way In other news In the wake of (unless it’s a boating story) Incarcerated Informed sources say . . . Killing spree Legendary Lend a helping hand Literally Lucky to be alive Manhunt Marred Medical hospital Mother of all (anything) Motorist Mute point. (It’s moot point, but don’t say that either) Near miss No brainer Officials Our top story tonight Out in (location) Out there Over in Pedestrian Perfect storm Perished Perpetrator Plagued Really Reeling Reportedly Seek Senseless murder Shots rang out Shower activity Sketchy details Some (meaning about) Some of you Sources say . . . Speaking out Stay tuned The fact of the matter Those of you Thus Time for a break To be fair Torrential rain Touch base Under fire Under siege Underwent surgery Undisclosed Undocumented alien Unrest Untimely death Up in (location) Up there Utilize (you mean use) Vehicle We’ll be right back Welcome back Welcome back everybody We’ll be back Went terribly wrong We’re back White stuff World class You folks So here are two news stories told CORRECTLY: In other bummer news today, President John Kennedy was shot and is believed dead but not fatally. He underwent that thing that doctors do when they cut you open and the results were not awesome. The gang-of-one armed homo sapien they think did it – Lee Harvey Oswald – tore ass out of the adjacent book depository as men in blue uniforms with responsibility ran after him, giving it somewhere between 109 and 111%. At the moment we have crude pencil doodle details but the innocent-until-proven-guilty murderer is still in close propinquity. According to reliable no-name people with knowledge, the FBI is lending that appendage with an opposable thumb. Mrs. Kennedy, the mammy of all her children is submerged in the dumps as a result of her husband being untimely whacked. You can drain the lizard for two minutes because I won’t be reading any more news until then. -o- Reports from the U.N. in Ee-Ran have Dee-termined U-ranium eff-orts Bee-lieved U-seable are ex-traneous. Meanwhile, fighting has become explosive and by that I mean things have actually gone boom. For retreating Ee-ranian soldiers, their boot heels have been a wandering since they are car and truckless. Many people were in harm’s crosshairs. The corpse count continues to climb but one non-military looky-loo who survived a near-hit said he’s lucky to still be pre-deceased. The end to the bloodshed is possibly definite but for now army guys with fruit salad on their uniforms say bombers will maintain their over fire. Coming up after you flog your bishop Marcie will have weekend weather including details on what could be an ideal storm. -o- Back from a short trip to Phoenix to perform some Dodger duties. Having covered spring training in both Arizona and Florida I greatly prefer the “ Valley of the Radio Shack on every corner ”. More teams in closer proximity. You can spend your vacation going to ballgames not driving hundreds of miles just to see some split squad game or getting lost in “ Deliverance ” country. And the fact that it hailed the first day, that could happen anywhere. Stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Glendale. The couple in the next room took the word “ express ” literally. Who says Phoenix has no great theater? A crackling hate-filled performance of “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” played nightly in Room 301. (I sided with her, by the way. He doesn’t spend enough time with the kids.) Hooked up with a few buddies – Howard from LA and Mike &amp; Bob from New York. Middle-aged Jews don’t hunt. They go to spring training games and eat less sensibly. Which you pretty much have to since Phoenix is the land of bar food. I don’t think there’s a place in town that doesn’t serve buffalo wings including sushi bars and vegan cafes. There are also gift shops in every restaurant. This is very strange to me. But you can enjoy a hearty breakfast at the Cracker Barrel and still pick out that perfect wedding gift for sis! We dined our first night at the Saddle Ranch Chop House. What really sold us on the place was the décor. They had a mechanical bull! Add attractive women and beers from many lands and there’s no greater entertainment in the west! “Suburban Cowboy”. For middle-aged Jewish guys this was Hooters without the guilt. The Chop House was just one of many fine establishments in the Westgate City Center. It’s as if a developer said, “You know what would look good on this empty field in the middle of friggin’ nowhere? Times Square! And just to give it that real authentic desert touch, let’s put a hockey arena in it!” All that was missing was a guy playing Three Card Monty and another urinating on your shoes and you’d think you were back in the greatest city in the world! Warning: There are freeway cameras that capture you speeding. The fine is a hefty $161.00. I’m told the way to fight it is to claim the person in the photo is not you. Not sure that works in Phoenix. It does in Beverly Hills where most women have different faces then they did two months ago. Good ribs at Famous Dave’s. On Wednesday I got to announce the Dodger game from their spring mecca, Camelback Ranch. It was seen on Prime Ticket in southern California and just my luck, nationwide on the MLB network. What a train wreck… and by that I mean mostly me . First off, I still have an inflamed cornea so I really just have one good eye. I was fine as long as no one hit a ball to left field. I was counting on watching the monitor but because of the glare of the sun I couldn’t see it. They’d be flashing starting line ups on the screen and I’d be merrily talking about something else. Eight years major league experience and viewers must’ve thought I was there because I’d won an auction. Then someone batted out of turn. Well, to be more specific – three players batted out of turn. This never happens. My daughter, Annie said, “How could they screw that up? Isn’t baseball like the only thing they do?” So now I’m on coast-to-coast TV completely confused. Then all the substitutions began and it was like Lucy and Ethel at the candy factory and those chocolates just kept coming down the conveyor belt faster and faster. I may have called a Diamondback pinch runner Diablo Cody, I’m not sure. Steve Lyons, my partner, said in fourteen years of broadcasting this was the hardest game he’s ever had to call. It was surely not my finest hour but still I had a blast. Thanks again to Steve for never saying on the air, “What the hell are you talking about? and the Dodgers for the chance. I look forward to doing another game when runners pass each other on the base paths and a meteor lands on the field. If you do come out for spring training make sure you catch a game at Camelback. Tickets are affordable and new this year: free parking. Would you call that a “ fee nix ”? That’s maybe the only stupid thing I didn’t say during the telecast. “ Happy Ho ur” has two meanings in Phoenix. The standard one (that I took advantage of, downing six drinks in rapid succession after the game) and it’s also code for “ Early Bird Specials ”. The old people who aren’t filed away in Florida are in the Valley of the Sun. And they love their early dinner specials! So if you stop off at a local eatery looking to wet your whistle and order the “ Happy Hour ” special don’t be surprised if they bring you boiled chicken. But you don’t have to be 80 to feel old. Howard and I asked the young desk clerk at the hotel where might we go for a good breakfast (and decorative soaps) and she said at the Westgate there was the “Jimmy Boo-fay ”. What she meant of course was Jimmy Buffett’s Margaritaville. Face it, folks; we’re all “ wasting away ”. During the flight attendant’s safety instructions on my Southwest trip home she warned that there was no smoking in the lavatories and added, “The fine is $2200. And I’m sure if you were willing to blow that kind of money you would’ve flown Delta.” Later on the flight when they were taking drink orders, the skeesix a row ahead of me actually asked for an Arnold Palmer. I know that’s unbelievable but I saw it with my own one-and-a-half eyes. Now you may think that all I did in Phoenix was eat, drink, and make a jackass of myself on television. Not true. There was so much more! I rented a car, I hosted Dodger Talk, and I got vigorously patted down. What a jealous boyfriend! I was just taking a picture of her on the mechanical bull. I don't know how legit these are but who cares? They're really funny. Every year, English teachers from across the country can submit their collections of actual similes and metaphors found in high school essays. These excerpts are published each year to the amusementof teachers across the country. Here are last year's winners: 1. Her face was a perfect oval, like a circle that had its two sides gently compressed by a thigh Master. 2. His thoughts tumbled in his head, making and breaking alliances like underpants in a dryer without Cling Free. 3. He spoke with the wisdom that can only come from experience, like a guy who went blind because he looked at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with a pinhole in it and now goes around the country speaking at high schools about the dangers of looking at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with a pinhole in it. 4. She grew on him like she was a colony of E.Coli, and he was room-temperature Canadian beef. 5. She had a deep, throaty, genuine laugh, like that sound a dog makes just before it throws up. 6. Her vocabulary was as bad as, like, whatever. 7. He was as tall as a six-foot, three-inch tree. 8. The revelation that his marriage of 30 years had disintegrated because of his wife's infidelity came as a rude shock, like a surcharge at a formerly surcharge-free ATM machine. 9. The little boat gently drifted across the pond exactly the way a bowling ball wouldn't. 10. McBride fell 12 stories, hitting the pavement like a Hefty bag filled with vegetable soup. 11. From the attic came an unearthly howl. The whole scene had an eerie,surreal quality, like when you're on vacation in another city and Jeopardy comes on at 7:00 p.m. instead of 7:30. 12. Her hair glistened in the rain like a nose hair after a sneeze. 13. The hailstones leaped from the pavement, just like maggots when you fry them in hot grease. 14. Long separated by cruel fate, the star-crossed lovers raced across the grassy field toward each other like two freight trains, one having left Cleveland at 6:36 p.m. traveling at 55 mph, the other fromTopeka at 4:19 p.m. at a speed of 35 mph. 15. They lived in a typical suburban neighborhood with picket fences that resembled Nancy Kerrigan's teeth. 16. John and Mary had never met. They were like two hummingbirds who had also never met. 17. He fell for her like his heart was a mob informant, and she was the East River. 18. Even in his last years, Granddad had a mind like a steel trap, only one that had been left out so long, it had rusted shut. 19. Shots rang out, as shots are known to do. 20. The plan was simple, like my brother-in-law Phil. But unlike Phil, this plan just might work. 21. The young fighter had a hungry look, the kind you get from not eating for awhile. 22. He was as lame as a duck. Not the metaphorical lame duck, either, but a real duck that was actually lame, maybe from stepping on a land mine or something. 23. The ballerina rose gracefully en Pointe and extended one slender leg behind her, like a dog at a fire hydrant. 24. It was an American tradition, like fathers chasing kids around with powertools. 25. He was deeply in love. When she spoke, he thought he heard bells, as if she were a garbage truck backing up. Thanks to toadking.com for the image In 1961 CBS premiered a prime time game show called YOU'RE IN THE PICTURE starring Jackie Gleason. It was not well received. The show next week was unprecedented. Host Jackie Gleason just sat in a chair and... well, you'll have to see for yourself. Jackie Gleason : "You're in the Picture" Uploaded by werquin . - Discover more animation and arts videos. Here are more Friday questions answered. From rockfish: Being in both writing and sports, do you know why sports has rarely translated into a successfully popular TV show? TV tends to shy away from sports-themed shows because they can be way expensive. At some point you need to see the games and that requires crowds, a lot of production, and MONEY. There have been some attempts but they tend to be too costly to justify their ratings. The worse ever was a sitcom on CBS adapted from the Jim Bouton book BALL FOUR. They did it as a multi-camera taped show all set in the locker room. You never saw them play. It was insane… but cheap. FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS proves you can make a great sports-themed show. I just wish more people watched it. And there have been others. THE WHITE SHADOW for one. I'm sure you can come up with two or three more. M. Shawn wonders: What exactly is the job of a Television Producer? I know what a Director &amp; Writer does, but I'm ignorant to what a Producer does? Unlike in features this is a hazy area. In features a producer puts together the whole package – finds or develops the material, champions the project until the studio greenlights it, hires the director, and cast, manages the budget, and in some cases raises the financing. In television the show runner acts as the overseer of the production and in most cases he is a writer. But then there are the non-writing producers (or “pods”). Here’s where it gets real murky. These are generally former network or studio executives who are given sweet production deals. And studios are now forcing writer/producers to attach themselves to these pods because the studio is paying for these pods. So in many cases these “producers” merely add another level of interference and take part of your profits for the privilege. There’s nothing they do that the writer/producer couldn’t do without them, and has been doing without them very successfully for fifty years. Executive Producer: Tony Soprano. And finally, from YEKIMI: What teacher did you "love" the most...someone in grade school? high school? college? or someone in the industry who may have "taught" you some things you would have never learned anywhere else? The best teacher I ever had was a high school history teacher named David Solkovits. He made the subject come alive and kindled an interest in history I have to this day. Along the way I have been incredibly fortunate to learn the craft of comedy writing from Larry Gelbart (pictured), James L. Brooks, the Charles Brothers, Tom Patchett &amp; Jay Tarses, Gene Reynolds, and Jerry Belson. My directing gurus were James Burrows and David Lee. There’s not a single English teacher I can point to in high school or college who really made a positive impact. But there was a radio newsman named Bruce Anson who taught me more about writing than anyone else. Here’s the post I once did about him. What are you pondering these days? Last week there was some grumbling that I didn't answer enough Friday questions. So this week I'm devoting two days to your questions. More answered manana. Jeff gets it started. We are big Frasier fans, but we just watch whatever show comes on cable. I never read about Roz - although we like her character a lot. Any stories there? First off, Peri Gilpin is the sweetest human being on the planet. That has nothing to do with the story but I wanted to say it anyway. One day during the first season after a runthrough I said she looked very comfortable behind that control board. She said, “Well, my dad was in radio.” Being an old radio guy myself I asked who he was. She was sure I had never heard of him. He died quite a few years ago. Still, I wanted to know. Jim O’Brien. I was floored. I did know Jim O’Brien. He was program director of KHJ in 1969 and I did an audio documentary for college on the station and spent a day interviewing him. He was a great guy. After KHJ he moved to Philadelphia where in addition to radio he started doing TV weather. He died tragically young in a sky diving accident saving a fellow diver whose chute didn’t open. One day on KHJ he filled in on the air and I happened to tape the show. I dug up the tape – it was an old musty reel-to-reel, and gave it to Peri the next day. I knew the sound department could figure a way for her to hear it. She was very touched. A couple of days later at runthrough she thanked me again and said it was the first time she had ever actually heard her father on the radio. She was very little when he died. I have other Peri stories but that’s my favorite. Dan Brown asks: What kind of priority was reality in your scripts? How much emphasis was there in keeping things plausible? My biggest pet peeve now with sitcoms is that even some good shows, such as The Office, defy believability. The other night, Dwight punched out Pam's window and tore up the house with a sledgehammer when asked to retrieve an iPod. Uh, sure.) Even in comedy, shouldn't writers ask themselves: Would this really happen? I can’t speak for that OFFICE episode but personally I think it’s crucial to keep it real (Jesus, I sound like Randy Jackson). On MASH we had medical advisers, on-set nurses, and military advisers just to make sure everything was plausible. And on CHEERS we drank. But the best comedy comes from reality. If you can believe or better yet, identify with behavior the better your chances of laughing. Characters can act irrational, crazy, weird – anything you want, as long as it’s justified. We joke about actors always needing to know their “ motivation ” but they do. Rachel Roberts, a wonderful actress on the old TONY RANDALL SHOW once said to us after a scene in rehearsal: “So what’s my motivation? I’m an out patient?” Yo, dawg, keep it real. Know what I'm sayin'? What’s your question? I try to get to as many as I can. Honest. Really. No, I mean it. So let's switch gears from yesterday and baseball. Spanning the dial to bring you the cheesiest in reality shows, I have uncovered a gem . Many thanks to my daughter Annie for turning me onto this little beauty. RU PAUL’S DRAG RACE on Logo. Logo is the gay network although I think this show is even too gay for them . RU PAUL'S DRAG RACE follows your standard reality competition format with contestants put through various challenges and one getting eliminated every week. Except they’re all drag queens and the grand prize is $25,000, a P.R. firm’s services for a year, and various and sundry drag queen gigs. Not exactly life-changing but certainly enough to warrant these guys humiliating themselves on national television. We get to meet the drag queens in and out of costume. And we see Ru Paul not in drag. That was a first for me. Out of the wig and gowns he looks kinda like the villain in PRINCESS AND THE FROG. The contestants all go by their drag queen names. So Pandora’s Box is pitted against the likes of Jujubee, Raven, and Tatiana. They live together in a house with big steel doors and exposed rivets on the wall. I half-expected to see the Gimp from PULP FICTION chained to the floor. Imagine my disappointment. The first challenge was called “ the Queen is Right ”. It was “ the Price is Right ” except with items drag queens would consider essentials. So they had to guess the price of white tube socks, pepper spray, duct tape, brass knuckles, and a human hair wig. These items were displayed by muscular male Chippendale-type models who were bare-chested except for neck ties, The winner got to call his mother. I swear, I’m not making this up. Then they all had to play the “Snatch Game ”. Gene Rayburn is rolling over in his grave. The queens were expected to impersonate a celebrity of their choice – complete with costume and make up of course. So they went as Carol Channing, Beyonce, Pink, Lady Gaga, Britney Spears, Paris Hilton, Whitney Houston (the Bobby Brown Whitney, not Clive Davis version), and Ru Paul. The 200 pound man who did Carol Channing was a riot and the guy who did Britney looked so authentic he could actually pass for Britney Spears until he got out of a car. They had to answer “ Match Game ” type questions like “ Slutty Sally was so slutty, when she rode on a disco stick she …” Everything about this show just screams class. Then there was a runway competition. One by one these bruisers came out in flamboyant ridiculous gowns, cat suits, and Jackie Kennedy outfits. The bottom two were selected and to help Ru Paul make his final decision they had to “Lip Sync For Your Life”. Cat woman stripped down to bra and panties and did cartwheels with such force the stage almost collapsed. He proved to be the loser as Ru Paul delivered the soon to be famous catch-phrase, “ Sashay away !” And my favorite moment – this is what got me hooked – Ru Paul asks one of the drag queens, “Where did you get your sense of humor from?” to which he replies, “My father passed away.” That’s it. I’m setting my DVR for a season pass right now. RU PAUL’S DRAG RACE. For good delicious jaw dropping entertainment you gotta check it out, “Squirrel friends”. 
Last week, Hard Assets Investor published another one of my articles . In it, I compared the correlations between several energy ETFs and the prices of commodities they are tracking. The takeaway message is that, for the most part, ETFs do a bad job tracking commodities prices. There are a few reasons for this. The first, and primary reason why the correlation is less than perfect, is that the front-month futures contract for every commodity is constantly changing. Since most ETFs hold only the front-month contract, this means that sometime before expiration, the fund must sell its holding of one (soon to expire) contract and then purchase another (soon to be front-month) contract. There is almost always a significant discrepency between the two prices, particularly if it's a commodity that doesn't deliver every month. Take a look at the futures chains on the CME group website for crude oil , gold , and corn . As of writing, the difference between the front month and second month contract is about 40¢, $1, and 10¢, respectively. That may not seem like much, but that price difference represents a pure loss in the value of the fund with every roll that takes place. Just to prevent declines, the fund would, on average, have to be increasing in value between 1 and 5% a month. That means that, depending on the commodity and the fund, a monthly percentage increase, if not sufficiently high, may actually mean you're losing money. The second problem with ETFs is that they create a secondary market on top of what is already a volatile market in its own right. And, while the underlying instruments are the same for both, (futures contracts) the factors driving the supply and demand may be drastically different. For example, while natural gas might be moving up on strong demand resulting from a particular weather forecast , if the primary participants are energy hedgers, no such demand would exist for UNG, the world's biggest natural gas etf. As such, UNG might theoretically follow the price of gas with something of a lag, rather than actually track the price in real time. Don't take my word for it, take a look at this graph comparing oil price movements with the price of USO, the world's biggest crude oil ETF, over the last four years: Click here to download Flash Player now View the full Crude vs USO chart at Wikinvest Now, you might be saying "those charts seem to follow each other reasonably well" but that's the problem. Reasonably well isn't good enough. An investor buying a share or shares in a commodity ETF that puportedly tracks the price of a commodity wants her investment to actually do just that, not merely track the price "reasonably well". It's true that there are some ETFs, especially those dealing with precious metals, that eliminate the problem of the roll yield altogether simply by buying and hoarding the commodity in question and storing it in a vault somewhere; no futures contracts required. While certainly effective in mitigating the problem, this only works for a very specific subset of commodities that do not have a cliff for their usefulness. Other than those few cases, in general, the moral is that if you really, truly want exposure to commodities, don't waste your time with an ETF. As they stand, very few of them can be relied upon to achieve their goals. Though that may change in the future, for now, your best bet is get into the futures market directly. Last week, a couple of the major commodities exchanges announced the addition of some new futures contracts to help producers and consumers of raw goods hedge their expenses, and simultaneously give commodities traders three more reasons to develop stress-related ulcers. First, across the pond, the world's foremost metals market, the London Metal Exchange (LME) yesterday opened trading of cobalt and molybdenum futures. In shocking concordance with my previous post about the emerging need for a lithium futures contract , the cobalt contract is designed specifically with battery manufacturers in mind, cobalt being a major input to rechargeable batteries in things like laptops and cellphones. Molybdenum, which I had never heard of before this Wall Street Journal article , is apparently used in the production of stainless steel. Meanwhile, here in the States, the ever-growing Chicago Mercantile Exchange announced that it will be adding a contract for distiller's dried grain (DDG), a by-product of corn ethanol production. This is interesting because, with the addition of the contract, which will begin trading in April, ethanol producers can now effectively hedge every step of their production. For example, before the harvest you might buy a corn contract so as to protect yourself from unexpected price swings at your local grain elevator. Then, once you've got your corn and begin distilling ethanol, you can sell both a DDG and ethanol contract to lock in prices for your two resultant byproducts. Further, you can buy or sell oil, gas, or natural gas contracts to take advantage of spread deviations between the fuels. This is also interesting because the DDG contract may become a major hedge-staple for corporations that produce ethanol for non-fuel purposes... you know, like Jack Daniel's. The government, and now the private markets, are conspiring to make ethanol a real and viable energy source with plenty of economic safegaurds. A bizarre reaction to these announcements is concern that opening these contracts to the public will increase volatility in the prices of the commodities and could potentially drive them too far one way or the other. Yes, that is true, prices will become more volatile... but only for the traders. The hedgers (people producing and consuming ethanol) actually need volatility to protect themselves from things like price-fixing and sudden, unexpected swings. Without and open public market, there's no way to plan for and predict what DDG would and will cost. Also, hedgers are not entering and exiting positions over and over to make a quick buck, they are locking prices in, exiting positions, and taking the difference as market protection. As per my post last night , and today's news on housing starts , I certainly ought to eat a little crow; according to the Census Bureau, January housing starts were up from December, as well as January 2009. Specifically, according to the Bureau's report : Privately-owned housing starts in January were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 591,000. This is 2.8 percent (±11.5%) above the revised December estimate of 575,000 and is 21.1 percent (±12.3%) above the January 2009 rate of 488,000. So yes, it appears I was wrong with my initial assessment and the housing market indeed showed signs of picking up in January, potentially contributing to the Lumber run-up of the last month. However, the actual meaning of the housing start increase is slightly more complicated than the above quoted numbers and, I would make the case, much less meaningful than reports are making it out to be. Let me explain. First, regarding the meaning of the number itself, the 2.8% increase in housing starts is an increase in the seasonally adjusted housing start rate . Because the US Housing market is highly seasonal (i.e. more building projects begin in the spring and summer months) examining trends on a purely month to month basis is not meaningful when analyzing long-term trends. Housing starts will almost always go up in March, and they will almost always go down in October. As such, the US Census Bureau developed a statistical method called X12 (and its predecessor X11) used to remove the expected seasonal effects of this type of data. The best article I could find describing the algorithm is, oddly enough, on an old Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas webpage , but suffice to say the algorithm is designed to remove expected seasonal effects for a given data series, thereby showing the actual overarching trend. Thus, the published number is a point estimate for what the current annual housing start rate is; in this case, 591,000 housing units started per year. As with any statistical analysis, there is a margin of error to that point estimate, and the margin is given right in the reporting sentence. "This is 2.8 percent (±11.5%) above the revised December estimates..." Wait a minute, 2.8% ±11.5%? That should give us a range of –8.7% to +14.3% and, if I'm not mistaken, –8.7 ≤ 0 ≤ 14.3. As any statistician can tell you, a confidence range that includes zero is not statistically significant at all. And the Census Bureau uses a 90% confidence interval in their calculations, so it's not as though they're being overly conservative with their estimates and confidence ranges. In other words, this number is fundamentally meaningless. In fact, if you actually bothered to read the report (as apparently no one in the media did) you'd see that the "±11.5%" figure is asterisked with a footnote that reads as follows: "90% confidence interval includes zero. The Census Bureau does not have sufficient statistical evidence to conclude that the actual change is different from zero. " So, in other words, there is no evidence that there was a change in the seasonally adjusted rate WHATSOEVER. This number is meaningless. Moving on, despite the lack of evidence for a month over month change, the increase in rate from January last to now does appear to be truly significant, with a confidence interval of 21.1 percent ±12.3% (between 8.8% and 33.4%) for the change from January 2009's seasonally adjusted rate. (Note that that range does not cross zero.) The report also lists the raw housing start numbers (those that haven't been seasonally adjusted). Here are the highlights (all numbers pulled from the aforementioned report): 2008 Year in full: 905,500 2009 Year in full: 554,500 January 2009: 31,900 November 2009: 42,300 December 2009: 37,100 January 2010: 37,800 The takeaway from all of this is that the housing market has improved significantly since 2009. In fact, using either the December or January estimate for the seasonally adjusted housing start rate yields a significant improvement over the 2009 total figure. However, there is not sufficient evidence to suggest that any further progress has been made over the last two or three months, the numbers (both seasonally adjusted and raw) do not demonstrate sufficient statistical significance to draw that conclusion. Starker still, is that the market today remains at about 65% of where it was in 2008. How did the Lumber market today respond to all this? Somehow, despite the hype, prices moved mostly sideways; either this information was already priced in, or it doesn't really exist. Full Disclosure: As of writing, author is short May 2010 Lumber (LBK10) Today's Wall Street Journal ran a great article on the recent surge in Lumber prices. (Though, sadly, the online version's headline was changed from the print's pun-tastic "Builders Nailed by Lumber Prices" to the infinitely more boring "High Lumber Prices Threaten Housing Market".) The article does a fantastic job explaining the why's behind the recent insane price movements in the lumber market, which I have discussed at length in a previous post . In that post I laid out my then somewhat limited understanding of the reasons for lumber's price increase, which the WSJ article largely confirms and significantly expands upon. Basically, here's what happened: Due to a dramatic falloff in demand, largely the result of a depressed housing market, lumber mills and loggers have significantly decreased production. According to the WSJ article, lumber output fell 45% (!!!) between 2005 and 2009. As the housing market remained stagnant, lumber wholesalers saw no need to maintain large inventories throughout 2009, further disincentivizing output from loggers and mills. Because of the lack of demand and low prices, several lumber mills have indefinitely shuttered. This, of course, in itself drove prices higher. The article specifically mentions Canfor Corporation, a Vancouver-based producer responsible for half a percent of total North American lumber output, who indefinitely ceased operation on January 5th 2010 as one of the major mills to shut down amid the sluggish market. Annually, home builders restock their lumber supplies in January and February in anticipation of the upcoming spring building season. As supply was already incredibly tight and production was being scaled back across the board, wholesale buying triggered a supply shock up the chain, sending prices higher. Additionally, some firms continued buying on anticipation of consumers taking advantage of the federal home-buying tax credit before it expires. As the industry was not in any place to suddenly ramp up production, the market created something of a feedback loop, driving prices higher from January through to today. Exacerbating the problem is that shuttered/suspended mills do not have the capital (or guarantee of near-term capital) to quickly start up operations again. What is perhaps most interesting about this is that everyone seems to be in agreement that the surge is entirely supply driven. To the question of demand, the article says the following: "The supply crunch is striking because, just a few years ago, the North American lumber industry was able to supply enough wood to start more than two million homes a year. That was nearly four times the pace of home starts in December." In other words, home-building demand hasn't simply petered out, it's fallen off 75%, and still, the price goes up purely as supply stays tight. But perhaps the most interesting quote, in my mind anyway, comes towards the end of the article, in a discussion of near-term production prospects: "The ongoing recession will keep production light, said Matt Layman... who called this the only sustained supply-driven rally he has seen in 30 years of trading lumber." Thirty years is a long time, and Mr. Layman's quote only serves to highlight just how strange this market rally seems on the surface. My readers already know that I'm bearish on Lumber, but honestly, everything about this rally seems crazy to me. At least now we understand the circumstances that pushed prices high in the first place, but for this kind of rally to be sustained... I'm just not sure what it would take short of a spectacular resurgence in the housing industry. Tomorrow, the US Census Bureau will announce the figures for January housing starts. A slight bump will be good news for the lumber bulls, a downtick could mean the beginning of the rally's end. I'll put a post up as soon as we see what happens, and what it's immediate effect may be. Sorry about the dearth of posts lately, but I've been out of town. Speaking of... I just got back from a trip to beautiful Whitefish Montana. If you're a skier and/or outdoor enthusiast, I can't recommend the city highly enough. On the train ride out there, I ended up having dinner with a couple of Montanans who own and work a farm on the eastern edge of the state. We got to talking and I asked them what they raise, to which the response came from the husband: "Durum wheat, peas, and chickpeas." On hearing the word wheat, my interest was piqued, so I asked: "I'm curious, do you ever use futures contracts to hedge your crops?" To which he jumped into a very long, very interesting discussion about the commodities markets. The short answer to my question was no, because there is no durum wheat futures contract, he doesn't really have the option to hedge in the commodities markets, however, he can often lock prices in advance with individually agreed upon "forward" agreements with grain purchasers, though he admitted that this is not as useful as a true futures contract because there is less liquidity in the market. "If you can't deliver your full crop," he said "you'd better have the cash". Following this conversation, the man's wife asked me: "How do you know so much about wheat?" I explained that I was a commodities investor and sometime analyst, to which she said, "Wow, because you sound exactly like our son." "What does your son do?" "He's a wheat farmer." The commodities markets have always fascinated me because, in some sense, it is one of the last, pure markets in the country. When you put a bid in for a commodity like wheat, you're not betting on earnings reports or interest rates, CEO scandals, cash flow statement readjustments, corporate lawsuits, etc. etc. You are simply betting on the price of a bushel of wheat. It is one of the few places in the world of business where the Montana Farmer and Wall Street Analyst are not just peers, but equal experts, and it is a market that is open to EVERYONE. If that doesn't stir your inner capitalist, I don't know what would. By bearish, of course, I mean pessimistic. In other words, I expect the price to go down. Here's a chart of Lumber futures prices over the last month: Click here to download Flash Player now View the full FUTURE:LB00 chart at Wikinvest Of particular interest is the big upward movement starting on January 28th. Between then and this last Friday, lumber TWICE went up the session limit of $10 / thousand board feet (mBF). At the beginning of the month, I was bearish on Lumber because I suspected housing starts have not actually increased whatsoever (and at the time I took a short position, only to be stopped out in accordance with my personal trading philosophy ), however, now I am even more bearish because I don't think this pricing run up either makes sense or is in any way sustainable. Quick background about the market, the random length lumber futures contract (what most people mean when they say "lumber") is used extensively by lumber industry participants, that is timber harvesters and construction companies, to hedge against erratic price movements in the cash market (the price you get at your local mill on any given day). The biggest factor affecting lumber prices is the US housing market. When the housing market is booming, lumber skyrockets. When home construction is depressed, so too the lumber market. There is very little else driving lumber prices, as most of the lumber we use is grown domestically, we export almost none of it, and what lumber we do import comes almost exclusively from Canada. Now that that's out of the way... a recent article from Reuters basically comes to the following conclusions as to why the price has shot up: There are fewer mills currently in operation (many had closed down when the housing market dried up), creating a minor supply shock in the cash market and sending prices up. There is an expected increase in demand as the result of the approaching "Spring building season". A "realtor survey" showed pending home sales were up 1% in December. My reason for being bearish on Lumber right now is that I believe there is a logical fallacy at play in the market. Follow me here on this treatise: If the housing market picks up (i.e. demand increases) Lumber inventories (i.e. supply) should be pressured and may diminish. If inventories stay the same or diminish The price should go up. This is basic supply and demand, but I've made each bullet cascading to point out the conditional nature of how the market, in theory, responds. The other way for the price to go up would be as follows: If lumber inventories diminish (i.e. supply decreases) If the housing market moves sideways or picks up (i.e. demand stays the same or increases) The price should go up. Note the difference between the two cases. In the first, demand is the driving conditional; in the second, supply. Also note, and this is what's important, that demand, and demand alone, has an effect on the other predictive variable in the equation. That is to say, when demand changes, there is NECESSARILY an effect upon the supply. (Yes, I know, it's possible that demand has been perfectly predicted and supplies tailored to meet the expected demand, but this is incredibly unlikely in a market based upon a fungible commodity such as Lumber.) When supply decreases, on the other hand, there is by no means any necessary or expected response in demand. Demand could stay the same, demand could increase, demand could decrease. There's simply no way to know, or even extrapolate, based on supply alone. What we have in the lumber market is the second scenario. Supplies seem to be diminishing because of the drawdown in milling operations. However, that in and of itself, in theory anyway, should not cause the price to go up. For that to happen, we'd need to see that demand has at least not diminished, or at best , has increased . If this were the other way around, if we knew that demand really was increasing, we could infer that supply was likely to decline, and the facts about the mill drawdowns would confirm this, and we could say that yes, indeed, lumber prices ought to go up. However, we cannot say that demand for lumber is increasing, we can only say that supply looks like it might be decreasing, and there is at best a possibility that demand is on the rise, depending on how much faith you put in a self-reported survey from an industry with a financial incentive to make itself look healthy. As for the "spring building season" mentioned in the Reuters article, it's important to note that this is buying by retail lumber dealers in anticipation of the season. This is not a construction company buying lumber to build a house. Unless that lumber is actually used, it will just sit on the shelf, delaying future orders and adding to the supply. Of course, we can talk about what a market should or shouldn't do in theory, about what's the right or wrong expected price movement based on any set of information, but the truth is that a market cannot be right or wrong. A market simply is. Lumber is trading at over $270 / mBf because someone was willing to buy a contract at that price, and someone was willing to sell. However, while the market itself cannot be wrong, the participants in the market can be. Extrapolating that supply is decreasing based on mill slow-down is an assumption, and it can be incorrect. Believing the housing market is picking up is an assumption, and it too can be incorrect. If two people, a buyer and a seller, have the same incorrect assumptions, the price they agree on will force the market in a particular direction, and this will happen regardless of the assumptions' validity. Now, this buyer and this seller, they might be right. It might be the case that lumber supply is falling, and that demand is picking back up, but personally, I don't think so. I don't think the housing market is picking up, and I don't think supplies are in any way close to depleted enough to cause a significant shortage. Housing starts declined in December, you can read the reports on the Random Lengths website (a sort of trade-mag for the lumber industry); do we have any reason beyond the above "realtor survey" to believe they have increased since? Again, maybe. Maybe I'm wrong about this, it's very possible, but I simply don't see housing starts increasing enough to justify this price run up. Again, I could be wrong. I could be dead wrong and the US housing market might be ready to explode and the decline in mill output might cause a serious supply shock, but even so, in closing, let me drop a little perspective. The last time lumber was consistently trading above $260 / mBF was May - August 2007. Between then and now, it broke the $260 barrier only one other time: August 2008. As I discussed in a prior post , whatever the natural gas market is the other nine months of the year, during the winter it's an inverse thermometer for the Eastern seaboard. Take a look at these natural gas headlines for the last month from the Wall Street Journal: 1/6/2010 - Cold Weather Heats up Natural Gas, OJ Markets 1/15/2010 - Natural Gas, off 2.5%, Falls on Mild Forecast 1/23/2010 - Chilly Forecasts Lift Natural Gas 1/27/2010 - Natural Gas Falls on Milder Forecasts 2/1/2010 - Elements Hold Down Natural Gas - 2/2/2010 - Cold Weather Boosts Natural Gas Couple things to notice here, the first is that the 1/23 headline was modified from its original incarnation "Cold Forecasts Warm Up Natural Gas Prices" sometime between when I wrote my prior post and now. In fact, you can still see that headline as the page's title. So it's good to see that someone over there is insisting on slightly more variety of diction, even if the changes are occurring four or five days late. The second, and more important thing to notice, are the functionally opposite headlines occurring 24 hours apart on 2/1 and 2/2. Anyone at all (say, for example, a professional commodities analyst) could point to at least TWO prior headlines that month and say that the news of EITHER 2/1 or 2/2 supports her model of rising OR declining gas prices. The volatility of these markets, especially when the weather is your primary driver, makes every session a significant one. -In the print version of the 2/1 article, there was also a B-Roll shot of some dudes playing football in Washington DC with the caption: "ICING THE KICKER? Unusually warm weather was a boon for football players in Washington in November; not so for those betting on gas." Awesome. That picture really helps me get a better understanding of the natural gas situation. You couldn't have put a chart there or something? (NB: Yes I appreciate the irony of making fun of a superfluous picture, and then not showing said picture myself while discussing it, but wsj.com seems not be hosting it. Apologies.) If you own stocks, this week probably wasn't your favorite. Still, it could have been worse; you could be European. The EU got smacked around this week in a scene not unlike the penultimate brawl in Road House , you know, when that dude with the stick beats up all of the bouncers at the Double Deuce. Take a look at the Euro over the last three months: Click here to download Flash Player now View the full FOREX:EURUSD chart at Wikinvest Then go ahead and change the view so that you're looking at the price over one month. I'm not a geopolitician, but from what I understand, Greece, Portugal, and to a lesser extent Spain, are all having terrible times restructuring their debt, so much so, in fact, that investors are fleeing EU investment vehicles for the "security" of American government bonds and the US Dollar. The dollar, in essence, this week fed on the ballooning deficit of three EU nations and the fears they brought to investors. The side effect here is falling commodities prices, as gold, copper, and oil all declined significantly over the last few days, thanks primarily to steady increases in the value of the dollar. Gold, for example, is down about $60 from where it opened on Thursday. I find this notable for three reasons: The EU is experiencing the WORST of both possible worlds, as a collection of economically diverse, fully autonomous nations beholden to one central economy and currency, when one country suffers, EVERYONE suffers. This would be the equivalent of a debt crisis at an Illinois community bank making the dollar worthless in Japan. To what extent is Greece's fiscal stability the business of other EU nations? How beholden is Greece to EU nations helping it out of a jam? Commodities prices are decreasing as a function of a strengthening dollar against the Euro, specifically. The dollar has been falling against the Yen all month while moving more or less sideways against the Loonie. With all of the global trade that goes on, I would not have expected a simple shift from European to American investments, on its own, to have that sizable an effect on commodities prices; typically you'd need the dollar to get stronger against EVERYTHING for this kind of pricing plummet. Investors are fleeing Europe for the stability of the dollar. That's the US Dollar. The currency of the nation with 10% unemployment and interest rates of functionally 0. The nation with a $1.4 Trillion deficit. The nation currently fighting two wars. If the US economy is somehow the world's safe-haven right now, that does not bode well for the world. 
This was the scene as we gathered together to meet in the Annual meeting of Des Moines Preceptory of Legion of Honor for DeMolay. The meeting always takes place on March 18 and it is a great group of men who have been honored by the Order of DeMolay.I am the Secretary -Treasurer of the group so I had to be there a little early. I stopped and picked up my new suit on the way out to the Willow Creek Golf Club. It was a good Iowa Pork Chop dinner and the meeting went very well. When I got home I started a Facebook group for the Preceptory. Miles in on my S&*T list. He pulled my Rosicrucian's necktie off the table and chewed it in half. I should have taken if off and put it on the rack. Oh well he is just being a puppy.And he is still a puppy. Just a big one.Then a real treat I got to watch the group Straight No Chaser on Iowa Public Television. And that reminded me that I needed to make my pledge so I took care of that. I support Iowa Public Television and Iowa Public Radio. They enrich my life immeasurably. I am tired so I think I shall close this. The Jokes are ready and they will be posted at 7:00 AM. Thanks for stopping by. Hugs.
 Swingin' Sounds for Hipsters vol. 8: Jet Set Jazz, Electro Swing, Fabulous Funk & Global Grooves. 1) Taboo (Jojo Effect Remix) ~ Les Baxter 2) Drive Anywhere ~ Urbs 3) Not With Me ~ Jojo Effect 4) Love Is In Town ~ Brenda Boykin 5) But Not For You ~ Alessandro Magnanini 6) Zoo Zizaro - Club des Belugas 7) In Style and Rhythm - Pumali Panthers 8) Black is the Night ~ DJ Vadim feat. Katherin DeBoer 9) The Others ~ Hardkandy 10) La Lucertola ~ De-Phazz 11) Samba 1000 (Nicola Conte Mix) - Ursula 1000 12) Pan Am 009 ~ Saint Privat 13) Moods ~ Beatrice Simpson 14) Rivoluzione (Butti 49 Con-fusion Mix) ~ Ennio Morricone 15) Say Yes ~ Wax Tailor 16) Here's Us ~ Nekta 17) Back Street Lust (Azaxx Remix) ~ Kinny 18) Bado Baijo ~ Jojo Effect 19) Un Grao De Areia ~ Club des Belugas 20) Too Old To Die ~ Troublemakers 21) All For You ~ RJD2 22) Et de Clarinete ~ Palov &amp; Mishkin 23) What I Got ~ Torpedotrickser 24) Conmigo ~ Nickodemus &amp; The Candela Allstars 25) Dancefloor Fight ~ Paikan 26) Sound of Everything ~ Quantic 27) Pepita ~ Vono Box 28) Tom's Song ~ Gare du Nord 29) The Incident ~ Urbs 30) Descend ~ Nighthawks 31) Kiss Me ~ Club des Belugas 32) The Id (Small World Mix) ~ Steinski 33) Stroker Ace ~ Lovage 34) Desire ~ Jojo Effect 35) Charleston Butterfly (feat. Gabriella Hänninen) ~ Parov Stelar 36) Clear As Water (Hidden Jazz Quartet Remix) [feat. Bajka] ~ Una Mas Trio 37) Soon ~ Gelka 38) Feat Feats ~ DJ Vadim featuring Emo & Syrus 39) Wonderful (JoJo Effect Remix) ~ Brenda Boykin 40) Some Like It Hot ~ Club Des Belugas Feat. Brenda Boykin 41) Princess Crocodile ~ Gry with FM Einheit and His Orchestra 42) Swing För Hyresgästföreningen ~ Movits 43) Ein kleines Wackeln mit dem Po ~ Jojo Effect 44) Green Eyed Love ~ Mayer Hawthorne 45) Be My Lover (Acoustic Bossa Remix) ~ Brenda Boykin 46) Silence ~ Concorde Music Club 47) It's a Beautiful Day ~ Club des Belugas 48) Mambo Tonight ~ Jojo Effect 49) 5 Giorni Di Carnevale ~ Rosalia de Souza 50) Venus ~ S-Tone Inc 51) Come and Get Me ~ The Five Corners Quintet feat. Mark Murphy 52) Wild is Love ~ Nat King Cole 53) Someway Still I Do (feat. Liam McKahey) ~ Alessandro Magnanini 54) My Hunger Hurts ~ Club des Belugas 55) Mademoiselle ~ Concorde Music Club 56) Secret Words ~ Ohm Guru 57) La Esquina ~ Federico Aubele 58) Vendendo Saude &amp; Fe ~ Ocote Soul Sounds &amp; Adrian Quesada 59) Cumbia Infierno (Toti &amp; Andy Loop Fat Beat Remix) ~ La Troba Kung-Fú 60) Get a Move On ~ Mr Scruff 61) Dipso Calypso (feat. Lady Cath) ~ Buscemi 62) Satyam Shivam Sundaram ~ Thievery Corporation Feat. Gunjan 63) Ou est la Femme? ~ Louise Vertigo 64) Way Out ~ Lazy 65) Con Mi Sombra ~ S-Tone Inc 66) Wildcats Gotta Move ~ Club des Belugas 67) Exquis-it, Baby ~ Gare du Nord 68) Receptions in Brazil ~ Nighthawks 69) Endangered Species (Raeo Remix) ~ Nickodemus 70) Bonita (Dj Vadim Remix) ~ The Pimps of Joytime 71) L'estate e' qua (feat. Rosalia De Souza) ~ Alessandro Magnanini 72) Jazz Music ~ De-Phazz &amp; The Radio Frankfurt Big Band 73) Too Late ~ Club des Belugas 74) Who Knows Featuring Kabir ~ The Quantic Soul Orchestra 75) It's On ~ Kylie Auldist 76) Queen of Boredness (feat. Diesler) ~ Kinny 77) Cleopatra In New York ~ Nickodemus 78) Hard Swing Travellin' Man ~ Brenda Boykin 79) Deja Morts ~ Concorde Music Club 80) Inverno ~ Bossa Nostra 81) Ai Mi Morena (Chocolate Restyle) ~ Mo'Horizons 82) More and More of Your Amor ~ Nat King Cole &amp; Bitter:sweet 83) São Funky, Pt. 1 &amp; 2 ~ Fort Knox Five 84) Sunset Break Up ~ Dr Rubberfunk 85) Le Fox ~ Owusu and Hannibal 86) Wild is My Love ~ Club des Belugas 87) Hurt So Bad ~ Nancy Holloway 88) Shadows of Ourselves ~ Thievery Corporation 89) La Lluvia ~ Nickodemus 90) Capoeira vai ~ Sabrina Malheiros 91) Return of the Panther Featuring Mustafa Akbar ~ Thunderball 92) Greenwood Groove ~ Greenwood Groove Coalition 93) The Model ~ Overproof Sound System 94) Hidden ~ Buscemi 95) This Is What You Are (Dim's Hipster Jazz Version By Dimitri from Paris) ~ Mario Biondi 96) You, Me and Jazz ~ Aaron Tesser &amp; The New Jazz Affair 97) The Mambo Craze ~ De-Phazz &amp; The Radio Frankfurt Big Band 98) I Just Fell In Love Again ~ Quantic & His Combo Barbaro 99) Oh Jeje ~ Bebo Best &amp; The Super Lounge Orchestra 100)Locomotive ~ Mop Mop 101)Lounging at the Waldorf ~ Ron Sunshine &amp; Full Swing 102)Cinnamon Girl (Club Edit) [feat. Boban I Marko Markovic Orkestar] ~ [dunkelbunt] 103)Fel del Av Gården ~ Movits 104)Guess Who (Parov Stelar Remix) ~ Nekta 105)Yuknowhathislifeez (Motorcity Mix) ~ Metropolitan Jazz Affair 106)Elevated States (Nicola Conte Remix) ~ Thunderball 107)Ciel bleu ~ Danilo Venturi 108)Kindergarten (Rube Remix) ~ Unkle Ho 109)Pick Up 52's ~ Mestizo & Mike Gao 110)San Francisco Bound (Dj Obah Remix) ~ The Pimps of Joytime 111)Azulee ~ Shantel 112)Seasons ~ Bobby Hughes Combination 113)Surfing the Silvatide (With Bajka) ~ Ancient Astronauts 114)Let Everything Be ~ Margo vs. Thunderball 115)No Jive ~ De-Phazz 116)I Love My Baby (My Baby Loves Jazz) Norman Cook Mix) ~ United Future Organization 117)Afro On the Rocks ~ Paikan 118)Latin Groove ~ Smoove &amp; Turrell 119)Linda Morena ~ Quantic &amp; His Combo Barbaro 120)The Rebirth of the Fat Lola ~ Club des Belugas 121)The More I Look At You ~ Timo Lassy (feat. José James) 122)Ponta de Pedra ~ S-Tone Inc 123)Livin' My Life (feat. Liam McKahey) ~ Alessandro Magnanini 124)Romeo &amp; Juliet ~ Sabrina Starke 125)She Said No ~ Club des Belugas 126)Catgroove ~ Parov Stelar 127)Initials B.B ~ Louise Vertigo 128)Superflu ~ Saint Privat 129)Let Love Lead the Way ~ Club des Belugas 130)Be Lonely ~ Mario Biondi 131)Incident At Gate 7 ~ Thievery Corporation 132)You've Been Spiked ~ Chris Joss 133)Loose Gardener ~ Flevens 134)I Just Want to Make Love to You ~ Cold Blood 135)Have Love Will Travel ~ Lefties Soul Connection 136)Hold On ~ Mr. Scruff 137)Secret Lover (feat. Jenny B) ~ Alessandro Magnanini 138)Passing On The Screen ~ Club des Belugas 139)Déjà Morts (Remix By Patchworks) ~ Concorde Music Club There's Trouble Brewin' from Black Christmas Below me it's Christmas Directed by Abel Ferrara From the soundtrack to Abel Ferrara's classic gangster movie "King of New York." 
 Thank you for the great comments everyone has been leaving lately. &nbsp;There have been some questions about my materials I use to draw or software to animate. &nbsp;So, I'd like to answer some of them. &nbsp;I animate in Flash for 2D and Maya for 3D, with the exception of the occasional animation in After Effects or Nuke. &nbsp;I almost always draw quick, people, observational sketches with a pen. I have a nice Faber Castell 'S' PITT pen. &nbsp;If I'm drawing from my imagination, then I almost always use a medium-hard pencil &nbsp;H's or F's. &nbsp;If I like the drawing, I will sometimes refine it with a soft 4-6B pencil. &nbsp;If I add color, I usually scan in my drawing, set the drawing layer (in Photoshop or Illustrator) to 'multiply' blend mode and add color on layers below that. This is an illustration I made for an insurance company a few years ago. &nbsp;I was going through some old files and stumbled on it. It seems to give the sense of busy, which is what I am right now. &nbsp;It's an animated gif that I created in photoshop. &nbsp;Basically you feed 5 or 6 versions of a drawing into photoshop and it loops them. Last year while on vacation at one of the lakes in northern Indiana, there was this young girl who would catch frogs every night with a flashlight and a bucket. Not only could she catch them, but she could also stun them by rubbing their bellies. A couple of weekends ago, I rode down to Venice Beach to draw.&nbsp; I found a nice spot to sit and watch the graffiti guys working on the Art Wall . The History Channel has some new programs we've been enjoying at home.&nbsp; Here are a couple of characters from 'Pawn Stars' and 'Pickers' After a long Christmas break, the quest continues, as I try to dust the cobwebs off. Here are some people that held still long enough for me to draw them. The highlight of the day was the guy wearing heels and carrying his wife's purse. I attended the CTN-X animation expo this weekend. With all of the great panel discussions going on, it was a perfect time to draw and watch the hand gestures of the different speakers. it seems most people have similar hand/arm movements, but the subtle differences in the tension in the fingers reveal the unique personalities. They didn't broadcast the Colts game here on the west coast, so I was stuck watching a couple of teams that I didn't have much interest in. So I started drawing... 
I can't take pictures when the Chapter is open but I snuck a photo in before we got started. Jean is giving some preliminary instruction prior to opening the Chapter.Jean and the Worthy Matron in a pre-meeting conference. Notice the large book on Jean's lap. That is just some of the material they have to go over. I was a little surprised to hear some of Jean's opening remarks and her closing....She got them right here from the "Found For Friday" jokes. I am glad that they were of use. Here are the rest of the photo's Enjoy! Hugs, j
Welcome to Grade 1: "Alright students, what does an ichthyosaur look like?"&nbsp; "They look like dolphins !"&nbsp; " Whales , like whales!"&nbsp; "Yeah FISH !!!"&nbsp; "SHAAARKS!"&nbsp; "Ooo ooo, Mr. Bond , oooo???!" "Yes, Billy?" " Miga !&nbsp; They look like Miga !"&nbsp; "YEAH!!! MIGA !!!"&nbsp; " MIGAMIGAMIGAAAAA !!!!" "Settle down CHILDREN! CHILDREN! Ugh..." Miga , for the uninitiated, was an Olympic mascot here in Vancouver - part bear and part orca .&nbsp; I assume it is the orca that Billy, the made-up child in this real-life situation, is relating ichthyosaurs to.&nbsp; Dolphins, whales, fish, orca - ARE ichthyosaurs so similar?&nbsp; Or, like Miga, more of a mix of creatures? Or are we just imposing our understanding of extant animals upon extinct ones?&nbsp; What did ichthyosaurs look like? With these beautiful aquatic reptiles being the focus of ART Evolved 's next Gallery , I thought we should begin discussing how exactly they should be reconstructed.&nbsp; What are the current controversies palaeo-artists are dealing with when restoring ichthyosaurs from fossil to flesh? Darren Naish (at Tetrapod Zoology) recently (Sept. 2008) discussed a few of the assumptions we make when we think of what ichthyosaurs look like and how they behave.&nbsp; Did they really have dorsal fins?&nbsp; How much of our knowledge of ichthyosaur body shape was faked by unscrupulous preparators?&nbsp; Most aquatic swimmers ( fish, dolphins ) have a dorsal fin, two pectoral fins and a powerful tail.&nbsp; Why did ichthyosaurs retain their two hind-fins?&nbsp; In an older article , Naish ponders the question: Did they use their pectoral fins and "fly" underwater?&nbsp; There are also a few questions I'd like to ask here, confronting the traditional view about ichthyosaurs: 1) Was their skin slick and smooth like a dolphin, or bumpy and scaly like a monitor lizard? 2)&nbsp; Did they eat only squid and ammonites? 3)&nbsp; Did all genus of ichthyosaur reproduce through live birth? 4)&nbsp; Did they partake in cannibalistic behavior? 5)&nbsp; What did the huge Shonisaurs eat? 6)&nbsp; Could I have ridden one? 7)&nbsp; Isn't there an easier way to spell "ichthyosaur?"&nbsp; Maybe with less h's? I am hoping that some of our readers might have some insight into the World of Ichthyosaurs!&nbsp; Help us reconstruct more accurate creatures! &nbsp; Speak up!&nbsp; We won't bite! ...much! And to get our collective ichthyosaur brains working, watch this They Might Be Giants " Nine Bowls of Soup ," staring Mr. Ichthyosaur... Some fantastically modern artwork from 1959. Use the contents drop-down menu to go the the “Where Evolution Stands Today” article. Check out the ads along the way. I adore the way that evolution is embraced by this popular magazine and - yeah, feel nostalgic. Note: cross-posted from my blog because this is just too cool. &nbsp; When I say "Therapod" what pops into your mind?&nbsp; A sharp-toothed, fleet-footed, flesh-eating monster of a dinosaur, right?&nbsp; Tyrannosaurs, spinosaurs, raptors... But what about a squat, tiny-headed, long-necked, plant-eater? These plant-eating therapods are known to the world as Therizinosaurs - named 'scythe lizard' on account of their abnormally large claws on their hands. This family of dinosaurs (Therizinosauridae), previously know as Segnosaurs, has a strange and convoluted history of discovery, with palaeontologists at times calling them "turtle-like lizards," prosauropods, and carnivorous reptiles.&nbsp; It wasn't until the discovery of similar genus' in the 80's and 90's, that Therizinosaurs were finally classified as advanced herviborous maniraptorian theropods. Recreating an animal so recently reinterpreted takes skill, research, and time.&nbsp; The wonderful results from this process are collected below - a Time Capsule full of Therizinosaurs , recreated in glorious pencil, paint, and pixels!&nbsp; To participate in this and future Time Capsules, all you need to do is send your image to artevolved@gmail.com .&nbsp; It's not too late to join in the fun! So without further ado, welcome to ART Evolved's Therizinosaur Gallery! Click to enlarge them! &nbsp; &nbsp; A Brief Look at Therizinosaur Reconstructions through the Years by Tricia Arnold &nbsp; &nbsp; Alxasaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Beipiaosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Erliansaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Erlikosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Falcarius by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Nanshiungosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Segnosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; Nothronychus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Nothronychus mckinleyi in graphite penci l by Mo Hassan &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by Brett Booth &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaur (aka Chickenosaur!) by Rachael Revelle A4 lino print - Produced as a live blog and documented on my blogsite&nbsp;' Drawn In Time '. Therizinosaurus: a creature from Jim Henson's The Dark Crystal by Sarah Snell-Pym I started off by looking at creatures I thought had similar features or habitat niches to the Therizinosaurs and then drew a 'shape' outline from a skeletal representation p199 of Vertebrate Palaeontology 2nd Edition. The creature seems to have had an identity crisis in the world of palaeontology but the most recent stuff I found suggested feathers and stiff hair type structures so that's what I went with. My actual aim was to build an evolution of Therizinosaurs in palaeontology of which this would be one of the end members! &nbsp; Therizinosaur by Anthony Contoleon Therizinosaurus 2000 by David Tana An early attempt at reconstructing Therizinosaurus ( Late Cretaceous Period, China ) , using only pencil and paper. Therizinosaurus cheloniformis 2010 by David Tana Reconstruction of Therizinosaurus cheloniformis from the Late Cretaceous Period of Mongolia, China.&nbsp; Digital scan of pencil on paper. Therizinosaur by Craig Dylke &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Giant Claw by Matthew Tames &nbsp; Here is a scene of a pair of Therizinosaurs protecting their nest. &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus cheloniformis Feeding on Ginkgo by John Meszaros The&nbsp;geometrical stone structures&nbsp;in the background&nbsp;is&nbsp;a&nbsp;columnar basalt formation&nbsp;such as can be found at the Giant's Causeway in Northern Ireland or the Devil's Postpile in California. A Slap in the Face by Peter Bond A Therizinosaurus cheloniformis repells an attack by a passing Alioramus remotus on a floodplain in Mongolia, 70-65 million years ago. I wanted to illustrate one of the less-shown uses of those giant claws. Hopefully the Alioramus can afford the facial reconstruction surgery! Therizinosaurine! by Peter Bond Maniraptors: Therizinosauria by Albertonykus (From shortest to longest: Beipiaosaurus inexpecticus, Falcarius utahensis, and Therizinosaurus cheloniformis .)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The therizinosaurs were a group of strange-looking maniraptors. This caused a lot of confusion in the past. For example, some therizinosaurs (then known as segnosaurs) were thought to be prosauropods (basically all the sauropodomorphs besides the giant four-legged sauropods). It was a while before the segnosaurs and therizinosaurs were recognized as the same group within maniraptor theropods. Therizinosaurs had gigantic claws, but their tiny heads and teeth suggest they were plant eaters. To be fair, they aren't the only plant-eating theropods ( [link] ), but few other theropods show such extreme herbivory. &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by Jared Needle From a 13 (or 12) inch square of double MC tissue paper, violet/orange.&nbsp;&nbsp; Still in progress after two months. It has literally been standing like that for a month straight before I photographed it today . It's obviously missing a head. I've gone through at least a dozen attempts over the last month, and still have yet to design a satisfactory head. (I also haven't had time to work on it.) I am extremely happy with the rest of it. It came out perfect. It just needs a good head. &nbsp; We hope you enjoyed that look at all things Therizinosaurs!&nbsp; Great job, everyone!&nbsp; The new poll is up on the right sidebar, so be sure to vote for July's Time Capsule ( wouldn't you just LOVE to draw ferns?! Erm... ) As for the next Gallery, the winner of that poll is ... ICHTHYOSAURS ! So be sure to submit your Ichthyosaur by May 1st 2010!&nbsp;&nbsp; To participate in an ART Evolved Gallery, send your art along with a title and a small description to artevolved@gmail.com . We accept art from anybody and everybody ! It's hard to believe that only a year ago this site was launched! So much has happened in that time! In actuality, ART Evolved as a concept is a bit older then a year. In December 2008, Peter and myself thought up the idea of a multi-artist p alaeo -art show. However, when we contacted potential participants about such a show, every one of them thought there was enough interest to go a step further and create a proper blog. So for the beginning months of 2009, in secret, we put together and constructed ART Evolved for its official launch in March. It was one year ago to this day that ART Evolved debuted, and it has exceeded any of our original expectations. We have been featured in a magazine , been a "blog of note" on Google's official Blogger site , and most important of all hosted 6 highly successful Palaeo -art galleries . So to celebrate this epic first year, and to get in some palaeo -art on this big day, we present this B-Day cake created by cake artisan Rhonwyn Vaudrey . So happy blog day to ART Evolved, its members, and participates. We also extend a big thank you to everyone who submitted artwork, wrote posts, or just visited the site for helping to contribute to this great start. Of course it doesn't end here. Look for an equally exciting second year right here on ART Evolved! Just a couple more Therizinosaur Live Blogs to bring your attention too. The new comers include: Rachael's lino print here Craig and Peter finally launch the first tandem Live Blog. Craig's efforts here . Peter's here . Zach's Therizinosaur has begun here . Sarah begins work on her Therizinosaur here . You can also still check out the previous efforts of: Tricia now has her "evolution" of Therizinosaurs live-blogged up on Tricia's Obligatory Art Blog !!! Anthony live-blogged his Therizinosaur on Anthony Contoleon ’s Posterous ! It is still not too late to live blog, or more to the point have your live blogging effort advertised here! If you are planning on live blogging just let us know where (your site or blog that the updates will be appearing on) and when (with the date and rough time zone). You can either tell us in the comment section of this post or send us an email to artevolved@gmail.com . Till then happy live blogging! Just saw this and had to pass it on. (Thanks to Donna Braginetz of the Dinosaur Mailing list. There are very few platforms for up-and-coming paleoartists so this is very exciting: the John J. Lanzendorf Paleoart Award . Are you game? It's that time again, artists!&nbsp; Here is an overview of therizinosaurs in art, where we compile professional reconstructions of the animal in the next Gallery.&nbsp; March 1st, 2010 is the deadline for submissions for the Therizinosaur Time Capsule ! Therizinosaurs have had a long and convoluted history when it comes to reconstructions.&nbsp; Meat-eater or plant-eater?&nbsp; Prosauropod or coelurosaur?&nbsp; Skin or feathers?&nbsp; These questions led to wild variations in what a therizinosaur looked like!&nbsp; Below is a selection of therizinosaurs in art - click to enlarge ... Skeletal Reconstructions by Jaime Headden , at the University of Maryland, Geology Department Therizinosaurus by Jason Pederson Falcarius by Michael Skrepnick Therizinosaurus by Victor Leshyk &nbsp;by Victor Leshyk Therizinosaurus by Gabriel Lio Beipiaosaurus by Gabriel Lio Therizinosaurus by Luis Rey Therizinosaurus by Luis Rey Segnosaurus by Øyvind M. Padron by Tuomas Koivurinne &nbsp; Beipiaosaurus by Audrey Atuchin &nbsp; Therizinosaur by Audrey Atuchin by Mineo Shiraishi Therizinosaurus by Joe Tuccarione and... Meat-eating "therizinosaur" from the game Dino Crisis Let the comments and discussion about these wonderful maniraptorians begin!&nbsp; Therizinosaurs Go! With so many early submissions arriving for the Therizinosaurs (thanks to all those who've sent them in ALREADY!... this is the first time in ART Evolved history we've had pieces well over a month in advance!) it is time for those of us who haven't quite got there to remedy this situation. As of such prepare for some... LIVE Blogging! The schedule for this round (so far) is as follows: &nbsp; Tricia now has her "evolution" of Therizinosaurs live-blogged up on Tricia's Obligatory Art Blog !!! Anthony live-blogged his Therizinosaur on&nbsp; Anthony Contoleon’s Posterous ! Sometime in this week both Craig and Peter will be starting what they are hoping to be a most epic (and first ever) duo person Live Blog. They will be starting up at about 8-9am Pacific Coast time. It is not too late to live blog, or more to the point have your live blogging effort added to the list above! If you are planning on live blogging just let us know where (your site or blog that the updates will be appearing on) and when (with the date and rough time zone). You can either tell us in the comment section of this post or send us an email to artevolved@gmail.com . Till then happy live blogging! 
 Since my brain is still a bit foggy from the meds I'm using to fight the phlegm-based-evil which attacked me this week, I'll simply give you a rundown on what needs doing 'round these parts... A List of Kid Games I Need To Review Birds, Bugs and Beans Burg der 1000 Spiegel Click Clack Das Magische Labyrinth Enuk the Eskimo Feed the Kitty Gelini Nightlife A List of Other Games I Need To Review (or at least comment extensively about) A Brief History Of The World Adios Amigos Alea Iacta Est Burger Joint Ca$h 'n Gun$: Live Dungeon Lords Fightball: Aztecs vs. The Dark Keltis: Der Weg der Steine Marrakech Piece o' Cake The Adventurers Tobago I'm never quite sure what to expect from fiction by an author of Christian faith... for every wonderful reading experience (like Stephen Lawhead's Celtic Crusades or C.S. Lewis' Chronicles of Narnia ), there are numerous slogs through preachy &amp; cliched schlock. (Insert obligatory reference to the Left Behind books here.) It's a little like Tim Burton films - you never know when an "Edward Scissorhands" is going to bloom amongst a field of weeds like "Batman Returns" and "Planet of the Apes." It helps, of course, when you trust the author as someone who appreciates story &amp; subtlety, which is certainly true of Jeffery Overstreet. As a long-time reader of his articles &amp; reviews at ChristianityTodayMovies.com and his blog, LookingCloser.org , I was excited to find his first book, Through A Screen Darkly , which is a series of essays on movie-going &amp; faith. So when Mr. Overstreet released the first book in The Auralia Thread series, Auralia's Colors , I... checked it out from the library &amp; felt really guilty about not reading it. Yeah, I know, that wasn't the story I wanted to tell either, but it's the truth. I'm not sure what kept me from digging into the first novel - some of the reviews I'd read made it sound "artsy" and I never managed to pick it up and get into it before I had to return it. Fast forward a couple of years to the early part of 2010 when I agreed to blog/review Raven's Ladder , the third book in the series. I quickly realized that I didn't want to read book 3 before I read the first two books. So, for the past couple of weeks, I've carted around The Auralia Thread books and read them whenever I could... waiting for my boys at the park, taking a break at work, even squinting at them by the light of a bedside lamp. Yes, the books are that good. It's my assignment to review Raven's Ladder ... a task which I'm finding daunting. I want to try &amp; paint a picture of the book (and the series that leads up to it) without spoiling the joy of discovery that comes from reading a fantasy series set in a new world. I hope to get you to pick up Auralia's Colors and find yourself swept up by Jeffery Overstreet's beautifully crafted descriptions &amp; plotting... leading inexorably to you buying all three books. As I've thought about how to do this, I realized that The Auralia Thread reminds me of the TV series, "Lost." No, there's not an airline crash or a smoke monster or even a four-toed statue... but Mr. Overstreet uses the same kind of cinematic style of storytelling to move his plot forward. We get to see important moments from the viewpoints of different characters. Hints are dropped &amp; questions are raised at odd moments that pay off chapters (or sometimes even books) later. The author, much like the writers on "Lost," isn't afraid to kill off characters or radically alter their lives rather than simply pander to our desires for things to be tied up in a simplistic package. And while the story has definite philosophical &amp; spiritual themes (esp. the relationship of art &amp; faith), those themes don't seem to drive the plot. Instead, they flow out of the natural development of the characters and their lives. Importantly for me, this is NOT a Christian allegory. Playing the "who's the Christ figure?" game with Christian-penned fantasy novels quickly grows tiresome and takes me out of the book and into "theology debate" mode. Jeffery Overstreet deftly avoids this while still dealing with questions about blind faith, the relationship of art &amp; theology, legalism &amp; freedom, desire as the arbiter of truth, and a plethora of other important themes. I realize that writing about "serious themes" is likely to turn off some readers. I wonder if my initial hesitation to read Auralia's Colors has to do with other reviewers writing similar things. Pleased, give the story a chance... let the wonder &amp; mystery of this fascinating fantasy world pull you in. Some specific notes about Raven's Ladder : The prologue tells a story that I was sure would be the first half of the book (based on what had gone before). In other words, Jeffery Overstreet managed to both fulfill my expectations and take the story in some wild new directions in just a few pages. The book covers even more of The Expanse in vivid detail. There's a story (told by Krawg) that absolutely blew me away near the middle of the book... and the implications of what happens to that story speaks volumes about the way we deal with truth &amp; art in our culture. Some key story lines are resolved here, while others are advanced and left hanging... thankfully, there is at least one more book coming! It's probably no surprise that I recommend this book (well, the whole series) heartily! These are the times that try men's souls. Thomas Paine was actually talking about the American colonies fighting for independence from British rule... but it's the first quote that popped into my head when I thought about being a parent. Parenting is hard. For those of you who are parents, this is not a surprise. There are so many competing needs, expectations &amp; dreams bouncing around in our brains, both for our kids and for ourselves. It's a wonder anybody survives the 18 or so years it takes to raise a child, let alone two or three kids. (Those of you with 4+ children are either saints of incredible patience or gluttons for punishment... or both.) Some of us had great parenting models from our families that balanced wise discipline with gracious love. We had families that showed interest in our lives &amp; hearts and encouraged us to make good choices regarding spiritual truth &amp; moral/ethical choices. Others of us had families of origin that were replete with all sorts of dysfunctional behaviors: verbal &amp; physical abuse, neglect, addictions &amp; codependcy... the list could go on &amp; on. Either way, it's pretty common for parents to latch onto some kind of resource to act as a guide for their parenting - when you're tired &amp; frustrated &amp; overwhelmed, it's a lot easier to read a book and follow what it says. This explains, in earlier generations, the popularity of Dr. Spock &amp; his book "Baby &amp; Child Care" (and, no, this isn't the "live long &amp; prosper" Spock, btw)... and in the last few years, the cultural impact of folks like Dr. Phil and Dr. Laura. (Interesting side observation: we like to listen to people who sound like they are well-educated.) In Christian circles, the "go-to" guy has been Dr. James Dobson (there is that doctor title again!). While I don't agree with every political crusade that Dr. Dobson has undertaken, I've found his parenting books &amp; the materials he recommends to be helpful. But there are more folks out there who have teaching ministries, purporting to have THE Biblical way to parent your child(ren) most effectively. Some of those ministries go beyond the bounds of what you can legitimately claim from Scripture to support their particular (usually legalistic) version of parenting. Without going into major detail, I want to refer you to a couple of sites that talk about two of these ministries: The checkered history of Gary Ezzo and the variety of resources he has published (including Babywise and Growing Kids God's Way) is worth a very careful look - Ezzo.info does a great job of compiling articles &amp; responses. The "teaching" that set me off to write this post comes from Michael &amp; Debi Pearl and their No Greater Joy ministry - TulipGirl's blog has an excellent list of warnings &amp; critiques of what they teach and the horrific consequences For me, any kind of useful parenting advice is going to lead me to balance grace &amp; truth, to show both justice &amp; mercy, to use discipline in order to build up the character of my boys rather than break their spirits. It will not affirm my cultural preconceptions but instead inspire me to treat my family (and esp. my children) as gifts entrusted to me &amp; my wife. Good parenting techniques will not necessarily make my life easier. In fact, they will focus on helping me raise adults rather than control children. When the advice goes the other way - and particularly when the advice purports to be "God's way" - I need to call it what it is... a lie. You didn't know this? All you have to do is watch read/watch the news to figure it out. For example, did you know that Avatar is the "highest grossing film of all time"? Really - of course, that means you don't take inflation into account... or currency fluctuation... or the premium charge that most theaters levy for watching films in 3-D and/or IMAX. Nah, math is magic, remember? If you can add up the numbers, it's A-OK. Or another example, this one a bit more serious. Did you know that the current war in Iraq (which, on March 20th of this year, will have lasted 7 years) is longer than World War Two? Granted, that depends on when you count WW2 as starting. See, if you date it by American involvement, it's not quite 3 years &amp; 9 months from the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941 to the surrender of Japan in August 1945. The traditional start of the war, however, is September 1, 1939, with the Nazi invasion of Poland (which makes the war almost 6 years long)... and I would suggest that you could make a case for the starting date being the Japanese invasion of Manchuria (September 13, 1931) which means the war lasted 14 years. But what really cheesed me off about NBC's comparison of the Iraq War last week was the length comparison to WWII followed by a list of Americans killed &amp; wounded in Iraq. In nearly 7 years of fighting &amp; occupation, 4380 American soldiers have been killed and approximately 30,000 troops have been wounded. Those are tough numbers - no one wants to see that kind of grief &amp; pain visited on families &amp; friends. However, NBC failed to provide context to those numbers... particularly since they had JUST made the length comparison to the Second World War. Over 400,000 US soldiers were killed during our involvement in WWII. 670,000 plus were wounded. In fact, over 19,000 US troops were killed during the Battle of the Bulge, which lasted just over 6 weeks. Look, I'm not arguing for or against the Iraq War... or the success of a 3D movie, for that matter. What drives me crazy is that by refusing to set our pronouncements in historical context, we make decisions based on our visceral reaction rather than on good sense... and that is exacerbated when we imply false comparisons of data. OK, I'll climb down off my soapbox &amp; start working on my sermon for this week now... I posted a bit yesterday about my Annual Oscar Birdbath... and so, as promised, the results. Well, I'm a bit embarassed... I won. Not a commanding win, mind you - I got sixteen correct (out of 24) and FOUR 2nd place finishers each got fifteen correct! They are: Elizabeth Arneson (oh-so-patient &amp; loving wife of Erik Arneson, my friend who runs the About.com/Board Games site) Gigi Johnson (who was nice to me back in high school &amp; not just because her sister &amp; I share the same birthday) Margaret Kellar (1/4 of the much-missed Kellar clan... her husband was our worship/youth pastor here at NewLife) Susan Rozmiarek (Ed &amp; Susan are gamers, friends, and - sadly - Aggies) Congratulations also go to the two 3rd place finishers (with 14 correct)... Bob Trezise &amp; Keith Monaghan. Here are the final scores... 16 - Mark Jackson 15 - Elizabeth Arneson, Gigi Johnson, Margaret Kellar, Susan Rozmiarek 14 - Bob Trezise, Keith Monaghan 12 - the "collective mind", Erik Arneson, Jeff Monaghan, Rebecca Becknal 11 - Jason Bullion 10 - Greg Thatcher, J. Hunter, Josh Bussell, Shane Oakley 9 - Crystal Bussell 8 - Jennifer Collier Madon, Wayne Hansen 7 - Ray Mulford 5 - Jim Christiansen, Joe Huber 4 - Darrell 3 - Tony BEST PICTURE: The Hurt Locker (we picked Avatar) BEST DIRECTOR: Katheryn Bigelow for The Hurt Locker (we picked James Cameron) BEST ACTOR: Jeff Bridges (Crazy Heart) - correct! BEST ACTRESS: Sandra Bullock (The Blind Side) - correct! BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR: Christoph Waltz (Inglorious Basterds) - correct! BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS: Mo'Nique (Precious) - correct! ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY: The Hurt Locker (we picked Inglorious Basterds) ADAPATED SCREENPLAY: Precious - correct! CINEMATOGRAPHY: Avatar - correct! FILM EDITING: The Hurt Locker (we picked Avatar) ART DIRECTION: Avatar - correct! COSTUME DESIGN: The Young Victoria (we picked Nine) ACHIEVEMENT IN ORIGINAL MUSIC: Up - correct! BEST ORIGINAL SONG: "The Weary Kind" (Crazy Heart) - correct! ACHIEVEMENT IN MAKEUP: Star Trek - correct! ACHIEVEMENT IN SOUND EDITING: The Hurt Locker (we picked Avatar OR Star Trek) ACHIEVEMENT IN SOUND MIXING: The Hurt Locker (we picked Avatar) ACHIEVEMENT IN VISUAL EFFECTS: Avatar - correct! BEST ANIMNATED FEATURE: Up - correct! BEST FOREIGN LANGUAGE FILM: El Secreto de Sus Ojos - Argentina (we picked Das weisse Band - Germany OR Un prophète - France) BEST DOCUMENTARY: The Cove (we picked Food, Inc.) BEST DOCUMENTARY SHORT SUBJECT: Music by Prudence (we picked The Last Truck: Closing of a GM Plant)... btw, Jason Bullion was the only one to get this one correct! BEST LIVE-ACTION SHORT: The New Tenants (we picked Miracle Fish) BEST ANIMATED SHORT FILM: Logorama (we picked A Matter of Loaf &amp; Death)... NONE of us got this correct! And some final thoughts on the Oscar ceremony and a couple of the films: The category explanations were much more concise &amp; "spot on" than in previous years... and the lame jokes by presenters were kept to a minimum - thank you. Hollywood, if you're listening, John Lasseter told you the secret to making great films during his short film introduction blurb. Hint: it's not the tools. Ben Stiller is to Oscar night as John Ratzenberger is to Pixar films. The dual host thing worked OK - not bad but not great. Please don't waste Neil Patrick Harris again - if you're going to let him sing, turn him loose in something besides a Vegas showgirls number. Didn't listen to the majority of the acceptance speeches thanks to Tivo - probably missed a good moment or two but also missed a lot of dreck. What was up with George Clooney? Who put a thumbtack in his chair? I guess I need to see "The Hurt Locker" now. And "Avatar." The memorial for John Hughes was very classy... thanks, Academy. "The Breakfast Club" is still one of the best films ever about the social dynamics &amp; rabid insecurities of high school. Each year since 2000, I've hosted what I jokingly call "Mark's Oscar Birdbath"... it's just not right to call it an Oscar Pool when there's no money involved. I invite folks from throughout my life (past &amp; present churches, high school friends, family, gamer buddies, etc.) to participate. (Don't be miffed if you weren't asked to join - what with the compiling of the Five &amp; Dime reports and life in general, I don't want to get too big a crowd playing.) BEST PICTURE: Avatar BEST DIRECTOR: James Cameron BEST ACTOR: Jeff Bridges (Crazy Heart) BEST ACTRESS: Sandra Bullock (The Blind Side) BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR: Christoph Waltz (Inglorious Basterds) BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS: Mo'Nique, (Precious) ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY: Inglorious Basterds ADAPATED SCREENPLAY: Precious OR Up in the Air CINEMATOGRAPHY: Avatar FILM EDITING: Avatar ART DIRECTION: Avatar COSTUME DESIGN: Nine ACHIEVEMENT IN ORIGINAL MUSIC: Up BEST ORIGINAL SONG: "The Weary Kind" (Crazy Heart) ACHIEVEMENT IN MAKEUP: Star Trek ACHIEVEMENT IN SOUND EDITING: Avatar OR Star Trek ACHIEVEMENT IN SOUND MIXING: Avatar ACHIEVEMENT IN VISUAL EFFECTS: Avatar BEST ANIMNATED FEATURE: Up BEST FOREIGN LANGUAGE FILM: Das weisse Band - Eine deutsche Kindergeschichte (Germany) OR Un prophète (France) BEST DOCUMENTARY: Food, Inc. BEST DOCUMENTARY SHORT SUBJECT: The Last Truck: Closing of a GM Plant BEST LIVE-ACTION SHORT: Miracle Fish BEST ANIMATED SHORT FILM: A Matter of Loaf &amp; Death Come back on Monday &amp; see how the collective mind of "my friends" did this time around... and find out who won the Birdbath! A couple of "I'd like to thank the Academy"-ish kind of things to close this post out: Thanks to Steve Stigler &amp; his buddies from high school (especially Chris Newcomb), who first introduced me to Oscar Pools and the musical stylings of Stephen Sondheim when we were students together at Baylor University Thanks to Matt Baldwin, whose website, Defective Yeti , is the one who makes it so darn easy for me to maintain the Birdbath As some of you remember, one of my favorite blogs is NPR's pop culture mash-up, Monkey See . What follows is from a post from there by Linda Holmes - it's actually about pop culture &amp; science education, but see if it doesn't apply equally well to ministry... Neil deGrasse Tyson: At the end, I said, "Just by a show of hands, how many among you do not own a television?" These are people who teach physics. Half the hands went up. I said, "Of those who remain, who own a television, how many of you don't watch it except maybe you put a movie on it?" Half the hands went up. Which meant three-quarters of that audience had no access to the single greatest force on the thinking of the people who it is that they're trying to teach. And I said to them: you cannot call yourself an educator if you have no insights into the tangled mental pathways that exist in the people who you are trying to teach. It's not just a lesson plan you're handing people. You've got to get in the head and find out how they're going to misthink what it is you're saying. You've got to get in the head and find out what excites them to care about what it is you're saying. And if you don't, you're just simply lecturing. You're not an educator, you're a lecturer, and they either get it or they don't. If that's what you are, fine, but don't pretend you're anything else. So the average kid watches 30 hours of TV a week. You should at least know what it is. I'm not saying watch it every night. But if there's a hit show, know what the hit show is. Take a minute, watch American Idol. Watch NOVA. Watch the movie of the week. Watch the football game. Watch Janet Jackson's left breast. Find out what people are talking about. Because that will matter to them, whether or not it matters to you. You know something? You're not the subject of that class -- they are... Not all television programming lends itself to that analysis, but nonetheless, there could have been an episode that had an interesting twist, a plot that you can tap. In fact, I view those tools as features on the utility belt that I carry with me every day. I'll call that my cultural utility belt... And therein, I think, should be the tool kit of the educator. Little bit of pop culture, little bit of sports, little bit of politics, little bit of everything that's not in your field, because it's going to be in everybody else's portfolio of interests. It allows you to go places undreamt of if all you did was speak to the line-by-line notes of your curriculum. Read the whole thing at Why Educators Need A Cultural Utility Belt . 44 years ago today, John Lennon opened his mouth during a magazine interview in England and this is what tumbled out: Christianity will go. It will vanish and shrink. I needn't argue about that; I'm right and I'll be proved right. We're more popular than Jesus now; I don't know which will go first—rock 'n' roll or Christianity. Jesus was all right but his disciples were thick and ordinary. It's them twisting it that ruins it for me. A few months later, the American magazine Datebook reprinted the quote... and things went a bit nuts. There were record burnings, death threats, and even the KKK got involved. By the way, important safety tip: you can figure out when you've probably gone off the deep end in your reactions when the Ku Klux Klan agrees with you. (You can read more details about it on Wikipedia .) Lennon: I suppose if I had said television was more popular than Jesus, I would have gotten away with it, but I just happened to be talking to a friend and I used the words "Beatles" as a remote thing, not as what I think - as Beatles, as those other Beatles like other people see us. I just said "they" are having more influence on kids and things than anything else, including Jesus. But I said it in that way which is the wrong way. Reporter: Some teenagers have repeated your statements - "I like the Beatles more than Jesus Christ." What do you think about that? Lennon: Well, originally I pointed out that fact in reference to England. That we meant more to kids than Jesus did, or religion at that time. I wasn't knocking it or putting it down. I was just saying it as a fact and it's true more for England than here. I'm not saying that we're better or greater, or comparing us with Jesus Christ as a person or God as a thing or whatever it is. I just said what I said and it was wrong. Or it was taken wrong. And now it's all this. Reporter: But are you prepared to apologise? Lennon: I wasn't saying whatever they're saying I was saying. I'm sorry I said it really. I never meant it to be a lousy anti-religious thing. I apologise if that will make you happy. I still don't know quite what I've done. I've tried to tell you what I did do but if you want me to apologise, if that will make you happy, then OK, I'm sorry. So, this morning, my friend, game designer Stephen Glenn , decided to use his Facebook status update to mock the Beatles tune, "All You Need Is Love" - and then I commented about the anniversary... and we were off to the races. Let's say, for sake of argument, that at any given time the Beatles -were- more popular than Jesus. In the big False American Idol contest, Jesus comes in third behind money and The Beatles. Why would that even matter to someone who had chosen to dedicate their life to Christ? Are they so insecure and threatened if someone/thing happens to be more "popular" than their guy? First, ouch. Score one point for the snarky game designer with the Spiel des Jahres nomination under his belt. Biblically, Jesus was a "man of no reputation" ( Philippians 2:7 ) and "despised &amp; rejected by men" ( Isaiah 53 )... so I must humbly admit that you, Stephen Glenn, are correct. So, I didn't use it in a sermon - though that may still happen. It became a blog post. (Stephen graciously OK'd my use of this so I didn't have to steal &amp; therefore missed breaking a commandment tonight - thanks, dude!) Look, if Jesus really was a man of no reputation - a guy who managed to cheese off both the government &amp; the religious leadership - why are we who call ourselves followers of Christ so concerned about polishing his image? Isn't the objective to be more like Him rather than to make the world like Him? And if that's our goal, our vision, our pot of gold at the end of the proverbial rainbow, why do we waste so much of our time &amp; energy trying to force other people to pay respect to God, like we were some kind of enforcers for a spiritual mob boss or a ministers of protocol to some tinpot dictator? If God doesn't care that much about his Q rating, why should we? I'll let singer/songwriter Rick Elias have the last word(s) with his song, "Man of No Reputation" : It was said this man was of no reputation Yet He could stop the rising storm With a gesture of His hand But He chose to use His hands to heal Hearts of darkness, hearts of stone Just like mine would be revealed He was a man of no reputation And by the wise, considered a fool When He spoke about faith and forgiveness In a time when the strongest arms ruled But this man of no reputation Loved the weak with relentless affection And He loved all those poor in spirit just as they were He was a man of no reputation It was said this man brought only confusion That He'd achieve his ends by any means And the truth that it brings revolution And for once they were right The truth set us free The hearts of the captive were his only concern And the powerful knew their days were ending One day soon the gates of heaven will open wide And the Prince of Peace will come back for His bride But for now we live on these streets Forbidding and tough Where push always comes to shove And it's said love's never enough Where a prophet in rags gives hope to a fearful world No injustice, no heart of darkness Will keep this voice from being heard He was a man of no reputation And by the wise, considered a fool When He spoke about faith and forgiveness In a time when the strongest arms ruled But this man of no reputation Loves us all with relentless affection And He loves all those poor in spirit, come as you are 
This article, written by Jonathan Hartley, was originally published in the Python Magazine. Acceptance Testing .NET Applications using IronPython Unit tests demonstrate to developers that individual functions and classes work as expected. Acceptance tests are an orthogonal complement to this. They verify to everybody, including managers and clients, that features they understand and care about are completed and working correctly. They also prove that the system as a whole is correctly integrated and that no regressions have occurred. Resolver Systems is developing a .NET desktop spreadsheet application, Resolver One, for which we have accumulated an acceptance testing framework. This framework uses Python’s standard unittest module, and is executed using IronPython. While Resolver One is written in IronPython, this technique allows IronPython tests to interact with product code written in any .NET language. This article describes the principles of this IronPython acceptance testing framework, and demonstrates them by creating an acceptance test for a small sample C# GUI application. March 9th (that's tomorrow at the time of typing) IronPython in Action is the Manning deal of the day. This is a one day offer with a special discount. You can get the discount by buying IronPython in Action from the Manning website and using the discount code dotd0310tw. It isn't only IronPython in Action that is on offer, you can also get Quick Python by Vern Ceder. &nbsp;In 2009 I made 312 posts on IronPython-URLs, a bit short of an average of one a day that it looked like I might manage earlier in the year. According to google analytics there were more than 112 thousand page views to a total of 2042 pages on the blog. An average of over three hundred page views a day. Feedburner estimates that this blog has around eight hundred readers. Many of those will read the articles via RSS or Planet Python and rarely visit the website. It's interesting to note that of the most popular articles in 2009 (most page views) several of them are to do with choice of IDE or using IronPython with Visual Studio. The question of which IDE to use with IronPython is still alive and well: New Sample: Writing a DLR Language in C# or IronPython &nbsp; (May 2009, 1892 page views) IronPython in SharpDevelop 3.1 and Converting C# to IronPython &nbsp; (May 2009, 1412 page views) C# Becomes a Dynamic Language... &nbsp; (December 2008, 1164 page views) Python is the easiest language in which to do interesting things &nbsp; (February 2009, 1150 page views) Python Support in Visual Studio &nbsp; (June 2009, 1119 page views) Another IDE for IronPython? Eclipse and PyDev &nbsp; (July 2009, 1077 page views) Davy's IronPython Editor &nbsp; (January 2009, 1032 page views) Jeff Hardy: Django, Zlib and easy_install on IronPython (January 2009, 949 page views) Writing an IronPython Debugger &nbsp; (March 2009, 816 page views) Running Python from C# &nbsp; (September 2008, 789 page views) My recent post Does Microsoft Take Dynamic Languages Seriously looks a bit at how much work it would be to get IronPython support in Visual Studio, and there have been a couple of interesting posts on this topic since. IDEs and IronPython is a topic that is likely to continue to be of interest in 2010 as well. Another collection of IronPython and DLR related articles from around the web. A fine way to end 2009. SLog: Silverlight Logging A nascent project to Port Log(4|5)J from Java to C# with the goal of usefulness in Silverlight, especially for IronPython. A WPF Picture Viewer NotifyIcon to use from IronPython &nbsp;Two Japanese blog entries, both by sasakima-nao. As with previous entries the code examples are very readable. The first is a simple WPF picture viewer (nice penguins) and the second shows how to create a NotifyIcon and ContextMenu in the taskbar (with Windows Forms classes). Python-Ruby (and a little bit of soap) This blog entry is in Russian, but I think there are enough code examples for it to be useful for those of us who don't speak Russian. As I've mentioned before the promise of the Dynamic Language Runtime is that dynamic languages can interoperate and share libraries. This is exactly what this blog entry shows: using the Ruby soap/wsdlDriver from Python. The cool thing is that this is done with a helper / wrapper library, that looks like it could be used to expose virtually any Ruby module / class that can be accessed through IronRuby to IronPython. Using his ruby module, the code looks like this: from ruby import _import_, get_class _import_('soap/wsdlDriver') Soap = get_class('SOAP::WSDLDriverFactory') client = Soap('http://localhost1/Service1.asmx?WSDL').create_rpc_driver() client.HelloWorld(None) I've Been Bitten By... IronPython Marcus McElhaney has discovered IronPython and likes it. The reasons he gives are: 1. I can very easy use everything I know about the .Net Framework, VB.Net, and&nbsp; C# 2. I can run IronPython in Visual Studio 3. I can reference ESRI's&nbsp; ArcObjects libraries in&nbsp; Visual Studio and IronPython What's even more gratifying is that he has been exploring IronPython through IronPython in Action and likes that too. A slight misspelling gives rise to my favourite quote about IronPython in Action: IronPython In Action is probably the best Python book I have ever pickled up because it also explains a lot of not just Python but also about .Net. If any book deserved to be pickled up, this is it... Have a great 2010. My belief is that the answer to the question in the title of this entry is an emphatic yes. Microsoft have poured a lot of money into IronPython, IronRuby and the Dynamic Language Runtime and have demonstrated a consistent commitment since the inception of IronPython. What they haven't done is build full support into their premier development tool, Visual Studio. The reason for this is that it is a very difficult problem. Visual Studio is built around statically typed languages. Features like intellisense, refactoring and code navigation all rely on having type information which is absent in languages like Python and Ruby. (The way they are implemented in Visual Studio requires that information I mean.) What Microsoft have done is provide example integration in the form of IronPython Studio, which frankly sucks . Many important features are fragile, broken or missing altogether. Good IDEs like PyDev and Wing do provide these features, so it is definitely possible - it just requires a lot of work from scratch. Microsoft have however added intellisense for Javascript , particularly for jQuery, into Visual Studio. Javascript is of course a dynamic language, but without having tried the integration I can't tell you how well it compares to using a good Python IDE. I believe that Microsoft would like to add support for dynamic languages to Visual Studio and that it will come eventually. Really they have a lot to lose by not doing it. Now they have a good platform for dynamic developers to use, which they give away free, but the tools they charge for don't really support them. This puts them in a position of either bringing developers to their platform but not being able to make any money, or having their existing developers stay with their platform but losing dependence on the toolset. Neither option looks much good for Microsoft. ( NOTE: for those who can't wait for official Microsoft support and have Visual Studio 2010, try Jeff Hardy's IronPython for Visual Studio Extensions .) Anyway, K. Scott Allen sees things a little differently and I understand his frustration: Is Microsoft taking Dynamic Languages Seriously? Consider this … IronPython got underway in July of 2004. Five years later it appears IronPython is still not a candidate to be a first class language in the .NET framework and tools. You can vote on this issue . Microsoft first released IronRuby at Mix in 2007. Nearly three years later it appears IronRuby is still not a candidate to be a first class language in the .NET framework and tools. You can vote on this issue . A first class language is deployed when the full .NET framework is installed. It’s as easy to find as csc.exe . It’s not a language you have to ask the IT department to install separately. It’s not a language that requires you to jump out of Visual Studio to edit or run. Most of all, a first class language doesn’t require justification to higher powers. A first class language is pre-certified and stamped with a seal of approval. It’s as easy to use in the locked-down big corporate setting as the company paper shredder. Of course here we are talking about Microsoft as if it was a single entity with a single intention. The reality of course is that Microsoft is a huge company with many divisions and even more individuals working there. In all likelihood the vast majority of Microsoft employees have never heard of IronPython. The relevant division is the programming languages group, which includes Visual Studio development, and where the majority of employees who are developers probably have heard of IronPython if not actually used it... Adding official dynamic languages support to Visual Studio would require substantial investment of time and effort, so even if everyone in this department was determined to add support it would still be dependent on forces from other parts of the company who have other needs and priorities... Ironclad is a compatibility layer that allows you to use Python C extensions with IronPython. Ironclad is open source and development has been funded by Resolver Systems and it is integrated into Resolver One to allow you to use Numpy within Resolver One spreadsheets . Ironclad works by implementing the Python C API in a combination of C#, C and Python. Although Ironclad only works on 32 bit Windows at the moment the implementation has been done in such a way that porting it to run on other platforms (with Mono) and 64 bit would be relatively easy. Patches welcomed! Recent development has changed the implementation to use gcc-xml to access and transform the Python C source code. By reusing as much of the original implementation as possible it minimizes the amount that needs to be 'hand-coded'. It leaves only a (moderately) small core that would need to be reimplemented if Jython, PyPy (or other implementations) wanted to reuse Ironclad. The C# would need to be re-coded in Java or RPython, using the platform's native FFI instead of PInvoke on .NET. The advantage of reusing Ironclad is that difficult problems, like handling the Global Interpreter Lock and matching reference counting to different garbage collection strategies, are already solved (well, for some value of solved...). Anyway, that is all by way of introduction. William Reade, core developer of Ironclad, has just announced Ironclad 2.6 RC. This is a release candidate of Ironclad targeting IronPython 2.6. Ironclad 2.6.0rc1 released I'm very happy to announce the latest release (candidate) of Ironclad, the 120-proof home-brewed CPython compatibility layer, now available for IronPython 2.6! No longer need .NET pythonistas toil thanklessly without the benefits of bz2 , csv , numpy and scipy : with a simple ' import ironclad ', (most parts of) the above packages -- and many more -- will transparently Just Work. Get the package from: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; http://code.google.com/p/ironclad/ ...and get support from: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; http://groups.google.com/group/c-extensions-for-ironpython ...or just ask me directly. I'm very keen to hear your experiences, both positive and negative; I haven't been able to test it on as many machines as I have in the past, so your feedback is especially important this time round-. Cheers William - I'd be especially grateful if someone with a newish multicore machine would run the numpy and scipy test scripts (included in the source distrbution) a few times to check for consistent results and absence of weird crashes; if someone volunteers, I'll help however I can. William has recently started blogging. I recommend browsing the few entries he has already posted, particularly this rant on static typing and this post on .NET marshalling , but his latest is of particular interest: Spare batteries for IronPython As we all know, Python comes with batteries included in the form of a rich standard library; and, on top of this, there are many awesome and liberally-licensed packages just an easy_install away. IronPython, of course, includes -most- of the CPython standard library, but if you're a heavy user you might have noticed a few minor holes: in the course of my work on Ironclad, I certainly have. Happily for you I can vaguely remember what I did in the course of bodging them closed with cow manure and chewing gum; here then, for your edification and delectation, is my personal recipe for a delicious reduced-hassle IronPython install, with access to the best and brightest offered by CPython, on win32. More IronPython and DLR related projects, articles and news from around the web. Embedded IronRuby and IronPython in Silverlight with Multiple Source Files A&nbsp; nice example of embedding both IronPython and IronRuby in a single C# project. As an added bonus the project is a Silverlight project so you can add both Python and Ruby scripting to applications that run in the browser. slimtune: A free profiling and performance tuning tool for .NET applications IronPython 2.6 has useful new hooks for profiling and debugging IronPython code. Unfortunately most 'standard' .NET tools don't know how to use these, and if you attempt to profile IronPython code (particularly in an embedded environment) you have to work hard to get useful information about performance of your Python code. It's nice to see a new (and open source) tool that is designed to work with IronPython: SlimTune is a free profiler and performance analysis/tuning tool for .NET based applications, including C#, VB.NET, IronPython, and more. It provides many powerful features, such as remote profiling, real time results, multiple plugin-based visualizations, and much more. The source code is available under the terms of the MIT License. SlimTune is currently in the prototyping phase of development, but a preview release is available for testing and feedback is welcome. Both x86 and x64 targets are supported, but only sampling based profiling is available in the release. Future of Managed JScript When IronPython 2 and the Dynamic Language Runtime were announced one of the three Microsoft developed languages that ran on the DLR was JScript. Managed JScript was an implementation of ECMAScript (otherwise known as Javascript) and touted as a useful bridge for porting 'traditional-ajax' applications to run on Silverlight. Unfortunately as the DLR evolved JScript languished and there was no official word on its fate. In this post on the DLR Codeplex forum Bill Chiles (DLR Program Manager) gives the bad news: The DLR JScript was experimental for informing the design of the DLR (expression trees, interop, callsites, hosting, etc.).&nbsp; The JS we released with asp futures and the Silverlight dynamic sdk became very old and unserviceable as the DLR continued evolving for release in CLR 4.0.&nbsp; Unfortunately, there are no plans at this time to develop and release a DLR-hostable JScript. IronPython SHGetFileInfoW is ctypes A Japanese blog entry showing example code using the new implementation of ctypes in IronPython 2.6. ctypes is the Python FFI and in IronPython it is built on top of PInvoke , the .NET FFI. ctypes is used for calling into native code, like the Win32 API. Calls SHGetFileInfoW , which " Retrieves information about an object in the file system, such as a file, folder, directory, or drive root ." IronPython on deviantART No idea what this has to do with the implementation of Python for .NET, but IronPython is the username of someone on the alternative community art site deviantART. Some pretty nice computer generated art, and who knows - maybe they were created from Python... IronPython and the Dynamic Language Runtime make it almost ridiculously easy to add scripting to .NET applications. In recent weeks several examples of using IronPython to add scripting or interactive shells to .NET applications have been posted by the .NET community: Command-line scripting of IronPython code in AutoCAD This post was heavily inspired by the code presented by my old friend Albert Szilvasy during his excellent AU class on using .NET 4.0 with AutoCAD . ... In this post we’ll take Albert’s technique and implement a command-line interface for querying and executing IronPython script. This approach could also be adapted to work with other DLR languages such as IronRuby, of course. Here’s the updated C# code which now not only implements PYLOAD functionality, but also a PYEXEC command. &nbsp; Scriptability via the DLR and PostSharp &nbsp;Making an application scriptable (particularly in a static language) has historically been difficult. With the advent of the DLR (Dynamic Language Runtime) on the .NET platform it becomes almost trivial to add scripting support to any application. For a recent project I needed the ability to add scripting hooks throughout the application and coupling the DLR with PostSharp AOP attributes made this effort pretty straightforward. Here’s how it was done. Revit Python Shell Introducing RevitPythonShell According to wikipedia : " Autodesk Revit is Building Information Modeling software for Microsoft Windows, currently developed by Autodesk, which allows the user to design with parametric modeling and drafting elements.&nbsp; Building Information Modeling is a Computer Aided Design (CAD) paradigm that allows for intelligent, 3D and parametric object-based design. " Jeremy Tavik blogs about working with the Revit API, and in this post he discusses a Python Shell for Revit that created by Daren Thomas with IronPython: Daren Thomas of the Professur für Gebäudetechnik, Institut für Hochbautechnik at the technical university ETH Zürich has published a Python Shell for Revit. It was implemented using IronPython and is used to automate the running of daily tests of a building energy analysis package. Hosting IronPython via a Revit plug-in is a now solved problem. Daren's intention is to continue publishing samples of what you can do with it pretty regularly in the future. The source code is available under the GNU General Public License v3 from a Subversion repository on code.google.com. It is documented, though there is currently little other stand-alone documentation. One would probably want to look for the IExternalApplication entry point and go from there. What the application does is: Add a button to the Revit ribbon to start the python shell. Execute a python script entered in a text box, with output going to a separate window. Daren describes one of the main scripts like this: it " will open up an interactive interpreter loop known as a REPL that will let you explore the Revit API. And by explore, I mean type a statement, hit enter, see the results, carry on. It doesn't get easier as this! " Scripting ADAM with IronPython IronPython is an implementation of the Python language for the .NET framework, using the new Dynamic Language Runtime (DLR) as language services layer on top of the Common Language Runtime (CLR). The DLR's reusable hosting model makes it extremely suitable to add scripting capabilities to existing products. In this post we'll create an ADAM command line utility that will allow us to run IronPython scripts against an ADAM application. ... Our command line tool will expose a single command, RunScript, that will take in ADAM connection information and a path to a Python file to execute: 
 This video is over a year old but I just found out about it today and had to share. I always enjoy these videos where love knows know bounds. There is a follow up to this story as well. After this story aired, the couple was inundated with book and movie offers. Not surprising. This youtube video has more then 3 million views. The Mass House has voted to ban the surgical " debarking " or silencing of dogs or cats unless a vet says it's needed for the health of the dog. These small steps help in reducing the amount of animal cruelty that happens. The vote was 150-1. I just found out about this and was shocked to find a 15 year old from Needam high, Jordan Star , proposed this bill with the help of Scott Brown and backed by Democratic House Majority Whip Lida E. Harkins. This process is over a year in the making and seems to be one way of getting both parties to work together. Good work. .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } Muddy feet 8/52 , originally uploaded by phaird . Everyone who brought the dog to the park this weekend either planned on giving there dog a bath or had to anyway. It's been raining in and around Mass for a few days and the temps have been staying above freezing. All this makes for some really messy parks. I bailed out on our walk in the woods today because there are too many mud traps on the path. A few weeks ago we had to abandon our walk because of the path being too icy. Today I didn't even try because of the mud. I am excited that March is here. I've got plans for some spring photo shoots at the park in Acton, Waltham, Boston, and a few other places. I think it will be lots of fun. I'm going to set up a studio shoot and try to photograph as many dogs as I can. I'm hoping that will be a good promotion for my photography business. Still in the planning stages but more info will come soon. Dog toys as just toys are so old skool. Check out Nina Ottosson . She has created a whole set of dog PUZZLES. Yea, average chew toys with some food in it isn't enough for the serious dog owner anymore. You've got to get the puzzle to really keep your pet entertained. My mind thought that this might be a little odd for a dog. Almost mean because I would think the dog doesn't really care about the game, only about the treat. But in the article in the Bark magazine online, she points out dogs that are goal driven, like herding dogs, really enjoy and learn the process. I like the idea. I'm not sure my Toby would really be into it but I do know a few dogs at the park who would get a kick out of something like this to pass the time. If they couldn't make it to the park that is. .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } waiting for treats , originally uploaded by phaird . It was another cold, windy day at the park. Toby and I tried to walk up the paths behind the open area where the dogs spend most of there time. We didn't get very far because the path was too icy. We came back down and hung out with the Aussies. There is always a few here at the park. There can be as many as 12 or more on a busy day but that is more in the summer. There were some new dogs who found there way to the park this weekend too. Word of mouth is a powerful thing. One dog, Colby (like the cheese), just moved to the area and are really loving the open space. his owner heard about the Acton park from a neighbor and found her way here. It's always good to have more dogs playing. Colby met Ringo and played non-stop for almost an hour. .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } Toby surrounded , originally uploaded by phaird . Winter can be hit or miss at the park. When one day can be sunny and nice and the next could be windy, snowing and cold. you'll always have the regulars at the park. They know what to expect and their dogs demand that they show up. So the people show up all wrapped up in there winter gear, faces covered, gloves on and leash ready. There was a group who showed up on sweat shirts thinking that would be enough in an open field with no protection from the wind. I watched as they scurried back to their car to get their heavy coats. Most of the dogs don't care. Some like mine, a small rat terrier with a short coat is much happier in doors, on the couch, wrapped in a blanket (yea, he's spoiled). But others like the Aussies love it. They can run and never get over heated. The community and interaction is something that they look forward to every week. To be honest, so do I. .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000; }.flickr-yourcomment { }.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px; }.flickr-caption { font-size: 0.8em; margin-top: 0px; } Aussies wanting treats , originally uploaded by phaird . How can such a sunny day feel so cold. Okay, I know. I'm a wimp but if I am, so is Toby. It's been really cold for the past few days and even with the sun out, I didn't last too long at the park. Some dogs, like the Aussies don't care at all. They love being out in the snow, running around, chasing balls. It was great for them. The More the better. Tikka, Jake, bella and others were all out today. There is a pretty large group of Aussies who come very weekend and they are always great to see. Very smart dogs, they love coming out, being around other dogs as well as good with people, you never have to worry about them getting out of hand. As herding dogs, I'd expect to see them chasing the other dogs around and try to keep an order but that isn't the case. They hang out, play ball, and check in with there owners most of the time. It does help that there owners love them dearly and treat them so well. It's nice to see that lots of good postings and keeping my blog active is slowly paying off. I've been asked by this dog training website ( trainpetdog.com ) to sign up for the 2010 Dog Blog Award Contest. This isn't based on the quality of the blog or even the content. I could put up my other blog about commuting which I abandoned a while back and if I could get enough people to vote for it, I could win. It's all about getting you, my readers to click on the link and sign in. Now at first I was kinda excited but then was a bit skeptical. This is normally to get people to sign up to be on a mailing list. That is just what this is BUT, I went through the process, signed up, and voted for myself. It does take you to a "join our mailing list" but you don't have to fill that part out. All you have to do is put in a code on the main page and that's it. Once you submit that info, you don't have to join the mailing list. You can if you want but as long as it's an option, I figured, what could it hurt. SO, if you'd like to help me receive the 2010 Dog Blog Award, Please go the the Trainpetdog.com website and put in this code. 6nfQA . Thanks everyone for being such great fans of my blog. 
Courtesy some research on Kickstarter, I found this interesting program that pairs the publicly available data on Google Earth with a flight sim . Practice your drone flying now. Again, this is commercially available . For fun . Thanks to the folks at NewTeeVee , friend-of-blog Megan Wilson's show The Sanctum , about superheroes in addiction therapy, is on the YouTube front page. Nicely done, Former Filthy Assistant! by M A N @roquesdoodle I'm in Seattle getting ready for the Emerald City Comicon at the moment, so no big post today. But I thought it'd be fun to mention two of Seattle's biggest contributions to the guitar world: Jimi Hendrix and Kurt Cobain . One was the godfather of shred and represents the quintessential rock star while the other does...not. They had radically different approaches to the instrument from one another, yet both still have tremendous influence on players. And both changed popular music as we know it. Funny what you can do with six strings and a piece of wood. Any other Seattle guitar players (or musicians in general) worth mentioning? Let's hear it in comments. And if you happen to be in Seattle this weekend and will be attending the show, I'll be at BOOM! booth #402. Stop on by and say hi. Based on a long-running room bit about a Rom-com I'm writing ... Courtesy i09 EDIT: So this isn't just a referral post, I'll ask a question for the Comments. Favorite season/ep/scene? and if you were giving the box set to a total virgin, would you suggest they stop watching at some point, and if so, where? Beth gears up for a stunt. His new self-produced EP is out, and is already #2 on iTunes in Country and #4 on Amazon in Country. Welcome to the New Marketplace. Christian Kane on Amazon. iTunes ... go search. I have no idea how to link to iTunes/ I should learn that, eh? EDIT: Thanks, Commenters. iTunes link here . Courtesy Cory over at BoingBoing and Making Light , some buskers get an entire Manhattan subway station to help finish off "Hey Jude". Seriously, in all my travels, I have never seen people more reliably capable of spontaneous ... humanity than New Yorkers. Hey Jude Times Square Subway Station from 39forks on Vimeo . 
 Before reading any of the "reviews", you should read the intro , the FAQ , the MOVIES I HAVE ALREADY SEEN list, and if you want, the glossary of genre terms and " What is Horror? ", which explains some of the "that's not horror!" entries. There is also a handy recommendation thread that you can use to post suggestions for movies. And to keep things clean, all off topic posts are re-dated to be in JANUARY 2007 (which was before I began doing this little project) once they have 'expired' (i.e. are 10 days old). Due to many people commenting "I have to see this movie!" after a review, I have decided to add Amazon links within the reviews (they are located at the bottom), as well as a few links to the Horror Movie A Day Store around the page, hopefully non-obstructively. Amazon will also automatically link things they find relevant, so there might be a few random links in a review as well. If they become annoying, I'll remove the functionality. Right now I'm just kind of amused what they come up with (for example, they highlighted 'a horror movie' in the middle of one review and it links to, of all things, the 50 Chilling Movies Budget Pack!!!). Last but not least, some reviews contain spoilers (NOTE - With a few exceptions, anything written on the back of the DVD or that occurs less than halfway through the movie I do NOT consider a spoiler). I will be adding 'spoiler alerts' for these reviews as I go through and re-do the older reviews (longtime readers may notice that there is now a 'show more' which cleaned up the main page, as well as listing the source of the movie I watched, i.e. Theaters, DVD, TV) to reflect the new format. This is time consuming, so bear with me. Thanks for coming by and be sure to leave comments, play nice, and as always, watch Cathy's Curse . MARCH 16, 2010 GENRE: PREDATOR , SURVIVAL SOURCE: DVD (ONLINE RENTAL) I was surprised to learn that William Girdler was only my age when he died (in a helicopter crash), shortly after the release of his epic The Manitou . I had figured he was in his 50s or something, especially since that and his previous film, Day Of The Animals (aka Something Is Out There ), featured mostly middle aged characters. It’s rare to see someone write/direct a film populated primarily with characters that are far older than they are. It’s really a damn shame that he died so young; in just seven years he made NINE features, all of which have a cult following (and are quite entertaining, at least of the ones I have seen). I wonder what he would have done in the 80s... Anyway, Animals is a treat. It’s apparently a “but with more animals” version of his previous film Grizzly (which itself was a Jaws knockoff), so I hope I haven’t spoiled that film for myself, but if its even half as much fun as this, I’m sure I’ll still have a damn good time. Like Frogs or Long Weekend , the film is about animals taking revenge on the humans that have ruined their habitat, but it’s far more entertainment-minded than those films. And by that I mean I laughed at pretty much every death scene. The key one is when Jon Cedar’s character is killed by snakes AND a dog (odd team up) as he tries to get into a car that will allow him to rescue a little girl. Stupidly backing into his snake-filled car, he is first bitten a few times by the rattlers and such, and then the dog leaps on him and tears him apart. Not only is his death a bit of a surprise (since he was a pretty decent guy and had been more or less set up as a hero), but it’s also a bit of a hilarious “bummer”, since it seems likely that the little girl isn’t going to get rescued either (but she does, much later). I just wish there was some more variety, or at least fewer dog attacks. The film’s poster suggests an entire Wildlife Treasury box of antagonists, but it’s primarily dogs for the film’s final half hour, which is odd as they aren’t exactly forest dwelling animals. They also prolong one of the dog attacks (at the helicopter) by obviously re-using shots; I’d rather the attack was just shortened and then maybe a lion or some rabbits show up and make things worse. Can’t go wrong with the cast though. You got one of the many Christopher and Linda George (real life husband and wife) team ups, although their characters oddly rarely speak to each other despite being in the same location for the bulk of the film. Like Girdler, George died way too young; his performances are usually the highlight of the numerous horror films in which he starred during the late 70s/early 80s. But even better: Leslie Nielsen in a rare villainous role. He plays the requisite asshole of the group (a la NOTLD ’s Mr. Cooper), and turns from mildly abrasive to full blown crazy over the course of the film, ultimately attempting to rape one of the female members of the ill-fated hiking group (after knocking around a woman AND her 10 year old son). Even scarier - he plays his final scenes without a shirt. If you’ve only seen him in his spoof comedies, this shit will blow your mind (it’s still not as disturbing as his sleazy john character in Nuts, however). Incidentally, one of his Airplane! co-stars also shows up - the little girl who takes her coffee “black, like her men”. RIP Peter Graves, by the way. It also has enough characters to keep it from getting boring, and refrains from killing them too quickly, which allows for more suspense. As with Tremors , they repeatedly put supporting characters in danger, but allow them to escape with minor injuries. A movie like Rogue sort of weakens itself by keeping the supporting cast out of it for the entire last third of the film, but this one keeps everyone around. And Girdler split them into three groups, so we get different settings, different group dynamics, and yes, different animals (though again, dogs seem to be everywhere). And as this is a 70s disaster film, you get a wide variety of characters - a cancer stricken football pro, a journalist, a young couple, Nielsen’s bitter businessman, the mother and son, etc. Some faces may be more familiar than others, but it really is an ensemble piece; even the Georges don’t have noticeably more screen time than the others. And it stays with them - there are some haz-mat guys wandering around at the end, but it's not like The Crazies where we keep cutting away from the action to show government and scientist types yammering about the problem and how to solve it. I just wish Media Blasters/Shriek Show had given the film more respect in the AV department. The transfer itself is fine - in that it’s anamorphic and doesn’t seem to be washed out. But they were using a terrible print as the source, the entire film is covered with scratches, color artifacts (the woods are purple during a big chunk of the climax), and even skips! At one point Nielsen is walking along with George, talking about food, and then suddenly he is stopped, talking to one of the other characters about something else entirely. The sound is pretty lousy too, it sounds like a record playing from the next room. Basically it looks like the stuff you get on Mill Creek releases, except you’re paying 20 bucks instead of 20 cents. The “TV Version” is also included, and it’s taken from a much cleaner source (no major print damage), but it’s also washed out and horribly cropped - they seemingly matted the (cropped) 1.33 TV ratio to 16:9, which means you’re missing the sides AND the top and bottom of the image! Examples below: No idea why they did this (and, obviously, both versions are more compressed than they should be in order to fit what is essentially two films on one side of the disc), but I wish they had looked for a better print, or at least tried to clean up the one they had. The technical issues carry over to the commentary too; Lynda George is muffled, Cedar sounds hollow, and Scott Spiegel sounds like he’s outside of the recording booth entirely. Spiegel is there to moderate, presumably, but he does a lousy job of keeping them on track. For every story about the film itself, there are about five about other movies/people/subjects entirely. Some of them are amusing - George talks about Pieces ! - but others are extraneous at best; I must admit I don’t really care to hear their thoughts on the merits of Gigli , the Mission: Impossible movies, or random Bill Shatner anecdotes, especially when the audio is so all over the place. The retrospective interviews are better, especially as they include animal wrangler/co-star Susan Backlinie (best known as the girl who gets killed in the opening scene of Jaws ), though George is absent for some reason (they had her for the commentary, they didn’t grab an interview?). Basically, it SOUNDS like a really great package on paper, but the actual presentation is largely shoddy and, frankly, amateurish. Make sure you pick this up dirt cheap. Now, on to Grizzly ! Or Abby , Girdler’s infamous “Black Exorcist” that was pulled after Warner Bros. threatened to sue. Anyone have a copy of that one? What say you? MARCH 15, 2010 GENRE: THRILLER SOURCE: DVD (STORE RENTAL) Remember the good ol’ days, when legit horror movies were billed as “psychological thrillers” or whatever by horror-fearing producers? Nowadays, it’s the other way around; standard thrillers like Possession are sold as full blown horror movies. The DVD and trailers proudly point out that the film is from the producers of The Ring and The Grudge , and the cover showed a ghostly, Feardotcom -y figure that has fuck all to do with the film. And the title was changed from Addicted to Possession , apparently in an attempt to get it to join Alien, Monster , Werewolf , and several other films where the title shares a name with its would-be HMAD genre tagging. Spoilers ahead! If you notice, I have not listed this as a Possession movie. But if you’ve seen the trailers or read a synopsis, you know the basic premise behind the film - two brothers, one an asshole (Lee Pace - surprisingly effective as a hardass) and the other a perfect man (Michael Landes), get into a car accident that leaves them both comatose. Pace wakes up and claims he’s his brother, having all of his memories and very much in love with the guy’s wife (Sarah Michelle Gellar). Is he possessed? Did they switch bodies? Or, is the asshole just putting on the most gloriously complicated act in history so he can nail his sister in law? I’ll let you double check the genre tagging and make your decision. Now, to be fair, at least it grounds the movie in some sort of reality, in that there’s nothing supernatural or metaphysical about it - the dude is simply lying. But in order to work, we have to suspend far too much disbelief; in fact, even more than we would had there actually been a supernatural explanation. Not only does he have to take on all of his brother’s mannerisms, but he has to learn how to sculpt, garden, etc. as his brother did (whereas he seemed to be some sort of electrician in his asshole life). He also has to hope that Gellar never asks him anything he can’t answer, such as, I dunno, one of the presumably millions of things they did together that the brother DIDN’T take a photo of or write about in a love letter. See, Gellar finally figures out the ruse when she goes through her letters and photos and sees that her husband had written about every single thing that Pace had used to “prove” he was Landes. It takes a full year for this to dawn on her, which is stupid enough (did she not READ the letters when they were given to her?), but again - did she restrict her inquiries to only the most memorable moments in their relationship? I suppose we are to believe that the part of her that wanted her husband back allowed her to sort of live in denial a bit. In fact, that IS the point of the film’s original ending, which is available on the DVD. It makes the film even less of a “horror” movie, but it’s at least more interesting. Originally, she realized he was lying and just let it slide, because I guess she figured a guy pretending to be her husband was better than nothing. In the ending on the film itself, she confronts him and they have a typical “chase through the house on a rainy night” battle, killing him in the process. Her real husband remains comatose (in the original ending they took him off life support). There’s a bit too much repeated footage on the alternate ending (it’s literally the entire last half hour of the movie, but only about 5-10 minutes are different), and again it makes its horror connection even flimsier, but its definitely preferable to the one that ended up in the film from a creative/storytelling point of view. If you are still interested in watching it after I’ve just spoiled BOTH endings, switch to the alternate after Gellar and Pace make love in the theatrical. I also think they go a bit overboard with trying to make Landes seem like the perfect man. He brings her flowers (twice!), makes her a cake, decorates the outside of their house with lights, lights a bunch of candles, doesn’t mind when she forgets their anniversary, fixes her grandmother’s necklace.... OK buddy, you’re a god and it would be a real shame if something bad happened to you. WE GET IT. The movie could have benefited from possibly not painting the brothers as such polar opposites - it would make the concept a bit easier to swallow, and they could use that screentime to develop Pace’s character a bit more. Why is he such a scumbag? And where did he acquire such fantastic mimic skills? Interestingly, if you go back and watch the film a 2nd time (or watch it knowing the ending), you can see him “learning” his brother’s styles by watching him garden, make love, etc. So he wasn’t just being a creepy perv, he was doing "impersonate my brother" research! You know, JUST IN CASE they both went comatose someday. The DVD also has some other deleted scenes, including one where William B. Davis’ hypnotist character more or less spoils the ending, which I assume is why it was cut. The trailer is also included, but you don’t need it because the featurette is essentially just the trailer mixed with brief interview snippets with the stars and directors Joel Bergvall and Simon Sandquist, who wear matching jackets. Not very insightful stuff; they basically reiterate the plot and try to make you think the movie is far more twisty-turny than it actually is. You want a good version of the car accident/amnesia plot? Watch Wolfgang Petersen’s 1991 thriller Shattered , with Tom Berenger. Good stuff, GREAT twist. And if you want to see Gellar deal with unexplained memory problems in an only-sort-of-horror setting, watch The Return , which is far more interesting than this movie (and inches closer to horror territory to boot). What say you? P.S. I learned later that the film is (sigh) a remake of an Asian film. Anyone seen it? Actually horror? Many folks will mistakenly, but understandably, refer to Hatchet as Adam Green's debut film, but it's actually his second. His FIRST film was Coffee &amp; Donuts , which was shot for 400 dollars using "borrowed" equipment from the cable company that he and trusty DP Will Barratt (who has shot all of Green's films) made in 1999. The film showed at a single film festival (where it won Best Picture) and fell through the cracks as a result of (sadly aborted) attempts to turn it into a sitcom. Thus, the film hasn't been shown since, but that is about to change. This Thursday, March 18th, the (where else?) New Beverly Cinema will be showing Coffee &amp; Donuts for the first time in a movie theater (or at all, really) in over a decade-. But first, Green will present his excellent new film Frozen in glorious 35mm, complete with a Q&amp;A with the cast (all three of the chair-bound heroes, as well as Kane Hodder). He will also be showing a few of his legendary Halloween short films. And if we bug him enough, maybe he'll talk a bit about Hatchet 2 (which is now in post-production!). The whole shebang costs 7 measly bucks, and you can buy your tickets online HERE (which is a good idea since it's very likely that the show will sell out). See you there! -Please note that C&amp;D will be a digital projection, as it was shot digitally in the first place. Again though, Frozen will be a 35mm print. MARCH 12, 2010 GENRE: GHOST SOURCE: THEATRICAL (PRESS SCREENING) Now THIS is a good romantic horror movie! Unlike yesterday's To Die For , Conor McPherson's The Eclipse takes time to develop its characters, which not only makes the story far more interesting, but also allows for the scares (which, to be fair, are fairly limited - more on that later) to really work; I must admit I got jolted twice, whereas I'm usually amazed if they can get me once. The film concerns a would-be writer (Ciarán Hinds) who volunteers for the annual literature festival in a seaside town in Ireland. He gets directly involved with two of the authors: a celebrity novelist played by Aidan Quinn, and a horror novelist (Iben Hjejle), with whom Quinn had a one night stand with some time before (and wants to continue the affair). So yeah - it doesn't exactly scream horror, but that's actually what makes it work. There are only five attempts at scares in the entire movie, two of which made me jump and one (the first) just plain creeped me out. And the reason they work so good is that the love triangle plot was compelling enough for me to keep forgetting that there was a horror element to the proceedings, catching me off guard. Now, because the focus is on the romance/character study, "horror and nothing else" fans will probably hate the film (expect to see the word "boring" thrown around a lot if you read any reviews). The horror elements are never really expanded upon - don't look for a scene where Hinds fights the ghost or digs up town records in order to find a bunch of exposition, because it's not there. All of the ghost appearances are the result of his character's guilt manifesting itself. For example, the first couple of "appearances" seem to be of his (still living) father-in-law, who is in a nursing home and was left behind when the festival began (Hinds forgot to pick him up). Most movies would just have this sort of character flaw play out in a normal way - Hinds would realize his error and call the guy to apologize, or drink, or whatever. In this movie he gets pulled into the ground by a bloodied arm (whether the apparitions are real or psychological is never explained, nor does it matter). But they never go beyond that - brief but largely successful scares that help reflect the character's state of mind. Hinds is terrific in the film. He's in all but one or two scenes, and those non-Hinds scenes suggest that the film will be a complete study of all three characters, but ultimately the film is solely about his character's grief (his wife died before the film began - hence why he is in charge of looking after his father-in-law) and how he tries to put himself out there after living in borderline seclusion for so long. It's a sad portrait (Quinn provides the film with its few moments of humor), which could border on depressing with a less appealing actor in the role, but Hinds makes it not only watchable, but enjoyable. You really feel for the guy and want him to break out of his shell. My only quibble is that they suggest some stuff and never really develop it into a meaningful plot thread. Hjejle's character writes ghost novels, and they sort of suggest that she, like Hinds, is haunted by apparitions as well, but never go beyond that hint. Granted, the film is about Hinds' growth, but it seems odd to bring it up and not do anything with it; she could have just as easily been a romance novelist for all the purpose her horror background serves to the story. I guess we can assume that Hinds takes an interest in her because he thinks she can help him understand why he is seeing these things, but she's also a very attractive woman in his age group (not that he fawns all over her), so I don't think anyone in the audience would think much of it if they struck up a friendship without any supernatural-based connotations. Then again it's also an incredibly short film (88 minutes), so maybe there was more to it and it was cut to keep the focus on Hinds (and again, keep the audience from thinking they were watching a traditional horror movie). Magnolia is putting this one out, which means it will probably debut on VOD at the same time as its theatrical release. I'm sure it will play just as well at home (I doubt it will be playing in more than a handful of screens across the country), but if it IS in a theater near you, see it that way. Magnolia has consistently released interesting genre fare over the past few years, and I don't want them to abandon theatrical releases due to everyone simply watching them On Demand. One final note - I find it ironic that, after July, another Eclipse will be considered the standard for a "romantic" horror film by millions of teen girls. BUT, I take some pleasure in imagining that come Christmas (when both films will be on DVD), some clueless aunt or grandparent will buy the "wrong" Eclipse for their 15 year old relative. "Aidan Quinn what? Who? Where the hell is Taylor Lautner, Grandma?" What say you? P.S. This is my 100th "Ghost" movie review! Hurrah! It joins Slashers, Comedic, Monster, Supernatural, and Psychological films in the "Century Club". Zombies should join the club next. MARCH 14, 2010 GENRE: GHOST SOURCE: NETFLIX (INSTANT VIEW) For years I had heard of The Entity as “the movie where she gets raped by a ghost”, but I always assumed that this was sort of a spoiler; an event that the film built toward (not unlike describing It’s A Wonderful Life as being about a guy who sees what life would be like without him). So I was surprised to see it happen pretty much in the first 10 minutes of the movie. “OK, but NOW what?” I asked the TV. The TV ignored me and kept on playing the movie, but I soon had my answer: not much. Granted, the film is based on allegedly true events, so I can’t knock it for being a bit inert, but I CAN knock it for being over two hours long when it repeats a lot of stuff. Two scenes of the ghost following her to her friend’s house, at least four of her talking to Ron Silver (who believes she is just crazy), several more rapes, etc. It’s not a bad movie by any means, but I felt like it sort of started at one level and never really went higher. I think a touch more development prior to the first haunting, and then some editing (really, just remove any 20 minute chunk in the middle of the film) could have resulted in an even better film. But it’s still a pretty good one. True or not, the ordeal is pretty terrifying, elevating it above the usual haunted house type movie. The first time we see Barbara Hershey’s body being poked and prodded by unseen hands (a Stan Winston effect, if I’m understanding the credits correctly) is not only a terrific effect in the technical sense, but also a creepy one. The tricky subject matter keeps the film from having any real sense of humor (though I must admit I laughed when Silver asked if the ghost ejaculated, partially because of his deadpan expression, and partly because I think the idea of ghost jizz is pretty funny), so even when the story occasionally dips into Poltergeist territory, the tone is unlike it or any other haunting/ghost film I can recall. And as with Emily Rose or (to a lesser extent) Haunting in Connecticut , I liked that they provided enough plausible “evidence” for me to consider that Hershey maybe was just crazy. Silver has a reasonable explanation for pretty much everything, and it’s a concrete fact that her character suffers some serious sexual hang-ups (molested by her stepfather, impregnated as a teenager by a man twice her age, etc), so his theories certainly hold water, at least for a while (the scene in her friend’s apartment sort of solidifies the “it’s a ghost” idea once and for all). The ending was a bit of a letdown though. Again, the film never really builds tension or suspense, but there is at least an attempt at a climax when Hershey is placed in a replica of her house, albeit one equipped with liquid helium tanks that will hopefully freeze the ghost while she remains safely inside a contained area (so it hinges on the ghost being kind of gullible, I guess). But the “attack” is fairly brief, and Silver never really has that “Oh shit, she was RIGHT!” moment that I think we deserve after listening to him argue with our heroine for the entire movie. Sidney J. Furie directed the film. You may know him from the Iron Eagle films and a couple of late period Dolph Lundgren films. Entity is one of his rare dips in horror (he’s also billed as an uncredited director of Devil Doll ), which is a shame as I would have liked to have seen one where he was allowed to have a little more fun without being tacky/insensitive. Half the movie seems to be shot in canted angles, and there are a lot of De Palma esque di-opter shots to enjoy (thank CHRIST for once Netflix offered a widescreen transfer for an instant viewing, and the quality was pretty good as well). I think he could have made a terrific, or at least, very stylish, slasher movie. Sadly, he seems to have retired (he had to exit his last film for health reasons, and he directed his first film over 50 years ago!), so I doubt we’ll get one. Hopefully he’s at least back in good health. This showed at midnight at the New Bev a few months ago, and I missed it for some reason, but I’m glad I caught it at home. Not only would the length have guaranteed some dozing, but it’s not really a midnight type movie. I caught Irreversible there at midnight, and while the movie was quite good, it didn’t have that crowd experience that I associate with midnight screenings. If I’m gonna drive around LA at 2 am (where the bullshit LAPD never bothers to stop people that are driving without their headlights, a scarily common sight in Hollywood and even on the 101 freeway), I want to have a good time more than I want to see a good movie. What say you? MARCH 13, 2010 GENRE: HAUNTED HOUSE , WEIRD SOURCE: THEATRICAL (REVIVAL SCREENING) You might wonder why I would knock on something like The Box for being a bunch of nonsense, and yet praise Hausu ( House ) for being a bunch of nonsense. Well, the answer is simple: as someone who prefers story to anything else, I felt annoyed by Richard Kelly turning the intriguing and unique concept of The Box into yet another baffling Kelly-ish narrative about vessels and mathematics and whatever the fuck else was going on. But in Hausu’s case, I’ve seen the basic plot (teens visiting an isolated house that turns out to be haunted) a million times, so the batshit, incomprehensible-by-design nature of it allowed me to be entertained by the story all over again. If I had to “pitch” the movie to someone, I would probably say it was David Lynch’s version of Evil Dead 2 , or maybe The Grudge as written by James Joyce. Blending animation, splatter, outright nonsense (a dancing skeleton, for example), typical haunted house motifs, and screwball comedy antics into a single film, Nobuhiko Obayashi has created a stream-of-conscious horror comedy that simply must be seen to be believed, and even then you’ll probably figure you were dreaming part of it up. “Did I really just see a piano eat a girl?” you might ask yourself after the film has concluded. Yes. Yes you did. The film’s structure sort of defies reviewing, or even my usual sort of “reactionary” type posting. It’s all so rambunctious and free-flowing, I’m hard-pressed to even bring up a specific scene. Images certainly stick out, such as a cracked mirror flowing with blood (very cool), or the kung-fu expert character (named Kung Fu) taking on a phone that explodes, but I can no longer recall their context. I could probably watch the movie a dozen times and still not have any better understanding of it, but I know for sure that a single viewing is simply not enough to PROCESS everything. The editing is rapid-fire, the girls never really pause in between their lines, and it’s got a pretty crowded cast (about a dozen main characters) despite only being 87 minutes long. Some of the stylistic flourishes are a bit annoying though. At one point, the film appears to have been shot at maybe 12 frames per second, which would be fine for a quick “scare” shot, but it’s used for a lengthy tracking shot consisting of the girls trying to exit the house and make a phone call, while talking. It gave me a bit of a headache, honestly. Perhaps it was an error that they couldn’t afford or didn’t have the time/cast to reshoot, but it’s a blight all the same. Many of the flashes are a delight though, such as the odd super-impositions, frequent closing irises (I muttered “The...end...” several times), and blending of live action with animated/rotoscoped characters/objects. Both Brian De Palma and Michael Bay would probably find Obayashi’s whims to be excessive. Needless to say, if you’re one of the types of people who think Armageddon ’s editing or De Palma’s split-screen effects are the bane of cinema, you shouldn’t even look at the poster for Hausu. Everyone else though, by all means, go see the film. If you’re in Los Angeles, you can check it out at the New Bev until March 17th (two shows a night!), and I’m pretty sure other cities will be playing it as well, as Janus has struck a new print for it. There’s a UK DVD with some nice extras, including lengthy interviews with Obayashi; hopefully it will be ported to the US soon (the UK one is linked below for you Region 2 capable folks). I think seeing it with an equally bewildered crowd is part of the fun, but even if you have to settle for seeing it on a 13 inch TV in your kitchen, your life will still be the better for having seen it. What say you? P.S. If you have seen the film, you know that the theme song is both wonderful and haunting. And if you have seen the film AND are one of those techie geniuses, please make it into a ringtone for me (preferably the “Cat’s Meow” variant). Thanks. If you missed the "premiere", or just can't get enough, HMAD Live Tweeting will return on March 17th (a Wednesday) at 6:30 PST (9:30 Eastern). This time, the movie will be Zombie Death House (available on Netflix instant view ), which is directed by THE John Saxon (as if there could be another). As before, simply start the movie along with me and follow my live commentary on the official HMADLiveTweet Twitter page. Yay technology! See you then! 
We'll have a half-and-half session this Sunday, courtesy Amit Varma and Mahesh Murthy (who's already done one quiz for us this season). It's IPL time, so please try to be there on time, so that we won't hold back all the eager T20 fans from their frenzy. :) Quizmaster: Amit Varma, Mahesh Murthy When: 3 PM, Sunday, 14 March 2010 (Please be there by 2:45 PM for team assignments) Where: Pinstorm, Ground Floor, Swati House (Next to Kotak Bank on Linking Road), North Avenue, Santa Cruz (W). Directions: From the south: If you come north on Linking Road from Bandra to SantaCruz, you'll find a large Benetton Store on the right. At the end of that block is a Kotak Bank at the corner. Take a right and it's the next building, take the first gate and tell the sentry you've come for the quiz. From the north: If you get on to Linking Road at the airplane park end, you'll cross a HDFC Bank. A block later, you'll see a Kotak Bank on the corner - do not cross it. Take a left at that point and it's the building next to Kotak Bank. We haven't been too regular about updating the blog announcements and results for quite a while now. But that doesn't mean we haven't been quizzing - so we'll try and catch up on the results and league standings as soon as possible. Meanwhile, it's quizzing as usual on Sunday, and Abhinav Dasgupta, who filled in on short notice in December (thanks, mate!) will do a proper quiz this weekend. The short quiz was good fun, so we should certainly expect more of the same this time around. Details and directions below. Quizmaster: Abhinav Dasgupta When: 3 PM, Sunday, 28 February, 2010 (Please be there by 2:45 PM for team assignments) Where: Pinstorm, Ground Floor, Swati House (Next to Kotak Bank on Linking Road), North Avenue, Santa Cruz (W). Directions: From the south: If you come north on Linking Road from Bandra to SantaCruz, you'll find a large Benetton Store on the right. At the end of that block is a Kotak Bank at the corner. Take a right and it's the next building, take the first gate and tell the sentry you've come for the quiz. From the north: If you get on to Linking Road at the airplane park end, you'll cross a HDFC Bank. A block later, you'll see a Kotak Bank on the corner - do not cross it. Take a left at that point and it's the building next to Kotak Bank. The folks at the Celebrate Bandra Festival asked us to put together a quiz for this year's edition. Details below - and cash prizes are there. I'm not sure how much, but it should be worth the early escape from work. The quiz, that is. We all know real quizzers don't get rich. ;-) Quizmaster: Sumant Srivathsan Research: Anannya Deb, Amit Pandeya and others. :) When: 4:30 PM, Saturday, 28 September, 2009 Where: Crossword Bookstore, Linking Road, Bandra Teams: Two or fewer members, no bars of any kind. Until after the quiz. Atulya Bharadwaj will do his quiz this Sunday, as we get into the thick of quizzing season. We will start an hour later than usual (see the new time below) as many of the regulars will be in South Bombay attending Dhananjay Shettigar's JBIMS Quiz . Dhananjay tells me that he will finish by 2 PM, which should give us all adequate time to get back to Santacruz for our regular season. For those who plan to be in Bangalore for the next season of the Landmark Quiz, this should be a great chance to sharpen your skills. Quizmaster: Atulya 'Monkee' Bharadwaj When: 4 PM, Sunday, 25 October, 2009 (Please be there by 3:45 PM for team assignments) Where: Pinstorm, Ground Floor, Swati House (Next to Kotak Bank on Linking Road), North Avenue, Santa Cruz (W). Directions: From the south: If you come north on Linking Road from Bandra to SantaCruz, you'll find a large Benetton Store on the right. At the end of that block is a Kotak Bank at the corner. Take a right and it's the next building, take the first gate and tell the sentry you've come for the quiz. From the north: If you get on to Linking Road at the airplane park end, you'll cross a HDFC Bank. A block later, you'll see a Kotak Bank on the corner - do not cross it. Take a left at that point and it's the building next to Kotak Bank. Atul Mathew and Pradeep Ramarathnam have been promising their quiz for ages now, and after much postponements and emergency quiz schedules, we now get to actually have this urban legend quiz. This is Chakravyuh weekend in Pune, but we hope that you'll all be back after Saturday's Open Quiz to attend this one. After all, this is the BQC, and we're just better. Quizmasters: Pradeep Ramarathnam and Atul Mathew When: 3 PM, Sunday, 11 October, 2009 (Please be there by 2:45 PM for team assignments) Where: Pinstorm, Ground Floor, Swati House (Next to Kotak Bank on Linking Road), North Avenue, Santa Cruz (W). Directions: From the south: If you come north on Linking Road from Bandra to SantaCruz, you'll find a large Benetton Store on the right. At the end of that block is a Kotak Bank at the corner. Take a right and it's the next building, take the first gate and tell the sentry you've come for the quiz. From the north: If you get on to Linking Road at the airplane park end, you'll cross a HDFC Bank. A block later, you'll see a Kotak Bank on the corner - do not cross it. Take a left at that point and it's the building next to Kotak Bank. Once upon a time, a fellow quizzer and I shared a desk in school. Since then, we have both grown large enough to no longer fit in such a desk. But Bombay is a big city, and it can accommodate many such large types. Sumo hosts his first BQC session on Sunday, and as always, it should be a cracker. Quizmaster: Rajen 'Sumo' Prabhu When: 3 PM, Sunday, 20 September, 2009 (Please be there by 2:45 PM for team assignments) Where: Pinstorm, Ground Floor, Swati House (Next to Kotak Bank on Linking Road), North Avenue, Santa Cruz (W). Directions: From the south: If you come north on Linking Road from Bandra to SantaCruz, you'll find a large Benetton Store on the right. At the end of that block is a Kotak Bank at the corner. Take a right and it's the next building, take the first gate and tell the sentry you've come for the quiz. From the north: If you get on to Linking Road at the airplane park end, you'll cross a HDFC Bank. A block later, you'll see a Kotak Bank on the corner - do not cross it. Take a left at that point and it's the building next to Kotak Bank. The rest of the results from this season. Regular service will continue with Amit on Janardhan's quiz. QM: Anannya Deb First Anand Sivashankar Balakrishnan S. Rajen Prabhu Second Pravin Srinath Narayan Sumant Srivathsan Third Akanksha Mohan Janardhan R. Rajiv Rai QM: Ajith Prabhakar First Kritika B. Nandan Krishnaswamy Rajiv Rai Souvik Basu Second (Tie) Anand Sivashankar Atulya Bharadwaj Dipankar Goswami Vibhendu Tewari Amit Pandeya Arvind Krishnaswamy Gautam Chaturvedi Sandip Sen QM: Sarat Rao/Vibhendu Tewari First Abid EH Atulya Bharadwaj Bikash Mohapatra Second Ameya Samant Mayuresh Madbhavi Sritanu Chakraborty Sumant Srivathsan Third Dipankar Goswami Pradeep Ramarathnam Prasann Potdar Srinath Narayan QM: Ameya Samant/Sumant Srivathsan (QFI Open) First Anand Sivashankar Dharmendra Pradeep Ramarathnam Second Ameya Samant Bikash Mohapatra Sarat Rao Sumant Srivathsan Third Anannya Deb Mayuresh Madbhavi Srinath Narayan Tanul Mishra I've been way behind in doing this, but here are the point-scorers in each of the quizzes so far since May. QM: Vijay Shankar/Amit Pandeya First Sumant Srivathsan Sumit Roy Vibhendu Tewari Second Anannya Deb Kaustuv Gupta Pradeep Ramarathnam Third Atul Mathew Bikash Mohapatra Srinath Narayan QM: Govind Grewal First Abhik Ghosh Anannya Deb Diwakar Pingle Shiv Anant Tayal Second Ajith Prabhakar Amit Pandeya Devang Ghia Francis Rodrigues Vijay Shankar Third Ameya Samant Dipankar Goswami Janardhan R. Mukund Sridhar Sumit Roy QM: Mukund Sridhar First Anand Sivashankar Jitaditya Narzari Mehar Sridhar Roshith Mohan Sumant Srivathsan Second Anannya Deb Atulya Bharadwaj Sarat Rao Vishwesh Ramnath Third Ajith Prabhakar Atul Mathew Shruthi Ravi Vikas Sahu QM: Mahesh Murthy First Ajith Prabhakar Rajiv Rai Sumit Roy Vibhendu Tewari Second Dipankar Goswami Jay Menon Mukund Sridhar Souvik Basu Third The scoresheet is missing, so we don't know who came third. If you know, please tell us and we'll update the sheet. 
 First, we like say sorry to our English speaking fans. We strayed from what you like us for, so we want to make up. The request lines are open again. Is there a song you like us to perform? Let us know in the comments below. We will pick the top ten songs and let you choose in a poll what you think we should perform, and we will do our best, maybe in similar dormitory setting as background. We miss that. Update (1 Jan 09): We will close this request post 10 January, pick the top 10 songs, then let you vote on it to days later. You can make repeat requests if you like. Thanks for your input! Dear friends, Sorry we have not update our blog in long time, life has been so crazy. So much has happened that if we try to say our heads explode, but we update our blog from now! We have big plans, not with videos, but life and we will post hear and new blogs we like. Please except this video as apology from our YouTube Vlog. No glasses was damaged during making of this video. http://www.youtube.com/user/housheboy Special thanks to our translator who want to be nameless until able to spell it. Sorry it take so long to put new videos on our blog. Since we can not hot link videos here from our site, we depend on YouTube users like Mandy000 to post them so we can hot link to them here. Tell her we said hi! BUMP! Just click on the text or image to be taken to that's videos page. "A Public Affair" "Don't lie" "Dadada" "Peking Opera" "bu de bu ai" "fenkai lvxing" "Fairytale" "Radio in my head" " Us on stage, 31 Oct 05" "Get Down" "I Want It That Way" "As Long As You Love Me" More videos will be added. We found a new translator for our blog! Chen! And to celebrate this, he translated this post for us to present to you some new great blogs! Check them out! illZ wonG juZ a human trApped in thiz matrixY world... giveN an identity and charActer whicH he will reveAl in his bloG entrieZ, usiNg a brOken keyboArd. Visit his blog if you want him to stop staring. Sukie needs to take 2 credit hours of science to finish her accounting studies so she can juggle test tubes while making financial records of business transactions at her first job. Go wish her luck! Vid Digger is so cool because it shows new and classic music videos with the songs lyrics! The blog has a movie theater feel to it, and shows music videos from Queen, The Bangles, Meat Loaf, The Cars, Biz Markie, Gwen Stefani, Snow Patrol, Wilber Pan, Michael Wang, and others. You will love it! Xiaoxuan is a beautiful promising young teacher, half Singaporean & Half Taiwanese, who loves showing lots of photos on her blog, like a dragon smoking a used cigarette. Tell her we said hi! I hope you enjoy our blog friends above! We will try not to keep you waiting long for our next video. Sorry we keep you all waiting. Hope you enjoy the video! We want to thank Mandy000 for uploading it to YouTube! A blogger name Dirt Digger we thought is funny now making lies about us and our blog. We wrote him how funny we think his story about Perez Hilton and us, then he changes our message and says to readers our blog is fake and we want to sue him and we are really in Amsterdam. Why would he do this? Makes us want to make an video of Becks song "Loser" just for him! Dirt Digger, stop being dirty! Jus joking honey! 
Are you like me? Unsure? Read on, and find out! Are you tired of all these self proclaimed self help books that discourage you from living in fear? Are you tired of being told that going out, doing things, and meeting real people, is for some reason, objectively better than your natural inclination to stay in every night? Are you tired of being made to feel like your desire to never leave the house again is wrong? Did you answer yes to one or more of these questions, but are afraid to admit to people that this is how you really feel? If so, good news! You are like me! And it truly is great news, because I've written just the book for me. Since also you're just like me, it's almost like you wrote this book, for you ! It's kind of sad that we're pioneering new ground in the "self help" industry by putting the "self" back in "self help". But hey, let them worry about it. I've entitled the book "I'm Afraid I'll Stay the Way I Am, Thank You Very Much" and between its' covers, you'll find all sorts of words, which I have arranged in a specific fashion,to empirically and conclusively demonstrate that what we may loosely define as "mental illness" is a quality to not only be embraced, but celebrated. I invite you to journey with me, from the first page to the last, and bear witness as I dispel some of the age old myths like -Real friends are better than imaginary ones -Healthy love involves at least two people -Talking is more than just noise -There's no reason to be afraid of spiders -A penny earned is a penny saved In addition, I will show you several secret techniques on how to: -Build a working E-meter -Construct an 'anxiety free zone' in the comfort of your own home, using only string and a pair of safety scissors -Take out your frustrations over your own ineptitude on moderately relevant acquaintances in meticulous plotted attacks -Instigate mass hysteria Listen. The only way they can keep you down is if you're playing their game. So do yourself a favor and stop it. Make your own game and play it instead. There's no reason that you should be afraid to be yourself. Fear change instead... it's way scarier. HI HI HI it is your old frend Joachim Jaeger here to make your new years with even more smiles. I am to be tasked with updating of this blog for entire year of 20 08, so let see how it go! Today It is wensday and that is meaning comics books day of the week. This week is very special comics books day because it is meaning Hulk #1 is for sale!!! Yes friends the hulk is return but all new, different than previous. Now hulk is red. yes red, like the colour you see. It is similar to orange, but not quite as yellow. What could happen to make such strange circumstance, you ask? It is fortunate you wonder on this for all you shall find here is solutions to your own imaginings. And it is this. The hulk is not the hulk. Brace Bannerman is locked up in arrmys aquarium. So who is to be this new hulk who burns with the fires of a thousand chernobyls? It is shitbag, rick jones. They dont SAY, but they say. It is mystery but I solve, okay? Overall, i do not buy. I leave on shelf and hope no one is saw me looking at it. It is too embarrass. Jeph Loeb if I was your son I would to be dead, too, as God is a father who do not write dumb books. Smiezt spadam on you. This space available. Call 515-250-3471 for details. Just a brief post today. Just askin'. They ended yesterday. Check back next year for more. It was an exciting day but only one man could walk away a champion. Let's check the numbers. Eccles - 7 Richardson - 21 Richardson walked away with this one, as many expected he would. Aboleth, Basilisk, Behir, Beholder, Brownie, Carrion Crawler, Catoblepas, Cockatrice, Dinosaurs, Displacer Beast, Dragons, Ettin, Formian, Gargoyle, Gelatinous Cube, Goblin, Grell, Griffon, Hippocampus, Hippogriff, Hobgoblin, Hydra, Intellect Devourer, Kobold, Kuo-Toa, Lizardman, Manticore, Merman, Mind Flayer, Minotaur, Modron, Nereid, Ogre, Orc, Para-Elemental, Pegasus, Quixotic Elf, Raging Roper, Storm Giant, Sahuagin, Tarrasque, troglodyte, Troll, Vargoille, Water Elemental, Werewolf, Xag-ya, Xeg-yi, Yugoloth, Zombie Kennedy, Roosevelt, Truman, Reagan, Nixon, Carter, Ford, Wilson, Clinton, Washington, Lincoln, Grant, Bush Cactus, Fern, Tree Easter, Faberge Ramadan (Categories: D&D; Monsters, Former Presidents, Plants, Fancy Eggs, Islamic Holidays) Editors' Note: Technically, the "answers" for "Fancy Eggs" should have appeared first. Since all possible types of fancy eggs were listed, this is the subject about which the most is known. However, it was decided, at the last minute, that the categories would be arranged for an aesthetic sense of "most to least", rather than another arrangement based on some meaningful or informative criteria. 
 this photo was the first one that I took with my Panasonic G1 This site is a member of: City Daily Photo  Here's someone watching one of the films at the Star City exhibition.  I didn't really stop to watch what it was about, as I was more interested in capturing the different angles and shapes. This site is a member of: City Daily Photo  Today marks the 5th anniversary of one Eric Tenin's brainwave of creating a blogsite featuring a daily photo of his home city, namely Paris.  Now in 2010, there are nearly 1200 across the world, including mine.So to mark this occasion, bloggers are showing photos they have taken in Eric's unique photographic style.To see more contributions from across the world, Click here to view thumbnails for all participants This site is a member of: City Daily Photo  This poster appeared on one of the little unused entrance doors to the castle today.  I don't know what it is about.  Freedom fighters for battery hens perhaps! Or advertising some new nightclub in town.  Whatever it is about, it makes for quite an interesting piece of art.I saw it this morning on the way in to work, and it was still there at lunchtime.  Which is a record, as usually the council are quite quick to remove graffiti from public buildings.Today is of course the day of the Headbanger Challenge.  This week's theme is under water.  So here are two lovely ladies getting wet under the water feature in the Market Square.
to conduct some full-page interviews with people I never thought I'd talk to. For the September issue, I yakked on the horn with the still very much bad-ass Ice Cube. Out this month, my interview with stripper-obsessed impresario T-Pain. And in December, they'll print my conversation with Stone Temple Pilot Scott Weiland.And to cap this very good day off -- Obama even won Indiana! -- this week's newly published Time Out New York features my interview with Paul Rudd, who is more awesome than Joe Biden's mother.To celebrate all this good news -- although after staying out until 3am last night, I probably don't need any more of that -- I am listening to my new favorite song by the Flaming Lips, which isn't at all new, as you'll no doubt see by this straight-outta-the-early-1990s video:WHY I'M ANGRY TODAYI've tried, but I am finding that it is impossible to be angry today! 
 I've been recording and posting some brief (for me) monologues on YouTube, starting with Space Exploration Part 1 - Planning our next steps in beyond Earth &nbsp; ... followed by Space Exploration Part 2 - Mining the sky: Are there economic incentives out there? &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ... and then Space Exploration Part 3: The Big Picture, Where is the excitement? And what about warp drive? Finally, and just posted, there is Space Exploration Part 4: Ambitious technologies for space: Space tethers, solar sails and space elevators. More space-related postings will go up soon, plus some fun rants about SETI, andon the (crazy) notion of &quot;cycles&quot; of falling civilizations. Nature interviews David Brin on scientists writing fiction. I was also interviewed for the new documentary &ldquo;The People vs. George Lucas.&rdquo; &nbsp; I have no idea - yet - whether they used their footage of me appropriately.&nbsp; I attempted to be circumspect and speak well of Lucas -- where he deserved it. For example, I loved the &ldquo;Young Indiana Jones Chronicles&rdquo; and adored &ldquo;The Empire Strikes Back.&rdquo;&nbsp; So my disappointment in the films that followed came honestly... leading to my participation as editor and &ldquo;prosecutor&rdquo; in the book STAR WARS ON TRIAL . (by far the best and most fun way to explore these issues!) Those guys at the SETI Institute sure have chutzpah!&nbsp; They plan to tun their first SETIcon August 13-15 at the Hyatt Regency, Santa Clara. &ldquo;The Search for Life in the Universe in Science Fact and Science Fiction!&rdquo; Thus perpetuating the myth that they love science fiction.... only don&rsquo;t mention any possibility that the universe might -- just might -- be different, even slightly, than their standard model.&nbsp; Watch how quickly any alternate scenario is dismissed as &ldquo;crazy science fiction stuff.&rdquo;&nbsp; Anybody planning to attend? Oh, don&rsquo;t get me wrong, it should be fun and interesting in its own right.&nbsp; The topic has fascinated my, all my life and I am glad the are pursuing the worthy search... (as opposed to some of their other, cultlike activities.)&nbsp; But if anyone is interested in some questions to raise.... For more fun stuff, see my regular blog at http://davidbrin.blogspot.com/ Or drop by http://www.davidbrin.com Have fun and explore! This is just a convenient place to post instructions for the members of the FiRe design challenge and their assistants to use during the run-up to the challenge session -- and to help them use the experimental Holocene Conversation System. You are welcome to check out the overall Holocene web site and read about what's incorporated in the patent, which covers a dozen or so innovative ways to help people allocate their scarce attention, online. Many of these methods are natural to human beings in real life, but somehow never made it into web interaction. Till now. But you can skip all that and go straight to the page that is a backdoor entryway, via the address I provided, at tinyurl.com Have a look at the list of features and instructions (maybe print a copy?), then scroll to the bottom of the page and click on the phrase CLICK HERE. IT IS IMPORTANT ONLY TO USE INTERNET EXPLORER AS YOUR WEB BROWSER! SORRY, BUT THIS IS A SHOESTRING INNOVATION. Use the ID and Password provided and enter "brinspace" at the appointed time. You should find others to talk to. The central "facing" controller takes some getting used to. Otherwise, everything is pretty intuitive. Then why did I set up this blog page, as a supplement? We need a place to post (permanently) any links or URLs or other matters that people want to leave persistent. Simply do so in the comments section, below. Have fun! And phone me if you have any problems. David Brin My briefly-run design-challenge show will one last appearance on the History Channel, Friday morning May 2 at 5 am (Eastern and 6am (Pacific). (Sorry to have missed that. It's 3am Mountain and am Central.) Set your Tivo to a wide window, just in case! (See my previous entry for description. Anybody know a likely sponsor? ;-) Or copies can be ordered from the HC web site. -------- Heck, while I'm at it....here are some shocking items. -------- Want the current economic crisis explained? See my friend (and extremely smart world pundit) Mark Anderson offer some unusual insights. -------- Those of you who thrilled to the “big dog” robot video really ought to see the satire . ===AND NOW, FROM THE TRANSPARENCY FRONT=== Turning our gaze upon our paid protectors -- From Boing Boing: NYPD cops videoed illegally warring on photographers: This video compilation of numerous near-simultaneous arrests in NY is a nice example of how consumer technologies can help to balance abuse of authority. A fascinating study in the trend I forecast, of smart mobs holding authority accountable. This is how we'll get truly professional police. And yet... And yet, I have to tell you that I have decidedly mixed feelings. Yes, the lapses in professionalism -- and outright lies -- of the cops deserve nailing. They must learn (apparently with some difficulty) to live in a world of cameras... and rights. Still, the scenes depicted were drenched in the drug high of self-righteous indignation on both sides. There were scores of people in Time Square just itching for a confrontation, heckling, taunting and veering in front of guys who are... at a deep level... just human males high on adrenaline. Yes, the woman who would not show her ID was within her rights. But she could have given them their little ritual of control, and they had already proved that would likely be enough. I want to emphasize, I am on the side of the smart mob. But I would betray this movement if I weren't able to criticize it. These things need to be smarter, calmer, and far more mature. ----- I contributed to Game Development Essentials: An Introduction (and followup volumes.) If you want to develop games... and that's it for now. Andi Tobin wrote in to say "I just noticed The ArchiTECHS is on The History Channel at 5 a.m. on May 2." I have the distinction of having been on the History Channel's top... and bottom... rated shows ever. "Life After People" was a huge success, and I'm still doing interviews about it, phoned in to New Zealand and Australia. History promoted it like mad, but there's also something deeply resonant about a show that portrays the world recovering after humanity somehow blows it. Suits the mood of the 21st Century, so far. In contrast, "The Architechs" was a design show... that "challenged five geniuses to solve an impossible problem in 48 hours... to innovate more than a dozen new fire rescue and evacuation tools for skyscraper disasters." History never promoted the show and aired it one weekday night at 10pm. Well, well. If end-of-the-world sells better than problem-solving, I'll do end-of-the-world! Still, Tivo "The Architechs" if you can. (And tell friends! This may be their last chance.) You may enjoy a little dive back into the oldtimey can-do spirit. A spirit of optimistic problem-solving we might do well to bring back, sometime soon. ---- (Feel free to continue your previous arguments in comments below...) This will be my second blog... one dedicated ONLY to literary matters! THROUGH STRANGER EYES -- a collection of my book reviews, introductions and essays on popular culture -- will soon be released in the Western Hemisphere by Nimble Books and in the Eastern Hemisphere by Altair (Australia). Included will be those infamous articles about Tolkien and Star Wars, sober reflections on Jared Diamond's Collapse, and Rebecca Solnit's River of Shadows, scientific ponderings on Feynman and Gott, appraisals of Brunner, Resnick, Zelazny, Verne, and Orwell... all the way to fun riffs on the Matrix and Buffy! Watch for news here! Those interested in a more general blog, with lots of science, tech news and quirky politics, see: http://davidbrin.blogspot.com/ 
e.The next part of the problem is figuring out how to test for unbounded sequences. A good approximation can be reached by running through n iterations and quitting if the magnitude of z exceeds 2. The magnitude of a complex number with real part a and imaginary part b is sqrt(a^2 + b^2). For simple graphs, a reasonable value for n is 100.Here's what a simple Mandelbrot set grapher in JavaScript looks like: for (var x = 1; x     for (var y = 1; y       var count = 0;      var size = 0;      var cx = xcorner + ((x * zoom) / this.width);      var cy = ycorner + ((y * zoom) / this.height);      var zx = 0;      var zy = 0;      while (count         count += 1;        temp = (zx * zx) - (zy * zy);        zy = (2 * zx * zy) + cy        zx = temp + cx;        size = (zx * zx) + (zy * zy);      }      this.Plot(x, y, count); // count serves as a good color hint.    }  }By setting the xcorner, ycorner, and zoom variables, the above code allows you to pan across and zoom into various points in the set. To accommodate for pretty visualizations, you can use count to determine the color of the pixel.A barebones implementation is available here: mandelbrot.js. Although it is not a very efficient implementation, it is very simple, and if you squint hard enough, you can see how the code relates to the visualization.The Mandelbrot Set Generator is a harness I built with mandelbrot.js. Play with the parameters and let me know if you find anything interesting. It also turns out to be a good br
 GDC Manitoba proudly presents their inaugural Pecha Kucha night in Winnipeg this evening at the Park Theater on South Osborne . Join us as twelve speakers from a diverse range of industries hit the stage to present their crafts . For more information about the event, speakers and more, visit GDC MB online at http://www.gdc.net/chapters/manitoba.htm . To learn more about the PK movement , visit Pecha Kucha online at http://www.pecha-kucha.org/ . Hope to see you there! Cheers! Holiday greetings! May your holiday season be filled with much warmth, love and happiness! Cheers! For a number of years now, Circle has distributed holiday e-greetings (past cards drew from Chinese proverbs , ancient rune translations , etc. ) . I'm sure that you've seen (or at least heard of) some of the many , Lady Gaga - Poker Face spoofs floating around on the internet... a couple of my personal favorites, Christopher Walken's reading of Poker Face , and the UC Berkeley's Noteworthy performing Poker Face . ;) Well, above is another one... ;P Neutra Face (this one is more geared towards typographers/designers). Check out the video embedded above or on Youtube , here - enjoy! If you like typography, and/or posters (I like both), I highly recommend you check out www.typographicposters.com ... an online collection of largely type-based posters from around the globe... sweet! Go check them out for yourself at www.typographicposters.com - enjoy! Kudos to Robert L. Peters and Matthew Wells for the link - cheers! New Media Manitoba (NMM) held their 2009 Holiday Showcase at the IMAX Theatre, Portage Place yesterday evening. It was delightful (and inspiring) to see local digital media practitioners on the IMAX big screen. The sold-out event was well attended by a diverse range of local professionals, and proved to be an excellent place to meet and converse, with individuals who were truly passionate about their respective crafts/industries. The highlight/feature of the evening was the approximate 45 minute, NMM Business Showcase video(s) produced by BlinkWorks: Film and Video Production , you can check out the videos via BlinkWorks' website , here ). Andrew Boardman 's (MGDC, GDC Manitoba Chapter Membership Chair), MANOVERBOARD was one of the local companies profiled, check out the profile video embedded above or on on Vimeo , here . Be sure to check out the other videos as well at BlinkWorks: Film and Video Production . You can see my photos from the NMM 2009 Holiday Showcase (Photoset) on Flickr . Cheers! A few months have passed since the grand opening of Winnipeg's greenest , eco-friendly salon, Berns & Black located at 468 Main Street (in the old Birt Saddlery building - Main and Bannatyne)... it has now become my salon destination of choice . ;) Check out this video (taken before the grand opening) I came across on Youtube ... A number of factors influenced my decision... but, mainly, it's conveniently located in the Exchange District (within walking distance from Circle ), it's dedicated to being eco-friendly(+) &#8211; plus, the staff, service, product selection (and decor) is second to none. On my most recent visit, I took the opportunity to take a few quick pics ... my apologies as they really don't do the space justice. The decor is very cool IMO... Hanging on one of the walls was this shadow-box display, housing authentic tools from Anthony Berns Barbershop (c.1951) . :D Berns & Black offers salon and spa services (including straight razor shaves for men)... I highly recommend that you check it out! If you're looking for a new stylist, ask for Kitty... you won't be disappointed (tell her I sent 'ya) . You can read more about Berns & Black online via the Winnipeg Free Press and the Winnipeg Sun , here and here . Berns & Black is open at 9:00 am Monday thru Saturday (closing hours vary), walk-ins are welcome, but pre-booking is recommended. For more information, or to book an appointment call (204) 944 8454. Cheers! David Thorne is an Australian humorist, satirist, internet personality and author. I was recently introduced to his work via a link my brother sent me... where he came across it, I'm not sure. 27b/6 is his website, which you can read more about on Wikipedia ... Anyhow, the link my brother sent me was to a recent post on 27b/6 , which seemed to address the issue of spec work (visit http://www.no-spec.com/ ). I couldn't help but laugh after reading this . If you're a designer, or in the creative field, I'm sure that you've been asked (at least once) to do work on spec... most of us just say no, although I'm sure that we've been tempted to say more . ;) Thanks for the link bro! Visit 27b/6 and read the post yourself ... enjoy! I'm sure that this video , posted to Vimeo by John Carrera , has made it's way around the 'blogosphere' already, but it's just too cool to not post about. Like the folks over at GOOD magazine , I could watch this video , over and over again, and still be left in awe. Enjoy! 
 Since I am aging and becoming Totally Old, I would like a throbbing forehead vein like Clint Eastwood and various telekinetic manga characters. A throbbing forehead vein - is that too much to ask? If I had a rec room, I would want either a swanky home bar with Christmas lights and old school beer signs or a massive model railroad set. And if I had a 10,00,000 square foot rec room? I would want something like Miniatur Wonderland (pronounced "mini-ah-toor vunderland") in Hamburg, Germany, the largest model railway in the fricking world. If I couldn't have my own Miniatur Wonderland - because I'm not building that thing - I would settle for Minotaur Wonderland, a magical realm of daydreams and lollypops and prancing minotaurs, or a massive retractable roof in my huge rec room so Harrier jets and my rocketpack commandos could land. I've said it many times: one must have goals in life. Miniatur Wonderland: give to me! June 15, 2009 - Los Angeles after the Lakers' NBA Championship win. June 15, 2009 - Tehran after sham elections and murderous crackdown on protesters. Being a cop in the future would be bad-ass. You get to wear riot gear, fly around on jet packs, and whack civilians with sick sticks or stun guns. Future cops also get the coolest rides - at least in science fiction movies. Here are the most kick ass and suck ass futuristic police vehicles ever, according to Me.- Police Spinner - Blade Runner Designed by the legendary Syd Mead, the police spinner is a ground/air patrol car loaded with 300 lbs of red and blue beacon lights. Judging from the picture above, the spinner is powered by steam vents and suspension wires. Who drives it: Edward James Olmos , puta . Why it is cool: Look at it. It's fucking cool, Syd Mead designed it. The spinner was created using practical effects and a full scale prop, which automatically makes it cooler than any digitally created futuristic police vehicle. Why it sucks: The spinner has scissor doors that open vertically (see above) which just lets in all that futuristic acid rain. The Pursuit Special - Mad Max and Road Warrior This tricked out, all black 1974 Ford Falcon XB coupe gets jacked by Max in Mad Max for his mission of vengeance, and he just keeps the thing during the subsequent biker apocalypse in the Road Warrior . With a 351 V8 engine, a gnarly blower, and double spoilers, it is pretty much one giant surrogate penis. Often incorrectly identified as a "V8 Interceptor" due to a line of dialogue spoken by a mechanic in Road Warrior, it is actually identified as a Pursuit Special in Mad Max , so that's what I'm calling it and oh God I have no life. Who drives it: Max Why it is cool: I just explained why it's cool. The Pursuit Special is the automotive wet dream of an entire generation of Aussie gearheads . Why it sucks: N/A MFP Interceptor - Mad Max Some time in the not to distant future the Australian federal highway police force known as the Main Force Patrol will cruise the badlands in bright yellow 1974 Ford Falcons. It will happen, mark my words. In 1979's Mad Max , our hero Max Rockatansky drive the bad ass V8 Interceptor - at least until he graduates to the Pursuit Special. Who drives it: Officer Max Rockatansky . His name is on the side of his Interceptor, as well as his nickname: "The Dark One." Why it is cool: For starters, the color scheme is awesome. Lettering on the back of each patrol car reads either PURSUIT or, in Max's case, INTERCEPTOR. Plus, the car appears in Mad Max , the mother of all dystopian futuristic highway patrol revenge flicks. Why it sucks: This is what I'm telling you, it doesn't suck. It's not quite as cool as the Pursuit Special, though, is it? Hill Valley Police Squad Car - Back to the Future II In the year 2015, female police officers will patrol the town of Hill Valley in hover-equipped squad cars and futuristic motorcycles. The cops in Back to the Future II don't seem to be terribly effective, but they have sweet rides. Who drives it: Unit N11-11 (below) Why it is cool: The sloping, aerodynamic pod shape of the Hill Valley PD squad cars are the main selling point. They look like melted jelly beans. Why it sucks: They don't do anything particularly spectacular, and the special effect sequence (pictured) of the hovering squad car looks dated. I'm nitpicking. Lawmaster motorcycle - Judge Dredd The Lawmaster is the vehicle of choice for MegaCity One's fascist Judges, who enforce strict bans on things like sugar and coffee. Normal motorcycles aren't cool enough for Judges - they prefer cruising around in these tricked out, unwieldy Lawmaster monstrosities. Why? Because they look bad ass. Who drives it: Judges Why it is cool: Look at that thing, it's ridiculous. The design is so over the top that you have to love it. It's like a jumbo action figure accessory. Why it sucks: I think it needs much fatter tires in order to look truly cool. San Angeles Police Patrol Car - Demolition Man The pathetically ineffectual pacifistic cops of the futuristic megalopolis of San Angeles roll around in cool carbon-fiber police cars looking for kittens to rescue or trash to pick up. That's how they roll in the Sylvester Stallone film Demolition Man , which features GM Ultralite low emission concept cars. Maybe GM should have been making these things instead of Hummers, n'est - ce pas? Who drives it: Sandra Bullock Why it is cool: As Stallone demonstrates, if you crash one of these babies, the inside is instantly filled with expanding crash foam that absorbs the impact. That's a nice feature, unless you have issues with being entombed in asphyxiating foam. Why it sucks: See "who drives it." NYPD Cruiser - The Fifth Element The production design in Luc Besson's could-have-been-awesome The Fifth Element is clearly the flim's greatest redeeming feature - that and Gary Oldman's crazy haircut. One of the great things about Fifth Element is the use of models and practical special effects for their hover cars - as a result, they look more solid and real than CG effects. Who drives it: Cops in ridiculously bulky outfits . Why it is cool: I like the retro-futuristic vibe these vehicles have. If Dick Tracy was a 23rd century cop he would totally drive one of these babies. They come equipped with neat communications gear, a handy sliding side door and a winch/pulley system for mid-air prisoner transfer. Why it sucks: They look a little bloated, like pregnant Spinners, but I think that was the effect the filmmakers were going for. Iowa State Patrol hovercycle - Star Trek A couple things you need to know about Future Iowa: a) it's a desert wasteland, b) it has deep canyons/quarries, and c) it's patrolled by motorcycle cops. Who drives it: Scary cyborg looking cops on hoverbikes who like the Beastie Boys. Why it is cool: While the scene in question may be more than a little goofy, the hoverbike design is cool as hell. Why it sucks: Come on, a 23rd Century rocket bike can't catch a kid in an antique car? Laaame . PreCrime Hovership - Minority Report This one kind of blurs the line between police car, helicopter, and hair dryer. Regardless, the hover units in Minority Report do qualify as futuristic police vehicles, so I'll throw them in. It doesn't mean I have to like it. Who drives it: Dept. of PreCrime officers. You thought I was going to make a Scientology joke, didn't you? Too easy. Why it is cool: I don't know, they're kind of neat looking I guess. They do look a little familiar... Why it sucks: Let's just say Boba Fett is suing for copyright infringement. Idiot Cop Car - Idiocracy I'll be honest, I haven't actually seen Idiocracy but I'm including this futuristic police vehicle because I'm in love with the logo. Who drives it: Idiots. Why it is cool: Look at that logo! That is straight pimpin '. Why it sucks: Does it suck? The blinged out logo alone redeems the vehicle. Riot Control Garbage Truck - Soylent Green In the future, you'll be so goddamn hungry you won't even ASK where your food comes from. Who drives it: 14th Precinct Riot Control cops / food industry workers. Why it is cool: It scoops up hippies, dumps them in the back, and then makes food out of them. That's hot. Why it sucks: There are starving kids in China! Stop criticizing the Riot Control Garbage Trucks and eat your soylent green, youngster! Sandman Ground Car - Logan's Run TV series Sure, the 1976 film Logan's Run was awesome, but do you remember the spin-off TV series? They ran with the original concept but surgically removed everything about the original movie that made it unique and cost money. Instead of taking place in a bizarre future city with expensive sets, the Logan's Run TV show took place almost entirely in a park in Southern California. Cool car, though. Who drives it: The ground car was driven by Sandmen, fascist cops who ensure population control by making sure that everyone who reaches the age of 30 takes a once-in-a-lifetime spin on the lethal Carousel. Why it is cool: The Ground Car has a charming antiquated futuristic design and lots of stickers! The gull wing doors scream THIS CAR IS TOTALLY FROM THE FUTURE. Why it sucks: It's called a "Ground Car," which seems redundant. I bet the Sandmen also have Water Boats and Sky Airplanes. Detroit Police Patrol Cars - Robocop Rumour has it that Robocop was supposed to drive his own custom police car in the 1987 film Robocop , but director Paul Verhoeven thought the Robocar looked stupid. As a result, our cyborg hero and the Detroit Police drive black 1985 Ford Taurus in the film. Man, the Robocar must have been pretty shitty if this was a better choice. Who drives it: The police of the future! Why it is cool: Umm ... I'm drawing a blank here. Why it sucks: It's a Ford Taurus. ' Nuff said. Grammaton Cleric Pimpmobile - Equilibrium I'm a big fan of Kurt Wimmer's Equilibrium , flaws and all. It's got sword fights, gun kata , and a brooding ultra-serious Christian Bale (as opposed to campy, flamboyant Christian Bale). Set in the city-state of Libria where emotions are illegal, Equilibrium focuses on the anti- emo cops know as Grammaton Clerics who roll around in white Cadillacs - the car of the future! Who drives it: Christian Bale, Taye Diggs , Sean Bean. Why it is cool: It's all white? And therefore looks futuristic? Why it sucks: Man, it's like they're not even trying, isn't it? Look at those guys (above). They're embarrassed to be seen riding in the thing. Clearly the producers just didn't have the money to create their own custom cars, so they worked with what they had - and what they had were white Caddies, which are one step up from the pink Cadillacs that Mary Kay cosmetic salespeople drive. Sad. -I didn't include Will Smith's Space Audi from I, Robot because although he is a police detective, he's driving a civilian car, not a marked police car. Same goes for the cool Lexus concept car Tom Cruise drives in Minority Report - not a cop car. Mick Jagger's armored personnel carrier in Freejack doesn't make the list because it's more of a paramilitary vehicle and it is driven by Mick Jagger. Remember when Sam Raimi used to make horror movies? Apparently so does Sam Raimi. Drag Me To Hell is a return to Raimi's schlock horror roots, and that can only be a good thing. Yes, it's a PG-13 horror flick and as a result it sometimes feels like Raimi is holding back on the really sick shit (which we'll get on the unrated DVD version), but I didn't feel like I was watching a watered down Evil Dead movie. Drag Me works despite its relative lack of gratuitous gore and an anemic performance by the lead actress. And do you know why? Because it's a balls-out Sam Raimi horror movie! It's creepy and gross and hilarious and most of all it's just a lot of fun. Need convincing? In this film a toothless corpse gums our screaming heroine's chin while drooling embalming fluid all over her. A stapler is used as a melee weapon. Somebody pukes up an entire kitty. A scarf goes bad. And when a goat shows up in the third act, you just know things are going to go terribly, hilariously wrong. Go check it out. You can't complain about Spider-Man 3 if you don't show up when Raimi actually makes awesome movies. I often look at footage of the wildfires that sweep through the western states and think, "If only we had giant fire fighting robots." I'm not alone, evidently, because designer Jordan Guelde has created plans for a monstrous bright orange arboreal automaton that fights wild fires. The robot is designed to eliminate the fuel that wild fires need to grow - in other words, it chops down trees. Sure, you and I can chop down trees with a chainsaw or axe, but we require things like oxygen and lack of fire to do so. The Forest Fire Clear Cut Robot laughs at our human weakness. It can chop down trees faster and do it more safely than a human crew - theoretically at least. Right now it's just a bunch of pretty computer graphics. But when they start building these things? I want one! Give to me. He's a ten foot super giant with ginger hair and a neck as thick as a Sequoia. He's Stardust, one of the proto-superheroes that appear in Supermen!: The First Wave of Comic Book Heroes 1939-1941 by Greg Sadowski, and he is creepy as hell. Supermen! features an assortment of obscure early superhero comics produced in 1939-41. The comics are glorious, primitive works of pulp science fiction, crude ancestors of the modern superhero. Yet there's something vital and imaginative about these unsophisticated comics which clumsily explore superhero stories and ideas long before they calcified into cliche. And holy shit, some of those early superheroes were bizarre and terrifying. Stardust is certainly unnerving, but nothing matches the sheer weirdness of Fantomah, the face-melting heroine. Like many "heroes" of her time, Fantomah had seemingly unlimited supernatural powers that she used to protect her jungle domain, but what set her apart was her tendency for her face to transform into a hideous grinning skull. Bleach blonde skull face woman! She is a nightmare. Stardust, on the other hand, embodies an entirely different type of weirdness. He's a red haired space giant who lives in a space castle and saves Earth from giant vultures - from space. Stardust's super powers are all over the map, ranging from flight to the ability to transform enemies into worms to a deep, penetrating, inappropriate stare. He also has a HUGE, baby swallowing neck. If Stardust ever perished in the Sahara, scavengers would fight over Stardust's thick, juicy neck. You could feed a pack of hyenas with that neck meat. He should change his name to Neckro. Or Golden Throat. Or Dr. Bigneck. Anyway, you can really get an idea of how freakishly huge Stardust's neck is when the hero saves a helpless and unnamed girl from the space vultures: Nameless Girl, look out! Stardust wants to swallow you! I honestly can't tell if Stardust is meant to be that frickin' huge, or if the artist just had no concept of proportion and perspective whatsoever. Regardless, the end result is strangely compelling. After wiping out the space vultures, Stardust returns to the girl (who begins every phrase with the word "oh") and , looming uncomfortably close and staring at her, he invites her back to his space castle. "Oh, Stardust! I'd be crazy about it!" I'm guessing that Stardust routinely "rescues" women like Oh Girl, takes them back to his star, feeds them fattening foods for a few months, and then eats them. That's just how superheroes rolled back in the late Thirties. Sure, Barack Obama is the first African American president, but did you know that he is also the first laser powered president ? No shit, Obama is powered by a combination of moxie, hope, and 100% pure laser energy. I am totally not making this up. I have proof: poorly Photoshopped stock photographs of the President! Behold Laser Obama. 
 FOXNews.com - Pelosi Plan to Pass Health Care Without Traditional Vote Riles Critics I cannot believe the politicians we send to office. Are the politicians so afraid of not being reelected that they will not give an up or down vote? I believe that everyone should have access to healthcare, and healthcare needs to be reformed at the most basic level. It frustrates me knowing the politicians do not have the courage to represent the people. It seems every topic is split between the party lines. No politician is working for the good of the people, they are all worried about playing politics. It's actually disgusting. Come November I plan on a clean sweep.... my personal belief is, two terms and you're out. Enough of career politicians, enough of politics as usual, enough of this nonsense. I had a really good weekend, visiting with friends on Friday and Saturday evening. Friday night Susan came over and we looked at her virus protection on her laptop. Joining the crew was Dave and Sandy. Dave also brought his brand-new Dell laptop computer running Windows 7. We unpacked the laptop and got everything set up for him. This all over pizza, and in time to watch the Penguins play..... basically geek heaven. Saturday night my old friend Mark and his family came over and we went to dinner at Damon's restaurant. It has probably been 12 or 13 years since I've eaten at a Damon's restaurant, it was really good and the service was good too. Mark brought down three new Penguins game jerseys, a Jordan Staal and Sidney Crosby for me and a Sidney Crosby for my other friend Dave..... All in all a pretty full weekend and it's only Sunday morning. The Penguins play tonight at five and I'm already wearing my new white Jordan Staal jersey in anticipation..... lets go Pens Good morning blogosphere......... if any of you have children and are thinking forward to their careers let me make a suggestion. Do not encourage them to be a doctor or lawyer, the real money is in auto repair........ I had my van at my local accessibility dealer to have the lift repaired this week. I needed two toggle switches replaced. the two switch's cost $15 however the labor was two hours at $90 per hour........ imagine my surprise. Do not encourage your kids to go to graduate school or receive doctorates..... purchase them a socket set and a flashlight, put them on the road to financial security early........ $90 an hour damn. 'Theft' of Sidney Crosby's equipment solved I am glad to hear that Sidney Crosby's gear was found and will be returned to him. Hopefully it makes it into the hockey Hall of Fame where it belongs. It was 63° today and the snow has finally melted off most of the sidewalks. So I made it over to Starbucks and had tea this afternoon. It was so nice getting out of the house and enjoying the warmer weather. Maybe winter is finally over, after all it's almost St. Patrick's Day! I could sure go for a Guinness or two about now. The mayor of Pittsburgh has declared a state of emergency in advance of flooding. Hopefully people are prepared, Especially those in flood prone areas. The weather forecast is expecting rain the next few days on top of melting snows in the higher elevations..... The last few weeks I have been using my Netflix account to watch a ton of movies... plus the on-demand cable. Now that the weather is getting nicer I plan on being outside more as soon as the 1 foot of snow and ice melt off of my back deck.... Reebok Canada to pay for return of Crosby's equipment Reebok is offering a $10,000 reward for the no questions return of Sidney Crosby's Olympic gloves and hockey stick. After scoring the overtime goal to give team Canada the gold medal, Sidney dropped his gloves, hockey stick and mouthpiece in celebration. The only thing he got back was his mouthpiece........ Whoever has his equipment should just return it, do the right thing! It's a piece of Canadian history and I'm sure Crosby would like to have it back. BBC News - YouTube adds video captions for deaf Here is a great example of using technology to include individuals with disabilities. Using automatic speech recognition to provide close captioning for YouTube videos makes perfect sense. The technology may not be perfect, but at least it's a start! It would be great if all companies concentrated on inclusion and universal design, hopefully more companies follow Google's example. While watching last night's news I was surprised to see Steelers Quarterback Ben Roethlisberger under investigation again for sexual assault..... It's only been nine months since the last accusation of sexual assault in Nevada. I thought he would be much more cautious in his extra curricular activities. It seems Ben and a bunch of buddies hit several bars and nightclubs in Georgia, near his summer home. I think it's time Big Ben gets a steady girlfriend and forgets about clubbing and drinking with 20 year old girls.... Repeat after me Ben, I will not have sex with strange women in nightclub bathrooms.... your thoughts? 
It has been a couple of days since I wrote my last followup blog entry about my dealings with Charter Communications. I appreciate the fact that all of my initial service setup and installation issues were resolved in a professional and high quality manner. Unfortunately, the customer care, service and treatment that I received, was after the multiple problems had already occurred. The customer care, service and treatment after the multiple problems occurred, should have been the customer care, service and treament that I and all customers should receive from our very initial contact with this company. Until Charter Communications takes a good hard look at how some of their customers are treated, from their initial contact through installation of services and beyond , and make some serious changes, they will never being to compete with companies such as Cox Cable and Verizon. Today is our first day here without one box to unpack. I took my last 2 loads of broken down boxes and huge piles of the movers wrapping paper to the recycle center. I was going to start going for my walks again today but it is rather cool and drizzly out. I will start my walks again tomorrow. My foot has been doing better. Actually I have been so busy that I really have not had much time to pay attention to it even if it was hurting. I guess I will have a better idea what shape it is in when I start my walking routine up. For the normal around the house living, it seems to be doing fine. Veronica is just starting the hiring process for future employees at her new store. Everyone seems very excited to have a new store here on the OBX . They are conducting interviews at the local Ramada Inn, in Nags Head. I heard that one politician in the area told Veronica that she could expect approximately 5000 people to show up for the open employment interviews that will be conducted over the next 3 days. From what I have heard, unemployment for this area is extremely high...over 25%. It is hard to believe that in about 45 days, Veronica and I will be heading out to Alaska on our cruise. By the time that our vacation does arrive, we will surely be ready for a nice break. We were invited to a grand opening of a local restaurant near where we live but unfortunately we could not go. I am sure that we will try the restaurant out in the future. It is less than a mile from where we live. They also had a big parade, a car show and a Taste of The Beach Festival going on yesterday but Veronica and I could not go to that either because we had to get the rest of the unpacking done and finished. I am glad we did stay home and got everything done. I am sure that there will be other events that we can go to as time goes by. Later on this week, we will go to take our drivers license test...they have you take a written test around here. Thank God there is no actual driving test given or else I could be in big trouble. Of course even with the written test, I could be in trouble. Never was good with written tests. Might actually have to break down and study. Feels like I am going back to my High School days. Finally....all and I mean every single box has been gone through, emptied, broken down and taken out of this place....except for a few boxes that we decided not to empty...contents weren't needed. My vehicle has about 40 or more boxes broken down in the back of it. I will be going to the Recycle Center first thing in the morning. After dropping off of the boxes, I will return and load the RAV 4 up with all of the movers wrapping paper. We ended up buying ourselves a new couch and a new dining room set. Originally we were going to share an office and Veronica's craft room. Unfortunately after opening all of the craft room moving boxes, it became very apparent that there was just no way that our computers and computer related furniture was going to fit in with all of that craft room items. I could not believe how tight it was in there. It really was unbearable. So after a real brief discussion and I mean brief, we both decided that it would be in our best interest to put our computer room downstairs in the 1st floor spare bedroom. This is the bedroom that we were using for some indoor storage of extra boxes and rubber storage tubs. So this morning, Veronica and I got up early and moved all of our computer stuff downstairs. It will be a while until Veronica has a chance to put her craft room aka "The Studio" together but when she does, she will have a room all her own for her artistic endeavors. I think that I will try to just relax the rest of today because tomorrow I will be on the run again. Below are some photos of our new place: Here are some photos of or bedroom Master bathroom 2 nd floor hallway Here is a photo of "the door". Behind this door evil lies. Actually, behind this door a real mess resides...at least for now...Veronica's art studio 3rd floor landing Living room, dining room, library room and kitchen photos This is our new computer room...rather spacious compared to the cramped room we were in and as a bonus....it will be much cooler in the Summer months Today Veronica and I got up early to tackle our last major obstacle...the craft room. The boxes seem endless and it will probably take most of the day to get close to being done. Hopefully we will get finished within the next 2 days, so that maybe we can take a deep breath and possibly relax for a minute....just a thought..... Shortly after I wrote and posted my last blog entry, I received a comment from an Eric Ketzer . You can view the posted comment by clicking the comments link on my previous blog entry. As it turns out, Mr. Ketzer is the Social Media Communications Manager for Charter Communications. To be honest with you...I was really floored to have had someone locate my blog entry and then take the time to leave a comment and write me, requesting information to help solve a problematic issue. Mr. Ketzer also sent me an email requesting information about my address, the order number and information that applied to my installation. A short while later, I received a telephone call from another Charter representative named Antoine. We ended up on a 4 way conference call with myself, Antoine, Brad(the local installation supervisor) and I believe it was someone from billing. After discussing the situation, it was agreed that Brad and/or another Quality Assurance Technician would be at my home this morning at 9AM. Brad assured me that they would make everything right for me, on the installation aspect of things. The individual, from what I think was billing, told me that Charter Communications would compensate me for our troubles by giving us a free month of total service and there would be no charge for the installation. After the telephone call ended, I felt much better that we were heading in the right direction of getting this matter settled. Brad along with the Quality Assurance Technician arrived here at 9 AM sharp and they went through the complete installation process for all of our services...cable, telephone and internet . They checked whatever work that had been previously done by the last technician, discussed options with me and made all of the appropriate changes so that I would get the maximum level of quality for each service that I ordered. These 2 gentlemen were highly qualified, very knowledgeable and made me feel very comfortable with everything that they did and all of the services that they provided me. I want to publicly thank Charter Communications, Mr. Eric Ketzer , Antoine, the person from billing whom I spoke to on the telephone, Brad the local Installation Supervisor, the QA technician whose name escapes me....sorry...chalk it up to old age...and another young lady by the name of April, for helping turn this negative situation into a very acceptable and positive outcome. I thank you all. Now I can finally make full use of our new Samsung television...life is good and so are the Kansas Jayhawk basketball team... especially in HD...Rock Chalk Jayhawk...Beak'm Hawks!!!! Our move is complete. Everything was delivered to our new home last Friday. The delivery was smooth and uneventful...just the way I like it. Spent 2-3 days running around getting everything unpacked and put away. Luckily there is a recycle center only about 1 1/2 miles up the road. So after rolling up batches of packing paper and taping it into bundles and breaking down all of the boxes, I was busy taking many loads to the recycle center. Unfortunately we have been dealing with a few other problems which have made this move unpleasant up to this point in tie. In a previous blog entry, I had made mention about the trouble I was having getting our car insurance transfered over to North Carolina. The agent that I had been dealing with had made a couple of mistakes when he entered information as far as my address and other important info needed for my insurance. This agent had switched numbers on our PO Box number. Because of this error, it has caused us not to receive any documents from State Farm showing that we indeed have insurance coverage in North Carolina. Every time I called him, he said that he mailed the paperwork to me. After I found out that he had mailed it to the wrong address, I requested that he change all documents to the correct address. Unfortunately this has been difficult to get accomplished at the cooperate level for some reason. We were planning on going to get our drivers license today and I told the agent this, a couple of days ago. He told me that if I call him before I go to DMV , that he would fax the forms over there, to show proof that we had auto insurance. I was not comfortable doing that because we had not had much luck with him getting things done correctly along with the fact that I was afraid that I would not be able to contact him before we headed to get our drivers licenses and even if we did contact him, that we would get to DMV only to find out that he had not faxed over the paperwork that we needed. The bottom line is that I had lost all faith with this agent and was not comfortable dealing with him any longer. Heaven forbid we should have an accident and needed someone that we could depend upon to provide us with the proper service or help us with any insurance needs that we might have. I placed a telephone call to the head of that agency and left a message for him to call me. I did not hear from him until later on the next day and by that time, I had already put into motion a transfers of our auto insurance policies to another agency. Had he called me the same day that I had called him, we would have most likely stayed with his agency but utilized a different agent within his agency. Because of the error of putting the wrong mailing address down initially, it will take a couple of weeks for this all to be settled and straightened out and for all of our auto insurance policies to be transferred over to this new agency. And now for the icing on the cake...Charter Communications. My experiences and frustration with Charter Cable has been previously documented in some earlier blog entries but with yesterdays fiasco, Charter Communications really outdid themselves. Below is a brief synopsis of the customer service that we received from Charter Communications: The tech was running behind and showed up 45 minutes late...3:45...no big deal because it happens all of the time. As soon as he got there, we knew we were in for trouble. The place where we live is brand new. It has all of the wiring within the walls for telephone, cable and internet services. Nothing on the outside has ever been hooked up,so basically the tech is starting from scratch. Right from the start, he is complaining about how behind he is and how many more service calls he has scheduled for the afternoon. He comes inside and looks at the number of telephones that we have...3 to be exact and all are different. The tech tells us that we should have "one main bank" for 3 identical phones to charge in. This would have made his job easier...he made it sound like everyone has a set up like he wants and made us feel that we should go out and buy a system like the one he was speaking about. The tech spent the next 4 hours complaining about the num ber of stairs he was having to climb, the number of times he had to go up and down those stairs, he was on the phone talking to another tech and a sking her if she had heard the crazy lady that he had as a customer earlier in the day and then proceeded to tell me that this lady(another customer) was a lunatic, bitching to me about the number of jumpers that he was putting together and the number of splitters that he had to use. It was just complaint after complaint. After he once again was complaining about him missing other appointments, I told him that his complaint should be with whoever does the scheduling...not with me. The longer he was there, the more tense and stressful the situation became. I found this tech climbing on our bedroom dresser so that he could plug in a cable wire. On several telephone calls that he had with what sounded like other techs, he was heard complaining about the job that he was here for. He complained and blamed us because this job was taking so long, that he was losing money by not being able to get to other installation appointments. Before everything was done, this tech had packed his stuff up and taken it all downstairs to his truck. By this time, there were cable wires laying over our bed, the nightstand was pulled out and had some unknown type of equipment on it...must have something to do with the phone and basically cables laying here there and everywhere. I mentioned to the tech that the upstairs television had not been hooked up to the cable wire and that he did not leave any cable wire for me to hook to tv up to it. It was at this time that things got real nasty. The tech told me "can't you just go out to a store and buy some cable wire" and "are you too cheap to buy some cable wire" and "all of my wire and tools are down in the truck" and "I have already done a bunch of jumpers, splitters and 50 cables for you". I could not believe what I was hearing. I then looked in our office/craft room where our computers are and my desktop had not been hooked up to the internet . I told the tech that this job was not complete. He then stated that he would hook the wire up to my computer...he was saying it in a really sarcastic fashion. We explained to him about all of the things that were not done and about his behavior throughout the 4 hour ordeal. He really did not have much to say about it, other than to reiterate the amount of work that he had to do and the number of appointments that he missed because of us. It became a rather personal thing at thing point. We told him that we were customers too and that the service that he provided was not acceptable. We told him that we wanted a receipt for money that we owed Charter Communications...they take $90 COD and then apply that amount towards your first bill. We got our receipt but refused to sign off on one of the sheets of paperwork that he had. Veronica did sign off on one of the pieces of paperwork but also wrote on it that the job was not complete and that we would be contacting a supervisor. As soon as the tech left, I did file a formal complaint with Charter Communications. After not hearing from anyone this morning, I called Charter Communications back again and spoke to a supervisor. This supervisor was able to pull up my my official complaint from last night, which listed in detail, all of the things that were done, were said and not done by this technician. The supervisor got in touch with the local dispatcher and the local installation supervisor. I am now awaiting a call back from the local installation supervisor so that we can discuss and rectify this situation. Never in my life, have I ever received such poor quality service from any company nor have I ever had a technician that behaved in such a rude and unprofessional manner. Hopefully I will have happier news in the near future but for now...the beat goes on. I got up early this morning and drove to OBX . I went to the management company and got our keys. I then went to our new condo and unloaded my car. I put up the curtain rods, curtains, shower curtains along with a bunch of bathroom towels. It ended up being one of those days...if anything could go wrong...it did. I finally got everything and all of the extras that were packed in the car, got put away. One thing I forgot to bring was some window cleaner and paper towels. I was planning on cleaning up things in the kitchen and bathrooms. Probably a good thing that I forgot the spritz because it took me all day just to get everything else done. Although everything is brand new, this condo has been closed up for a couple of years now, so everything will need a good cleaning. Tomorrow night the computers get torn down so I won't be back online until the 10 th of March...at least that is when Charter is supposed to install cable, telephone and internet . So the next blog entry will be coming from our new place. After not hearing from the Charter Communications rep about my initial assigned telephone number being lost out in limbo land, I decided not to wait around for them to find it. I went ahead and took the new number. I also went ahead and made my way through my long list of businesses to contact and let them know my "new" new telephone number. Monday I will be heading down to OBX early in the morning. I need to stop by and pick up our keys and then head over to the place. I have a vehicle full of stuff to unload and then I need to start putting up curtain rods and curtails. After that I will do some work in the bathrooms...putting up shower curtains and towels. Hopefully I can get it all done during this one trip. On Wednesday the moving crew comes to box everything up and then on Thursday they will be here early to pack the truck. Starting on Wed we won't have any internet nor computers. We won't have any internet until 3/10, at which time Charter will come out to our new place and set us up with telephone, internet and cable service. This upcoming week with be hectic to say the least be at least we are making progress. 
 Gcalc broke a while back because the html on the Google's search results page changed. Gcalc has been updated and you can download the new binary here. gcalc-0.5 Hi folks. It's been a while since I last posted anything. My family and I moved from the valley to Seattle. We love it up here but we've been very busy. Anyway, on to something somewhat interesting... Question: In C++, what's the difference between the following new Foo; new Foo(); Give up (I almost did)? They're both valid and they both return a pointer to a newly constructed Foo on the heap. They only produce different results when Foo is a POD type . In a nutshell, a POD (Plain Ol' Data) type is a class/struct that only contains data members that are scalar types (int, unsigned char, float, bool, etc.) or other POD types. Basically, a POD object looks like an old C-style struct. For example: (sorry about the lack of indentation—blogger ate it) // POD class Foo { public: int a; }; // NOT a pod class Bar { public: int a; string name; // not a POD type }; The difference between new Foo and new Foo() is that former will be uninitialized and the latter will be default initialized (to zero) when Foo is a POD type. So, when not using the form with the parens, the member "a" can contain garbage, but with the parens "a" will always be initialized to 0. Let's see: $ cat pod.cc #include struct Foo { int a; }; int main() { Foo- foo = new Foo; foo->a = 7; delete foo; Foo- new_foo = new Foo; printf(" new_foo ->a = %d\n", new_foo ->a); delete new_foo; return 0; } $ g++ -o pod pod.cc $ ./pod new_foo->a = 7 But if we simply add empty parens to our new Foo, we'll get different behavior (again, this is only because Foo is a POD type). $ cat pod.cc #include struct Foo { int a; }; int main() { Foo- foo = new Foo () ; foo->a = 7; delete foo; Foo- new_foo = new Foo () ; printf("new_foo->a = %d\n", new_foo->a); delete new_foo; return 0; } $ g++ -o pod pod.cc $ ./pod new_foo->a = 0 And that's about it. The two forms are nearly identical. They behave the same except when used on a POD type, in which case the form with parens initializes the members to zero. Perhaps not that useful, but somewhat interesting. I'm moving soon and I'm trying to get Comcast setup at the new location. I went through their online ordering process, and aside from the fact that there was no useful information given to differentiate one "package" from another, the process wasn't too painful... until the last step. At the end of the process, they require that you chat with a representative online in this shoddy Java applet. I assumed the representative would simply verify some information, then wrap things up. But actually, she said that she needed my SSN. She also reassured me numerous times that "COMCAST is all about protecting customer confidentiality", and that my "information is secured and cannot be viewed by anyone else." Hmm, I thought to myself, I do see that this applet was loaded on a page fetched using https, but how do I know that the applet itself is communicating with the server securely? So, of course I immediately started tcpdumping the session. $ sudo tcpdump -s0 -i en1 -A ... And sure enough, I started seeing unencrypted communication between the applet and the server. (applet -> server) 21:54:36.590164 IP 10.0.1.198.60082 > 66.179.151.44. http : P 26477:27264(787) ack 37992 win 65535 E..;.N@.@... ...B..,...P...0.6..P...,e.. GET /sdccommon/lachat/poll/send_msg.asp?fmt=sst&dtype;=msg&Msg;=... HTTP/1.1 Cache-Control: no-cache Pragma: no-cache User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (Mac OS X 10.5.5) Java/1.5.0_16 Host: www.comcastsupport.com Accept: text/html, image/gif, image/jpeg, -; q=.2, -/-; q=.2 Connection: keep-alive Cookie: CCSSLB=XXXXXXXXXXXXXX; ASPSESSIONIDQSTACRRA=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX; dbsession=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX; ASPSESSIONIDQQQAAQRA=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (server -> applet) 21:55:54.626048 IP 66.179.151.44. http > 10.0.1.198.60082: P 54493:55606(1113) ack 39154 win 65535 E...V.@.p...B.., ....P...6......P..._...HTTP/1.1 200 OK Date: Mon, 27 Oct 2008 04:55:55 GMT Server: Microsoft-IIS/6.0 X-Server: sg-ec-ch05 X-Powered-By: ASP.NET Pragma: no-cache Content-Length: 842 Content-Type: text/xml; Charset=utf-8 Expires: Mon, 27 Oct 2008 04:54:55 GMT Cache-control: no-cache REQUEST_TYPE=STATUS-POLL USER{ USER_NAME&lt;Adela&gt;USER_NAME TYPING=false SI= RC= CMD= IDENT= USER_TYPE=analyst EMAIL_ADDR=Auto Invitation STATUS=working PROBLEM &lt;Order Information&gt;PROBLEM ROOM=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX USER} USER{ USER_NAME&lt;James_&gt;USER_NAME TYPING=false SI= RC= CMD= IDENT= USER_TYPE=user EMAIL_ADDR= STATUS=working PROBLEM&lt;Order Information&gt;PROBLEM ROOM= XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX USER} MSG{ ID=XXXXXXXXXXXXX TYPE=msg FROM&lt;Adela&gt;FROM TEXT&lt; Okay, no problem then. If you really think that this chat is not secure, you can call... &gt;TEXT TIME&lt;10/27/2008 12:55:52 AM&gt;TIME MSG} QUEUE{ NAME&lt;sales6&gt;NAME ID=XXXXXXXXXXX COUNT=0 AHEAD=0 QUEUE} In the end, the chat channel clearly was not encrypted. And during the conversation they send your name, address, phone, and SSN through this chat session, and they claim that the information is secured. I would advise everyone to NOT trust online orders with Comcast, especially ones that use the Java applet pictured here. Or perhaps the better advice is to just not trust anything with the word "Comcast" on it (except for this blog post). I don't know why I'm still amazed by their consistent incompetence. Today we announced a new open source project called Update Engine . Update Engine is a framework to help developers keep their software up-to-date. See the Google Mac blog post for a quick overview and a link to some demo movies explaining Update Engine [and yes, I knew I sounded like kermit when I recorded the video—I even told my wife but she didn't think so... oh well ;-)]. Also, we did not build Update Engine to compete with Sparkle . We built Update Engine to solve different problems. If you're interested, here's my reply about this in the Google Group for the project. I updated gcalc to fix an issue caused by Google changing the HTML around the Google calculator answers (they added an extra h2 tag). No biggie, but gcalc now works again. You can get the new version here . Also, I made gcalc a (small) code.google.com project. So you can now check it out at http://code.google.com/p/uj-gcalc/ . The other day I needed to find the location of an application using its bundle ID. Easy, just use LaunchServices. But I needed to do this from a script. Here are a couple perl one-liners to do it. $ perl -MMac::Processes -e 'printf "%s\n", LSFindApplicationForInfo(undef, "com.apple.TextEdit")' /Applications/TextEdit.app $ mv /Applications/TextEdit.app ~/Desktop/ $ perl -MMac::Processes -e 'printf "%s\n", LSFindApplicationForInfo(undef, "com.apple.TextEdit")' /Users/jgm/Desktop/TextEdit.app $ mv ~/Desktop/TextEdit.app /Applications/ $ perl -MMac::Processes -e 'printf "%s\n", LSFindApplicationForInfo(undef, undef, "TextEdit.app")' /Applications/TextEdit.app (Yes, I know mdfind could do something similar. But it wouldn't necessarily return the one that LaunchServices thinks is the "preferred" one if there were multiple applications with the same bundle ID.) There's often confusion about the difference between the following three declarations in Objective-C: id foo1; NSObject -foo2; id&lt;NSObject&gt; foo3; The first one is the most common. It simply declares a pointer to some Objective-C object (see /usr/include/objc/objc.h ). id gives the compiler no information about the actual type of the object, so the compiler cannot do compile-time type checking for you. Thus, the compiler will let you send any (-) message to objects declared id . Actually, this is why the common idiom of [[Foo alloc] init] doesn't cause the compiler to complain. +alloc is declared to return type id , so the compiler won't yell when you then send the returned object the message init (or even initWithMyFoo:blah ). So, objects declared using id are just dynamically typed at runtime. The compiler has no useful information about the object's real type, so it can't warn you if you send it a message that it may not respond to. Just because we know that an id is an Objective-C object does not mean that it points to an object that derives from NSObject, or that it even has common methods like retain and release. One solution is to statically type our variable using NSObject- as shown in number 2 above. This gives the compiler information about the class of the object pointed to by foo2 so the compiler can warn if you send a message to foo2 that an NSObject doesn't respond to. This means you can safely call retain, release, description, etc., but the compiler will warn if you call length or count or anything that an NSObject doesn't respond to. So, declaring a generic pointer of type NSObject- is very similar to what you would do in other languages, like Java, but it's really a bit too restrictive for a language as flexible as Objective-C. Despite what you may have learned at one point, not all Foundation/Cocoa objects derive from NSObject. As an example, NSProxy is not derived from NSObject, so the foo2 pointer above would not be able to hold an NSProxy subclass, even though NSProxy does implement common methods like retain and release. What you really want is a pointer to any object that behaves like an NSObject. And that's exactly what the third case does. Declaring an object as id&lt;NSObject&gt; tells the compiler that you don't care what type the object is, but you do care that it conforms to the specified NSObject protocol--. The compiler will ensure that all objects you assign to that pointer conform to the required protocol. A pointer typed like this can safely hold any NSObject (because NSObject conforms to the NSObject protocol), but it could also hold any NSProxy, because NSProxy also conforms to the NSObject protocol. In english, the declaration id&lt;NSObject&gt; foo3; says "foo3 is a pointer to an object of any type that behaves like an NSObject". This is very powerful, convenient, and expressive. In reality, we often don't care what type an object is, we just care that it responds to the messages that we want to send it (e.g., retain, release). So how do you decide which form you want to use? It's pretty easy. If you don't want (or can't have) any type checking, then use a plain id . This is very common for return types on methods that don't know the type of object they're returning (e.g., +alloc ). It is also common to declare delegates to be type id , because delegates are generally checked at runtime with respondsToSelector: , and they usually aren't retained. However, if you do want compile-time type checking, you must decide between the second and third cases. Well, let me just help you out&mdash;you want the third case! :-) I've very, very, VERY rarely seen a situation where NSObject - worked but id&lt;NSObject&gt; would not. And using the protocol form has the advantage that it will work with NSProxys. You may think that you never use NSProxys, but Cocoa's distributed objects system makes heavy use of NSProxy subclasses. Additionally, the common case is that you simply want to ensure that an object can be retained or released, and in that case the protocol form conveys that intent better; you really don't care what class the object is, you only care that it behaves like an NSObject. - Well, not "any" message. If you send a message using a selector that the compiler has never seen, it may warn that it has never seen that selector. This is nice in the event that you mistype init as inti . -- Now, when I say "NSObject" here I'm talking about the protocol ( @protocol ) named NSObject. There is also a class named NSObject that does indeed conform to the NSObject protocol, but they are two different things. Markd over at the Borkware Miniblog posted some great pictures&mdash;and hilarious captions&mdash;of Macworld '08. 
 Some of you may know the legend of the long lost film The White Gazelle, made by Tony Laudati in I believe 1981 (?). It was featured in Cinemagic magazine long long ago, but until now the movie itself was unavailable for viewing to anyone who didn't know Tony personally. Well, thanks to today's digital culture, it's now available - for 99 cents no less (!!) on a site called Filmginder. White Gazelle on Filmgrinder This is an amateur production... shot in 16mm, but featuring some incredible sculpting and in-camera compositing effects. The compositing isn't as flawless as it would be if shot on 35mm film with a pin-registered camera... the 16mm models are known to suffer from what's called "film weave", making compositing effects tricky. All that said, as soon as I found out the film was available I went ahead and downloaded it. I was able to pay through my PayPal account, simple as pie, and no problems whatsoever with joining the site or getting the download. I really love the atmosphere of this movie. There's something primal about it... watching this caveman and his woman I get a real sense of how tough life was in paleolithic times, and what's more I get a strong sense of shamanism. Magic and mojo... the basis of all art and performance, leading right up to and including of course stopmotion itself. Needless to say, I highly recommend this... ESPECIALLY for the price!! Yes!!! Life stirs once again in the Darkstudio!!! My winter vacation is over and Im back to work on the film!!! ... And what's more, I'm just about ready to start shooting. Hopefully in a few days. For today's update, I got the bar stools all painted up looking nice and grungy. Hey people... sorry I haven't updated in so long!!! It's been insanely cold around here... hovering around 5 degrees F and ranging up to about 15 for a few weeks now. Too cold in the basement for glue or paint to set right... and for human habitation too!! I haven't been down here for more than about ten minutes at a stretch and even then I wrapped my lower half up in a sleeping bag and wore lots of layers!!! So no work on the set recently, but now the cold front has passed, so work should resume. Actually I already got a few small things done, but nothing worth posting pics yet. See ya soon..... Last night I decided to put the new wall onto the set even though I have more work to do on it... I wanted to see it all together for a preview and mess around with lighting to try to find an approach to use for this film. This link should take you to Photobucket and from there you can download the full size image... it looks SO MUCH better than this little rinky-dink version!! (scroll over the picture to see the download option). This is what the shot was looking like at first. Download this one here. Note the problems with the lighting.... very hard glaring light on the foreheads, and the faces in shadow. This is a result of the way they're sculpted. Note... I am NOT dissing Scott Radke's sculpting!!! I LOVE these heads... but because of the way they're done... eyes set so wide and facing different directions, bare foreheads with no hair covering them that face directly into the light plane, and somewhat glossy paint - it makes them very hard to light. It's a challenge (like everything about this project). And it's forcing me to dig deep and find a different way to work. Here's the solution that's working best so far... These are my lights. I'm only using 2 for this shot, and note... they're both facing FORWARD .... rather than the more normal option of being aimed directly at the set. See the next image to understand WHY . See the big white sheets of paper fastened to the front of the set? They're reflectors. The lights are both aimed at them, and then only reflected light is bounced back onto the set to light the puppets. {for this pic I actually had a light aimed directly at the set just to make things show up better} Reflected light has some very nice properties... it's very diffused, doesn't cast a clear shadow, and it has a lot less glare than direct light does. And because this is all fill light coming from the front, it fills in details like the eye sockets that were in deep shadow before. This kind of reflected lighting seems to be the only solution to the lighting problems posed by these heads. But... if you compare the two shots above, even though the direct lighting causes glare and shadow problems, it has a much more dramatic look to it... creating great shadows that define the form of the heads... the fully reflected light doesn't do this. In fact, reflected light like this is often called cartoon lighting, because of the lack of drama and overall illuminated feel. I want to try to find a halfway solution... I think if I can aim a light or two directly at the set with plenty of neutral density gels (grey color filters) to dim them down while still keeping the reflected lighting I currently have, I should be able to get the best of both worlds. Time will tell. Making yet another brick wall.... why do I torture myself like this? This is the last major set piece, after this it's just a matter of putting it all together, finishing up a few loose ends, and doing final set dressing before launching into actual animation. Hard to believe... after 3 long years, this film is actually going to happen!! It took a lot of work to turn a pice of foamcore into a brick wall... here it was at one point: So much cutting and the hardest part was peeling off both paper facings from each brick individually (too hard to peel a large piece). But it's done now, aside from a little more painting and detailing. Soon I'll show some of the props I've been making. I've made several brick walls before... Buster's hat tip test , Race the Wind , and my first, for the Ahab tests . when I look at that bucket of peeled bricks just above I clearly remember the History Channel show about Einstein that was on as I laboriously peeled each one. And for Race the Wind... it was a Victoria's secret Runway Show (that one was a bit distracting). I don't recall the other ones, but it's funny how certain kinds of work lend themselves to that kind of memory retention... possibly it's the tedious repetitive jobs that allow us to pay attention to something else as we work. Here's a motion test I shot some time ago... actually it was before I had the Lumix camera, done with my Hitachi. I think I used a big zoom lens, which probably accounts for why out-of-focus things look so weird here. I was trying to develop a certain kind of motion that I could see in my head for this film... the characters and the camera all moving in unison like an orchestrated dance. Oh and yeah, I know... he has some kind of neck spasm there. Rotational movement is hard to keep under control... so I learned something valuable from this test! I've learned how to use a framegrabber a lot better since then, though I really haven't tried another head turn like this - something I ought to do soon. This is amazing!! Just posted on the message board, and in production for some time already over at the Karlsruhe University of Arts and Design in Germany... stopmotion puppets placed in a CG environment that was created (and framegrabbing done) using Blender open source 3D software. I must say, this definitely looks like one of the coolest films I've seen being made recently... for a long time actually. I wish I had come up with this idea!!! Check out their blog: http://www.artificial3d.com/omega/ IN a pair of recent posts - Analyze this and the followup Analysister -I brought up the idea of some aspects of a movie (surface story) being readily discernible to the left (logical) brain and some, more subtle parts, to the right (intuitive) brain. I had never thought about this until making the Analyze this post and discussing the way Kubrick's films seem to work on a viewer. For convenience's sake I've included a table below listing the well-known attributes of these two hemispheres of the brain. Right Brain vs. Left Brain Definition This theory of the structure and functions of the mind suggests that the two different sides of the brain control two different “modes” of thinking. It also suggests that each of us prefers one mode over the other. Discussion Experimentation has shown that the two different sides, or hemispheres, of the brain are responsible for different manners of thinking. The following table illustrates the differences between left-brain and right-brain thinking: Left Brain Right Brain Logical Sequential Rational Analytical Objective Looks at parts Random Intuitive Holistic Synthesizing Subjective Looks at wholes Article It suddenly occurred to me that this division between two different ways of thinking sounds very familiar... in fact I've encountered very nearly the same division between ways of thinking - one logical and focused, the other intuitive and 'fuzzy', but in a non-scientific context: The Apollonian/ Dionysian dichotomy Apollonian and Dionysian are terms used by Nietzsche in The Birth of Tragedy to designate the two central principles in Greek culture. The Apollonian, which corresponds to Schopenhauer's principium individuationis ("principle of individuation"), is the basis of all analytic distinctions. Everything that is part of the unique individuality of man or thing is Apollonian in character; all types of form or structure are Apollonian, since form serves to define or individualize that which is formed; thus, sculpture is the most Apollonian of the arts, since it relies entirely on form for its effect. Rational thought is also Apollonian since it is structured and makes distinctions. The Dionysian, which corresponds roughly to Schopenhauer's conception of Will, is directly opposed to the Apollonian. Drunkenness and madness are Dionysian because they break down a man's individual character; all forms of enthusiasm and ecstasy are Dionysian, for in such states man gives up his individuality and submerges himself in a greater whole: music is the most Dionysian of the arts, since it appeals directly to man's instinctive, chaotic emotions and not to his formally reasoning mind. Nietzsche believed that both forces were present in Greek tragedy, and that the true tragedy could only be produced by the tension between them. He used the names Apollonian and Dionysian for the two forces because Apollo, as the sun-god, represents light, clarity, and form, whereas Dionysus, as the wine-god, represents drunkenness and ecstasy. Article I discussed this in an old post on my original blog: http://www.darkstrider.net/july8_2005.html Sorry, I can't link directly to it... I used to hand-code that blog and didn't know how to separate posts, so I can only link to the entire page, but it's the second post. Just scroll down a little bit. I was profoundly taken by this idea when I first encountered it in Camille Paglia's book Sexual Personae, and she really made me aware of these two different modes of perception/cognition. These little tables I posted here and similar ones you see on the web are very brief and only cover the basics, but Paglia dissects it quite deeply. She also relates these modes of thinking to what she terms the Male principle and the Female principle... left brain/ Apollonian being the male and right brain/ Dionysian being the female. Don't oversimplify and think she's making a general division between men and women... people have some of each tendency in their makeup, just as we all use both left and right brain. Many women exhibit strong male tendencies while many men have female tendencies. Well, when I connected these various ideas together, it became clear to me that they are very real tendencies that exist in all of us. Modern sbrain science, as it often does, is merely re-inforcing ancient wisdom. The Greeks were aware of this dichotomy centuries ago, and now it's been discovered in the very structure of the brain itself... so science has only shown us figuratively where Apollo and Dionysus live. It makes me wonder... how many of the other Olympian gods could be said to embody some part of human nature... god of war... goddess of the hunt, goddess of love.... interesting. And doubtless not new! Only something that hadn't occurred to me before. So.... taking all this into account... the idea of a dichotomy in modes of thinking that's existed in human nature for a long time and that it's cropped up in various ways, both scientific and mythical/artistic, I began to wonder if it's reared its head in any other ways. And sure enough, a couple similar dichotomies presented themselves to my questing mind. Dichotomy in politics Exploring the neurobiology of politics, scientists have found that liberals tolerate ambiguity and conflict better than conservatives because of how their brains work. In a simple experiment reported today in the journal Nature Neuroscience, scientists at New York University and UCLA show that political orientation is related to differences in how the brain processes information. Previous psychological studies have found that conservatives tend to be more structured and persistent in their judgments whereas liberals are more open to new experiences. The latest study found those traits are not confined to political situations but also influence everyday decisions. This is just a section of an article posted here . To condense these tendencies down to their most basic (for purposes of simplicity) we could call one Focused and the other Vague or Fuzzy. Which then led me to my next (and so far last) revelation... Rods and Cones Article Two different kinds of 'photoreceptors', or neurons, in the eye. Rods are responsible for night vision and peripheral vision... they're not as 'focused' as the cones, which see detail and color. Therefore the vision of the rods could be characterized as 'fuzzy' or vague, but in some way superior to the rod-vision. Have you ever noticed that , if you're looking up into the night sky, very dim stars or very distant galaxies (which at first look like dim stars) can't be seen by looking directly at them (cones) but only by looking a little bit away, activating the rods. To me all these various dichotomies sound very similar. In fact I'd venture to say taken as a whole they point out the same basic division in the human being... a divergence between different modes of... is it perception, cognition, or interpretation? Hard to say. And I won't make any statements here, aside from bringing up what I think is a very interesting conundrum revealing itself to us in various ways - Mythical (a way of giving meaning to things we don't understand) Scientific (a way of studying nature) and Political -- and that might have a profound meaning as far as what it means to be human. ... And with this post, hopefully I conclude this little obsession that began just before Halloween when I happened to catch The Shining on cable TV (little realizing the bizarre series of ideas it would lead me through!) and can now get back to work on my film!! 
 Absolutely stunning digital rendering: [ Wow, that is really stunning work, and very creative. ] A quote from the author Staszek Marek: The most beautiful places that come to mind always have water, steep cliffs and tropics in common. Lush turquoise colors emphasizing positive vibes, something I've never seen. I wanted to achieve complete integration of future architecture with nature, complete with green parks, trees and gardens. What caught my eye and train of thought right away was his remarks about how big an influence the landscape is, in relationship to the architecture. Renderings like this . . . the creativity needs to be shared. There are a number of other entries here , be prepared to be amazed. Powered by ScribeFire . Great story in the NYTimes about Laura Spector who goes out into the woods alone and cuts down all the vine(s) she can pull out to make something great out of something very bad. [From the Laura Spector website .] Apparently she targets Bitttersweet or Asiatic vine Celastrus orbiculata which has run amok in her part of the "woods". Her specialty, apparently a little of everything-sconces, mirrors, arches, furniture, etc. Good for her! From the story: “I go out into the woods alone, everywhere,” she said. “And I go deep, a mile or two in from roads. The hardest part is schlepping the stuff out alone. I have letters of permission from places like the Aspetuck Land Trust and Aquarion, the water company. They’re happy to lead me to the worst infestations, as long as I indemnify them in case I fall.” Here's another great piece from Laura's website ; which I am linking you to, the NYTimes does not. [ One of Laura's benches , I love that Koa wood slab.] Great stuff, really great imagination. In her own words: My work is unique in that it is influenced by the rich and decorative18th Century British Romantic tradition. British rustic is unique from its more familiar American cousin, in that its graceful lines follow nature’s whimsy yet suggest the complexity of wrought ironwork. Finally this piece of railing: [Very nice, keep up the good work Laura. ] Powered by ScribeFire . I noticed that folks are still stopping by looking for info on Pergola's and such. Be advised that I have indeed been at this new site for quite awhile. Still discussing pergola's renderings, landscape construction, drawings, waterfeatures, ponds, landscape construction, etc. Even though I enjoyed my time here and appreciated the recognition of the Blogger staff I moved over to Wordpress .com. It was not an easy decision because I had to hand export over 250 post, and find a way to move comments also. It was the opportunity to have several pages to add additional info . . . which also allowed me to clean up the front page of my Blog. I don't know if I'm a minimalist at heart, but my inner designer likes clean and simple. So here I am gone . . . to Wordpress. Here again, is the new site . If you were kind enough to set up a link to this page from your Blog or page I would appreciate it if you would change that to my new Blog site over at Wordpress. I appreciate the fact the you thought enough of what I am doing to link to my page and I hope that will continue over at my new site. Again, thanks a lot in advance. I look forward to your readership, comments, and feedback. Landscape Design, and Design is important to our lives, and good design makes our life more enjoyable, more pleasant, and more civilized. I will continue to write about what I see, hear, learn, and ponder about as I continue my life's work. My friends . . . . have all chimed in, one way or another, and have decided they like the Wordpress look better. So I will respect their opinions and move. The only real question left for me is do I stay at Wordpress.com or do I move entirely over to another type of site. As in a paying site. Where I can have the blog hosted, and at the same time move the WCI website to also. There are (for me) plus'es and minus'es to both sides of this equation. All of this is going to have to wait until I get back from the Mgmt. Clinic in Louisville, KY. this coming week. I trip I am looking forward to-this is a very good conference, lots of high energy. So for now dear readers keep catching me over at the other site where I am posting like mad, like mad I tell you . . . yes actually mad. I wonder . . . how do you spell plus'es and minus'es? Well I have almost everything moved over to the Wordpress site . I am almost certain I am moving over there. The swag, chiclets(sp?), and buttons are not over there and I am not sure how that is going to work out. I really do not want to add anymore to the sidebar. If needed I will add those to another page. I have added everyone's link in the link page and think it looks good, and those links look easy to find. The page loads faster over there, and I like the cleaner look-hey! I'm a Designer! I Design, I like clean simple lines. Just look at my work. Now I know graphic design is entirely different than Landscape Design, but aesthetics are aesthetics . . . aren't they? Take a look , but I am pretty sure this is a done deal, unless a flood of folks say different. The biggest reason not to leave is that Google loves me, it really loves me. I hope it happens at the Wordpress site. We shall see. I have moved my Blog to a Word Press site. To see, just how it would look in a different type of setting. To streamline, to pull back on sidebar stuff. So I am looking for some feedback, via e-mail or comment. Which style of blog seems to fit what I am trying to do? 
 The Weds night hang is in flux. Tomorrow is St Patty's, so we'll be steering clear of bars. Plan tomorrow: 5:45 pm: meet at Polly Judd. 6 pm: Ride We'll ride the middle trail south to miserable climb to Bernard/Highdrive, then drop back down on the top trail to Polly Judd to land at Huck's by 7pm. This is all swoopy single track with some climbing. The single track is easy, but the bluff drop off can be distracting to newbies. If you're not into the ride part, then feel free and clear to meet at Huck's. Remember: this is about hanging out and -talking- about bikes. This whole riding thing is new to the Hang, so all bike-talkers are always welcome. Picture this: A rad dude on a "vintage" Bridgestone MB-2. The MB-2 has been hacked into a single-speed. There's no unsightly chain tensioner. Tight. The rad dude is track standing in the front of a long line of traffic at a busy intersection waiting for a red light to turn. He's listening to 20 year-old rad punk music in his mp3 player. It's a sunny day and life is good. And rad. He's aloof but ready to hammer off the line. The light turns green and he lays into his pedals with all of the fury of his middle-aged strength. Bad Religion drowns out the POP! his chain makes as it snaps. His elegant chain line was the result of hours of filing, grinding, and chain-length fussing -- indeed, he had to add and remove his half-chain-link a number of times as he tried different combinations of freewheel and chainring. In the split second he slams his members into the top tube of his vintage steel, he ponders the hackneyed phrase, "you're only as strong as your weakest link." The phrase, as it turns out, does make some sense. Cars move around him, perplexed drivers staring. Another cyclists rides by and says something the rad dude can't hear. Was it, "that didn't look good..."? By now the top-tube has made clear it's immovable, cold, steel resolve upon the rad dude's groin. Tears well up in the rad dude's eyes as he picks up the chain and limps his bike to the side walk, where he will call for a ride home for the second time. With apologies to Lynyrd Skynyrd--if you're not familiar with the song you can check it out here --I offer up this for every cyclist riding in traffic. Gimme Three Feet I was riding along, My head stuck on this song, Right wheel tracking in my lane. When the cars in the mirror Brought on my greatest of fears. They think passin' bikes is a game. They would brush by close As if they wanted to boast Of making three lanes from two. Now I don't like to fight But this just isn't right And I'm lookin' out for you know who. Oh, won't you gimme three feet, Gimme three feet, drivers. Gimme three feet and go around. Gimme three feet. Gimme three feet, drivers, And we make it home safe and sound. I know that I'm slow, But we're sharing the road So please don't make me squirm. Go ahead and zoom After you give me some room And I'll go back to hearing this earworm . Hey, there fellow With the truck painted yellow, I pay my taxes, too. I know that you'd be swayed If you and I would trade And this cyclist now was you. So gimme three feet, Gimme three feet, drivers. Gimme three feet and go around. Gimme three feet. Gimme three feet, drivers, And we make it home safe and sound. I can already hear it playing. Can't you? Score. I see lots of tools on the side of the road when I ride. I've stopped picking up channel lock pliers. As we rode down Broadway this morning I saw this wrench in a flash as we passed. It took me another 10 feet or so to process what I'd seen. All I knew is that whatever the wrench was, it was metric. Hells yeah. A 8 mm/10 mm combo wrench. How perfect is that? I never find such obvious bikey tools like this. I was thinking it was about the best road find one could hope for. But the obvious holy grail of all bike finds would be the Hozan Rock Ring Wrench. I hacked this out of Nate's private fancy invite-only blog. From our ride on Friday.... This is a great ride. I think the last time I rode this was with Jason . Sorry about the formatting. -------------- East Temple Road. Today's half-century-plus took John, Friday Ride newcomer Andrew, Tom and I to a place where winter actually visited, and still lingers. I had a heavy sack of rain and warmth gear on my back, but the promised rain never came, except in spits. It was much warmer than yesterday. We did however meet with lots of wind and plenty of mud. We started at the Scoop for coffee. John was eager to get going. We made our descent on Bernard, and headed out Centenial Trail. We climbed deadly Lehman Hill and made our way to Temple. The climb up Temple is double-deadly, but the views are great... ...in all directions. The guys waited for me to catch up on the hills. At the top of the hill, the eastside gravel road turns to dirt. There was snow, mud, lots of water flowing. The temp dropped in shaded, protected parts of the road, though there was little ice. I walked some of the slipperiest sections, but still managed to fall off the bike once in some snow. (The others rode the whole of it.) But the descent was a blast, and the woods a beautiful place to be. We stopped for some gas station food by Newman Lake, and I took a look at my shoes under the table. Heh! The ride home back on CT was up tempo, into the wind. That section of the CT is pretty on the river side, but bleak on the other. I was getting tired. Tom and I high-fived when my odometer hit 50, then again when his turned 50 a mile later. By the time I got home I was at 57.1, my longest single ride of the year so far. Click for big. Before I begin any postings about where or what I ride, I'd like to introduce myself. Some of you may know me. In fact, "I" seem to be everywhere. You see, I may very well be you. Or you may be me. I'm (we're) the person that loves to bike. Yet, it's often too cold, wet or far. We're in a hurry or there's a meeting we need to look nice for. Or -insert reason not to ride here-. When we do get on the bike we realize how much we like it. How much freedom it provides and how good it makes us feel. But the neighbors dog scares me. I'll ride tomorrow. So here's the deal. Beginning tomorrow, Saturday March 13th I will ride every day for 42 days. It may be a long ride, more likely it'll be a short one. No excuses. Gotta work a 24-hour shift at the Fire Department? Too bad! Ride to work in the morning and home the next day. Heck, that's two days right there. Each day will be blogged about on my personal site (which is even more stale than my bike riding). Send me a personal e-mail at ffemtjacque at gmail dot com if you need the address. The really cool rides I'll post here with pictures. In an effort to keep this post short that's all I really have to say. I'm me and very well may be you. Let's stop making excuses and ride. Till later, Who Loves Ya? Oh, this is why 42 days. --Edit-- Does anyone have a mileage computer I can borrow for this? I'd like to track my daily mileage. I'll return it after the 42-days. --Edit #2-- Thanks for all the responses and support. I've got a computer to track miles and look forward to some rides with ya'll. This just in. Shimano has gone back to their original 2-strap sandal style for the 2010 version. Hallelujah. I've carried on endlessly about the demise of the 2-strap Shimano sandals on this blog. And then there's the Keen Commuter woes . Everytime I talk sandals, I fear the wrath of BSNYC, or his/her followers, but I am proud to speak for the wool-sock-with-sandal-wearing nerds of Fredom. Thank you Shimano for making your sandal look and act more like a sandal again. Now if we can just get Ibex to bring back the Hybrid ... 
 Merry Christmas, Everyone! I sure hope you had a great Christmas. I know I did. Each year it seems to get better and better. I was very pleased with how well our Christmas Eve Operation went last night given all of the unexpected challenges. We ended up with 100% delivery success and initial polls show that overall satisfaction was around 97%. That's up about 4% from last year (note: last year was actually the lowest we have had since the 1940s) and back within our historically normal range. It was a very pleasant Christmas for me. It took us about 3 hours after I landed back at the North Pole to wind down the operations. Mrs. Claus and I then had brunch together at the house. Some of the elves were kind enough to prepare it for us so that neither one of us had to cook... it was very nice of them. After brunch, Mrs. Claus and I both took a 4 hour nap. We awoke around 2pm NPT but only because I had set the alarm. Its a good thing I did because we had to get up and prepare Christmas dinner. We invited about a dozen of our closest friends over for dinner. It's nothing fancy but its one of my favorite things about the season.... we (read: Mrs. Claus) make good food, its a great atmosphere, and we share laughs with good friends. We just use the dining room but on Christmas, with the dining room tree (it's a 10-footer, decorated with multi-color lights and hand-made ornaments we have received as gifts from children all over the world... every country is represented) glowing, tens of candles flickering, and the floor-to-ceiling windows revealing the snowy scene outside, and a huge fire roaring in the stone fireplace, the atmosphere was hard to beat. We sat for hours after dinner drinking coffee, sharing memories, and making plans for the future. I hope all of you had a chance to connect with friends and family the way Mrs. Claus and I were able to tonight. After everyone left and Mrs. Claus went to bed, I retired to the den and took a seat in my recliner. I turned all the lights off except the Christmas tree lights and the lights in the garland that draped all the windows. The fire was burning low in the fireplace and about a dozen candles on the mantle were lit. I started to turn the TV on but then decided not to... instead I turned on the sound system and tuned the satellite radio to the Christmas music channel. I grabbed one last cup of Christmas Blend coffee (I won't drink anymore until next year) and settled in my recliner. I just sat there and enjoyed the moment... soaking in every last precious moment of Christmas. I didn't think about old memories or make plans for the future... I was just truly in the moment. I don't know about you but its rare I do that. I am always thinking about what's next... two, three, four moves down the road. I don't think much about the past other than to consider what I can learn from it but thinking about "what's next" often keeps me out of the moment. So tonight was special. It is something I need to apply more often. If you haven't taken time to just sit and enjoy a quiet, still moment during this very special... even magical... time of year, I encourage you to do so. You will be amazed at the pure joy it provides. It's time now for me to "hit the hay". It's been an amazing run to and through Christmas this year. As we close this season, I want you to know how much I appreciate all of you. I hope that my role as Santa Claus serves to provide you with joy, hope, and belief. I pray the spirit of Christmas and its true meaning will be with you through out the year ahead. May God bless you and all of your loved ones. Merry Christmas to all and to all a very blessed night! Love, Santa ...and to all a Good Night! The last presents have been delivered, the last cookie eaten, the last glass of milk consumed, and the last stocking filled. I just recieved the "All Clear" signal from the North Pole Headquarters. We are pointing the sleigh due north and returning home. I hope everyone has had as much fun this Christmas Eve as I have had tonight. Tomorrow is going to be the best Christmas yet! I will not update my log until late in the day to day as I plan on enjoying Christmas brunch with Mrs. Claus and taking a nap. Good night, all! "And she shall bring forth a Son, and thou shalt call His name JESUS: for He shall save His people from their sins." - Matthew 1:21 I am just entering Alaska. It feels like being back home at the North Pole. Talk about cold! Brrr. I am still behind schedule but we will easily finish our work this evening before the sunrises and kids wake up. It's been a good night... even with a few unexpected challenges along the way. From here, I will head south to the Hawaiian Islands. I'll make a few stops between but I can shed the jacket for a few minutes and swap out my Starbucks Christmas blend coffee for some 100% Kona coffee while I'm cruising through the Islands. I love it down there! Mrs. Claus and I will be back in the Islands for our annual vacation in a little more than a week. Can't wait! To all of you now awake across Europe, Asia, Africa, &amp; Australia/Oceania... Merry Christmas! I am still tracking behind schedule but the weather is much, much better. I am currently in the Damascus, Oregon area after spending some time in western Canada. Once again this year, I spent a little extra time in Vancouver, BC with a little girl I know that is fighting cancer as well. I'll spend time with her sister as well. Regrettably, I can't let them see me... but I am so proud of both of them that I want to take a little time and make sure they are tucked in and sleeping well. It was a tough year for both of them as there were additional follow-up surgeries. Life seems to be a roller coaster when you are battling something like this. All I can say is that I really admire the entire family for how they handle this along with all the other challenges life brings us. It is not easy but they are doing it. Day to day they are making life go on. As I said last year, I never cease to be amazed by the strength and character of children that face cancer. They are wise &amp; strong beyond their years. And they are truly an inspiration to me. Its well worth spending a few extra minutes with them. I have deliveries to make so I'm going to sign-off for now. I'll post again soon. I am behind schedule and experiencing some technical difficulties as I move towards the west coast. I have crossed the Rocky Mountain range in North America and am experiencing much better weather conditions; however, due to the storm across the mid-western United States, I am about an hour behind where I would like to be. The weather in the midwestern United States is very challenging right now. We are approximately 30 minutes behind schedule already. The reindeer are having to work very hard as we press against gusting headwinds. Its been very difficult to control the sleigh. I am carrying a fraction of the normal payload or otherwise I don't believe we could keep this thing in the air. On the ground, due to the sheets of ice, we are having to land in front yards and on neighborhood roads and have me hike (with a pair of crampons on my boots) up to and into the houses. The winds are almost blowing me sideways and snow is falling at the rate of about half a foot an hour where I am at currently. We'll be headed back for yet another replenishment stop here in a minute. With the lighter load maximums, we are having to stop many more times than normal. The reindeer are looking forward to the break though as they are working hard! Ok kids... I might be a bit behind schedule and I might have a few challenges, but I am - without question - coming to town. So get to bed!! Oh.. one last note... given the weather, my posts may be a bit delayed and not just because of technology issues but also because I am going to be largely pre-occupied with navigating this storm, surviving the night, and finishing my deliveries. Don't worry if there is a bit of delay... I am ok. No... not THAT one. Elvis. I am currently looking down at the blue lights of Graceland. What a beautiful sight! But I can't look too long... we have to clear this airspace quickly. And that is going to be challening given the current weather conditions. This has already been a very difficult night. I anticipate it only growing more challenging as I head into the heart of the storm. Our friends at FedEx are holding their routes so that we can deliver our presents across the Memphis metro area. I'll be zig-zagging across from Lakeland, TN to Hernando, MS over the next hour or so. I need to stay on time so that I can clear the airspace and let our partners at FedEx (we do a lot of business with them... they help with distribution from our North Pole, China, &amp; India production facilities to our replenishment centers) get back in the air. We definitely don't want them missing their deliveries! So kids... if you live in the mid-South of the United States, its time to get to bed! The weather is nice here in Miami. Unfortunately I can't stay very long. I will be headed west and into the storm pretty soon. As you know, I am constantly getting updates from the North Pole Headquarters. I regret to tell you that once again this year, almost a 100 addresses have been removed from my list of places to stop. The Naughty &amp; Nice list is changing even as we speak. Kids - please make sure you are behaving your parents tonight. You don't want your address to be removed from my list! I'll post again soon. 
I have been trying to find the full text of Toyota's apology for the safety problem that has finally resulted in a massive recall of their vehicles for repair of their accelerators.&nbsp; Sadly, I fear the full text&nbsp; consists of this: “I offer my apologies for the worries,“ [Akio Toyoda] said. “Many customers are wondering whether their cars are OK.“&nbsp; This is shockingly inadequate, as so may apologies these days are.&nbsp; This lays the problem entirely on&nbsp; the consumer -- consumer worries and wondering whether their cars are OK, not on Toyota's manufacturing defective cars and its failure to respond immediately to the problem once it was brought to their attention. This is like the ubiquitous, "If I have offended you by [my saying that you are a fat cow], I am sorry."&nbsp; This sort of aplogy does not apologize for calling the person a fat cow but for offending him or her, which is entirely different and is consistent with the idea that the listener's being offended is his or her problem, not the speaker's problem.&nbsp; Mr. Toyoda could have said, "I am sorry that we made defective cars and put your lives in jeopardy," but he didn't.&nbsp; What is worse, we have here a classic example of "too little; too late."&nbsp; State Farm reported the problem to the NHTSA in 2007.&nbsp; Even more disturbing is the fact that NHTSA was getting complaints about acceleration problems in Toyotas in 2003. I have to believe Toyota was the first to know about it but chose to put its head in the sand.&nbsp; The recall is going to cost $900 million by one estimate.&nbsp; And they are losing something like $1.55 million per week in sales.&nbsp; No wonder putting their heads in the sand seemed attractive. I own a 12-13 year old Toyota pick up that has served me well.&nbsp; And my wife has a Rav4.&nbsp; She is a little concerned that she will have accelerator problems.&nbsp; Her fears are due entirely to the fact that Toyota has been totally unforthcoming about exactly what cars, made when are vulnerable to the problem. My wife and I just finished watching Alan Alda's PBS thing on the "human spark."&nbsp; He's a smart guy and funny but what was he thinking when he endorsed the notion that there is a "human spark?"&nbsp; And what were these Harvard and Oxford and other scientists thinking? I have had some experience with media sorts and they are very fond of "hooks" that one can use to snag an audience and keep it.&nbsp; The hook this time is the notion of a "human spark" -- something we have but that chimps and no other species (on this planet) have.&nbsp; This is a terrible metaphor.&nbsp; We know that it takes a spark to ignite gasoline fumes in an automobile cylinder and that this is the most proximate cause of the piston's moving downward thereby assisting the engine in its effort to ...&nbsp; I don't want to get into automobile stuff.&nbsp; I would be way out of my depth.&nbsp; However, I am inclined to think that the evolution of those human qualities that distinguish us from chimps and other life forms might be just a bit more complicated than this metaphor makes it out to be. The terrible thing about this metaphor is that it works better for "sophisticated" intelligent design people than for Darwinists.&nbsp; If intelligent design people are willing to concede that we and the chimps have a common origin, they need only then say, "Aha, Alda is with us.&nbsp; We are the life forms god sparked into humanhood by causing us to be capable of forming complex intentions, recognizing complex intentions in others, and imagining future actions."&nbsp; Unsophisticated intelligent design people need only say that God dropped us on the planet pre-sparked. The show actually admitted that chimps are capable of forming intentions and recognizing intentions in others (but not as well as we do).&nbsp; About the future, they don't seem to think too much but to suppose they can't think about the immediate future is absurd.&nbsp; Indeed the show proved otherwise as when it was argued that alpha males may choose to share with females based on attempting to curry favor with them.&nbsp; Back in the day when I followed research on chimp linguistic development, I formed the view that the researchers who did this work were not always the sharpest academic tacks.&nbsp; In my view, they tended to be so empathetic with their research subjects that they were willing to think things that just might not be true. In the show, the human spark seemed to be whatever "sparked" the conjoint abilities to "read other's minds and travel in time," as Alda put it.&nbsp; Let me show you a picture they showed of the areas of the brain that light up when these two abilities are activated.&nbsp; Notice that these two parts of the brain are not adjacent.&nbsp; Two questions arise in my mind: how did a single spark ignite abilities requiring two different parts of the brain to be be realized and how is it that so much of one part of the brain manage to be recruited for this realization. Perhaps I am being a bit too simplistic here but I am not at all sure that these two abilities are so different.&nbsp; If a crucial feature of humans, one shared by chimps, is our socialization then thinking about the future -- making plans for the future -- must crucially have involved making plans in connection with others.&nbsp; And making plans in connection with others would seem to require an ability to form views as to others' intentions.&nbsp; A Harvard professor did note that both abilities involve escaping one's present point of view.&nbsp; I can imagine that being able to escape one's present point of view could have been a precursor to the gradual evolving of these abilities over a very long time. Spoiler Alert -- Do not read if you haven't seen but plan to see Avatar. I was directed by a tweet to an story in the Japan Times on line saying that a small but vocal minority of people believe that Avatar is racist. First, the phrase "small but vocal" wants to be looked at. What it may mean is that there are two or three people who are extremely talkative who believe this. This article begins Near the end of the hit film "Avatar," the villain snarls at the hero, Both men are white — although the hero is inhabiting a blue-skinned, 2.75-meter-tall, long-tailed alien. "How does it feel to betray your own race?" This is funny. &nbsp;The avatar is no longer an avatar whose brain is being controlled by a white man lying in a device that facilitates this control, but is instead a Na’vi man if someone in a manufactured Na’vi body whose human brain has been transferred into this body can be said to be a Na’vi person. The&nbsp;insulter&nbsp;should have said, "How does it feel to betray your former race?" One idiot promoting this thesis says "The ethnic Na'vi," he writes, "need the White man to save them because, as a less developed race, they lack the intelligence and fortitude to overcome their adversaries by themselves." This is so inaccurate I have to believe the author did not see the movie or is incapable of seeing what is in front of his face. The Na'vi defeated the white devils thanks to Jake's knowledge of the white devil's military hardware and tactics and the intelligence and fortitude of the Na'vi and the assistance of other inhabitants of Pandora.&nbsp;Far from lacking fortitude, the Na'vi threw themselves into battle without regard for their personal safety. Jake's&nbsp;growing understanding of the Pandoran ecosystem played a critical role as well in that he (quite literally) plugged into the ecosystem seeking it to intercede on behalf of the planet. Had he not become an authentic Na'vi in spirit, that intercession would not have worked. James Cameron set himself up for this criticism by using a white actor to play Jake and a person of color to play the Na'vi princess he fell in love with. Had he simply used an African American or English speaking African our critics would be in a hell of a position. It would no longer be a white man saving the blue-colored people but a person of color saving a person of a different color, but it would still be a human rescuing the people of Avatar. So, at the worst, Cameron's mistake was he cast a White man in the role of Jake. &nbsp;Casting a white man made economic sense, I suppose, but it isn't just white people who save others in movies. &nbsp;Will Smith saved the planet in one movie and I understand that Denzel Washington saves the planet in a new&nbsp;movie&nbsp;I haven't yet seen. I am so tired of people playing the "race card" I want to vomit all over this blog. I got into the civil rights movement back in 1960 when it was a serious business because African Americans were denied most basic human rights in the South, including Texas and Oklahoma, as well as other places. The change over these 50 years has been stunning. And guess what? A lot of white people worked alongside African Americans to make the civil rights revolution happen. The lesson from that time is that when there is injustice everyone is obligated to do his or her part. That is the lesson of Pandora. The three white people who controlled the Avatars as spies all "got religion" and did what they could to help the Na'vi defeat the occupying army. &nbsp;It is a good thing when people of any color assist people of any color. &nbsp;The Haitian relief effort is a prime case. &nbsp;Is that relief effort racist because white people are helping persons of color? When I first saw a TV advertisement for the myTouch telephone, I thought instantly of the iTouch, which as I understand it, is an iPhone without the phone app (I have never held either in my hands and have only seen the former in anyone else's.)&nbsp; And having spent a few years working occasionally on the linguistic side of&nbsp; trademark law, I wondered if Apple did not have a case for trademark infringement.&nbsp; One of the tests is that the new mark evoke the notion that the product it identifies might have the same origin as the product identified by the earlier mark.&nbsp;If surveys were to demonstrate that a significant proportion of consumers share my perception, Apple would be a major step forward toward proving its case. A case for infringement would have to consider the similarity of the marks. They are, of course, very similar. We have in the case of “iTouch,” a lower case “i” followed by the word “Touch,” and in the case of “myTouch,” we have a lower case “my” followed by the same word. The letter “i” when capitalized and only when capitalized refers to the person speaking or writing something. Here, though, it is not capitalized. In the case of “my” we have a word that refers to the speaker/writer of something or, in the case, of “myTouch,” the owner/user. One thing is clear, the “i” of “iMac” or“iPod” or “iTunes” or or “iPhone” is normally not intepreted as referring to the owner/user. In fact, when the iMac was first introduced, Steve Jobs claimed (see the title link) The iMac comes from the marriage of the excitement of the internet with the simplicity of Macintosh. He went on to say that it was designed with the fact that the primary use people wanted a personal computer for was to get onto the internet. Jobs cited a set of "i"-words that he wanted to associate with the iMac, namely "internet, individual, instruct, inform, inspire." Therefore, the voice of he creator provides compelling evidence that there is no semantic connection between the “i” of “iTouch” and the “my” of “myTouch.”&nbsp; When he associates the iMac with these other "i"-words, he severs the relationship between "i" and the owner/user more completely even though one of these words is "individual."&nbsp; Note&nbsp; that this word is not equivalent in meaning to "personal."&nbsp; In fact, the iMac was and is used in environments in which many individuals use a particular machine. The fact that the lower case prefix”i” is attached to a wide range of products distributed by Apple argues for it having only the meaning “a product distributed by Apple.” Originally, this “i” primarily referred to the internet though Jobs added some other associations. But the iPod breaks this connection. Apple crated iTunes in the hope that people would buy music using iTunes and then downloading it onto their iPods. That would involve internet connectivity. However, one could use an iPod without ever connecting it to a a program that connected to the internet by simply ripping one's own or a friend's music and converting it to a format the iPod could read and downloading it directly. It is clear that there is a significant morphological similarity between “iTouch” and “myTouch” for they share a morpheme. However, the first has a prefix that refers to the internet primarily but also to other things or just signifies that the product is made by Apple, and the other has a prefix that refers to the owner/user. In addition to the morphological similarity between "iTouch" and "myTouch," thre is an enormous overlap in product function.&nbsp; In fact the only substantive difference is that the iTouch cannot be used to make calls. So, Apple would find it difficult to keep HTC and T-Moble from using the mark “myTouch.” Nevertheless, as I said, I suspect a survey of consumers aware of the&nbsp; iTouch, confronted with this new product,&nbsp; would connect “myTouch” to “iTouch” and thereby to Apple. At the very least, HTC would seem to be ripping off some of Apple's market good will. I am not a trademark lawyer but I think that is a 'no no.” This evening, I caught the tail end of a Zale's commercial exclaiming,, "The more you spend the more you save."&nbsp; Contrast that with, "A penny saved is a penny earned."&nbsp; Neither actually makes any sense except for the fact that if you do save a penny on day 1, then on day 2, it is as if you earned a penny on day 1 though of course you didn't.&nbsp; The Zale's ad is even stupider, which is troubling for it presumes (as is true for many people I fear) that people will be so seduced by the combination of the gratifying concept of spending -- don't we all love to spend? -- and the comforting concept of saving to rush to Zale's&nbsp; to buy diamonds.&nbsp; However, trust me, if you go by Ben Franklin's adage on day 1 you will have more money on day 2 than if you abide by Zale's. At the Zale's web site linked to the title of this blog, you get a bit different version of this promotional scheme, namely "the more you buy the more you save."&nbsp; Notice that these two claims are linguistically different.&nbsp; We spend money to buy things.&nbsp; However, what the web site offers is savings in proportion to how much you spend, not how many things you buy.&nbsp; According to Zale's, if you spend $250-$449, you save $25 dollars.&nbsp; Clearly the smart shopper would spend just $250 and get thereby a 10% reduction.&nbsp; If he or she were to spend $449. he or she would get a tiny bit more than 5%.&nbsp; If he or she spends $500 to $999, he or she wold get $50 back, which offers the same percentage reduction/savings. Offers scale upward from the lowest level of spending upward to a maximum of $1,000 if you spend $5,000 or more.&nbsp; Notice that spending $5,000 gets you a savings of 25%.&nbsp; Wow, what a deal!&nbsp; The problem is that if you stayed out of Zale's and did not spend $250 there on day 1, you would still have $250 on day 2, but if you spend that $250, you would be down $225.&nbsp; So, spending money at Zale's doesn't save you money unless you are determined to spend $250 and don't go to a store that gives you a better break.&nbsp; In short, while a penny saved may not be a penny earned, a penny spent is definitely neither a penny earned nor a penny saved. I am lucky.&nbsp; My wife has never demanded or even hinted she wanted diamonds or any other kind of pricey jewelry.&nbsp; I think I did once buy some pearl stud earrings in a fit of romantic fervor,&nbsp; but that would have been a long time ago.&nbsp; I suggest to men that they flee from any woman who really, really wants jewelry, other than, say, an engagement ring.&nbsp; My wife and I got married with no engagement ring and no wedding rings, but when we went to Scotland for a couple of months the next Summer, we had a craft jeweler make us matching wedding rings.&nbsp; I suppose that made us legal.&nbsp; It sure made my mother-in-law happier.&nbsp; It is possible to spend money on other, probably more sensible things. An Israeli linguist seems to think she has turned the linguistic world upside down with her new meaning for the word "most."&nbsp; A UPN article states Professor Mira Ariel of Tel Aviv University says her research "is quite shocking for the linguistics world" and proves some of her fellow linguists are wrong in their definition of the word "most." She claims that we linguists believe that "most" generally means 51 percent to 99 percent of a group of people or objects. but that in a survey she and her colleagues did, a number of persons understood "most" to mean about 80 percent to 95 percent of a group and not the much larger range of 51 percent to 99 percent. One very serious problem with her claims is that no self-respecting linguist would ever say that "most" means 51 percent to 99 percent of a group or means '80 percent to 95 percent of a group.'&nbsp; This is just now how we use the word "mean." Professor Ariel seems not to understand the distinction between "meaning" and "use".&nbsp; It very well may be that people use "most" in a proposition like "Most Ps are Q" in circumstances in which 80-95% of the relevant Ps have the property Q.&nbsp; But that is not what it means .&nbsp; That is how we use it.&nbsp; I am not sure how to characterize what it means but I am sure that that is not what it means. If I say, that most Ps are Q and it turns out that 97% of the Ps are Q is what I said false?&nbsp; Surely not. And if it turns out that 75% of the Ps are Q, is what I said false"?&nbsp; Again, surely not.&nbsp; This may not be how people generally use "most" but the meaning of "most," whatever it is, is consistent with these two claims being true and so long as that is true, then we can be sure that Professor Ariel is wrong about what "most" means. After Obama was inaugurated, he made himself excessively visible.&nbsp; Anyone in show business knows that you always leave them wanting more.&nbsp; The problem is that Obama kept himself front and center, shoiwing up on TV virtually every day.&nbsp; Before we had time to want to see him again, there he was announcing this or that new appointment, putting forth this or that new policy, or giving an interview.&nbsp; As a result, Obama fatigue has set in and that has left him very vulnerable to the lies being told by the health industry about his and the Democratic Congressional health care bill, Fox News, and whoever else feels animus toward him, including especially those who harbor ill-feeling toward African Americans. Naturally, the Antis will say they are pure of thought and that their objections to Obama are based on his actions as well as his apparent inaction.&nbsp; The Rasmussen Report s don't bear them out. Seventy-four percent (74%) of African-Americans Strongly Approve along with just 19% of white voters (see other recent demographic highlights from the tracking poll). Among all voters, just 34% now give the President good or excellent marks on his handling of the economy while 47% say he is doing a poor job in that arena. On national security issues, 42% say good or excellent while 41% say poor. Sixty-three percent (63%) of voters believe that political correctness kept the military from preventing the Fort Hood shootings .&nbsp; So, what we see is a striking division between Blacks and Whites as to how he is doing, which is a bit of a give away that racial attitudes are coloring perceptions.&nbsp; That sort of thing didn't keep him from being elected but given the continued high unemployment and many other issues, he is guarnteed not to have a second term.&nbsp; As James Carville famously said, "It's the economy, stupid." The last of these three items is especially interesting.&nbsp; It is clear that the military knew that Major Hasan was a Muslim and that he was disgruntled.&nbsp; Naturally in a country Bush poisoned with his constant drumbeat of "9/11", "9/11", "9/11", "9/11", "9/11", "9/11", "9/11", etc, and given the disposition of people to posit conspiracies wherever they see something they don't understand, right-wingers and various and sundry other nutcases are sure this was part of a terrorist plot. Conspiracy theories are the refuge of those who have agendas or are laboring in ignorance.&nbsp; I recall the theories graduate students had about admissions policies in my university department.&nbsp; Early on we used&nbsp; a Master's exam to help determine who would be admitted to the Doctoral progrm.&nbsp;&nbsp; A minority would not be admitted and the theory emerged that we had a quota, never mind that limiting the number of students we admitted actually hurt the department economically. I first encountered the theory that Major Hasan's actions were the result of a terrorist plot on the Dennis Miller show and that political correctness, the bane of right wing, was in full flower in this case.&nbsp; I was rather surprised.&nbsp; Naturally, the military is reluctant to jump to the view that Hasan was acting out of an anti-American or anti-military political stance.&nbsp; That would be beyond stupid, bordering on being imbecilic. Not so, the right wing in America tells us.&nbsp; At Right Pundits we find Why are we able to so easily label Malik Nadal Hasan a terrorist? The fact speaks for itself. He is just as much a domestic terrorist as Timothy McVeigh was labeled so for his heinous act in Oklahoma City. And while McVeigh perpetuated his act from afar in silence, Malik Nadal Hasan shouted anti-American political views at his victims as he mowed them down with automatic weapons. &nbsp;The first thing I learned about Major Hasan is that he really, really, really didn't want to go to Iraq.&nbsp; The military is not disposed to worry overmuch about where soldiers do and do not want to be posted, but they probably should in some cases.&nbsp; This would have been one. The title of this article is "Malik Nadal Hasan: Muslim Terrorist Challenges Obama’s Timidity."&nbsp; I suppose this could be more misleading but I don't know how.&nbsp; I seriously doubt that Obama told the military how it should go about its investigation or how it should present the facts to the public.&nbsp; Nevertheless, Obama is vulnerable to any attack on anything American by any Muslim.&nbsp; Its a right wing freebie. Obama neeeds to do the following by next year at this time. 1. Get the health care bill in place. 2.&nbsp; Somehow get unemployment to turn around.&nbsp; I can think of some ways -- how about using unemployment benefits as subsidies to businesses who hire the uneployed for a year, say. 3.&nbsp; Get the hell out of Iraq. 4.&nbsp; Render Al Queda and the Talliban totally impotent. If he does 1 and 2, it is possible that he will get a second term.&nbsp; If he does 1-3, he will get one.&nbsp; If he gets all four he will be elected President for Life. Many years ago (1967 or so), I bought a wonderful Yamaha 250 cc motorcycle, the manual for which had this instruction for shifting gears: Tachometer tells the moment to do. Unfortunately, the RPMs given for gear shiftng kept this very fast motorcycle operating a little slower than a motor scooter. One evening, I told a friend who had ridden behind the original owner that the instructions couldn't be right and he offered to ride behind me and tell me when to shift. He did not look at the tachometer. He used his ears. I suppose the manual could have said. Ears tell the moment to do. Once I got the pitch right, I was golden. I suspect that some junior executive at Yahama persuaded his bosses that his English was excellent and he could ably translate the manual. On balance he didn't do badly. Today, I happend across a web site while hunting for information as to what might be down the line for Blackberry phones given the buzz surrounding the iPhone and the new Androd phones. I came across this paragraph. The Blackberry mobile phones are looking professionals and stylish mobile phone with can peoples are attract to this phone. Blackberry is the smart phones which is the most popular in the world with its charming features. It offers accessibility to an extensive variety of applications many wireless instruments across the world. It provides accessibility to an extensive variety of applications on several wireless instruments across the globe. by data and other services. This piece of prose shocked me even more than that Yamaha manual. This articale comes from Weblineindia, a link to which is associated with the blog title. That's what's shocking. If I have prejudices in regard to India, they are (1) Indians are very smart and very well-educated; (2) Many if not most Indians know English either natively or fluently; and (3) India has a bunch of great cuisines. I clicked on the link and the first paragraph that popped up was this one: Now a day ecommerce is a very popular among the internet users, so what is Ecommerce? People are habituated to sell and purchase their products or any types of items on the internet, its called ecommerce, and to online sell products you need ecommerce web... So, it only gets worse. It is possible that these articles were written in some regional Indian language and run through some bad translating program. More likely, we are dealing with people who have big brains (see prejudice 1 above) but smal English language centers (see apparently false prejudice 2). These articles are represented as "free content for your website or blog," which further confirms the axiom that you get what you pay for. I know that what I am writing is rather snobish, possibly even mean-spirited, for I would seem to be making fun of people who are, after all, doing their best. To that, I say, "bullshit." If I planned to publish something in German or Spanish I sure as hell wouldn't translate it myself. Surely, if you are actually trying to inform people, to say nothing of sell things to them, you will want to do better than this: The Blackberry Solution is used to access mobile email and personal information. Also other of the self applications are also used. But the development Blackberr software for the solution of Blackberry. Also Blackberry application, for assistance if issues arise. This reads as if they are offering some sort of spyware ("access personal information"). If that isn't true, then they are very engaging in linguistic self-abuse. 
 Ted Leo & The Pharmacists cover Tears for Fears' Everybody Wants to Rule the World on The Onion AV Club's new series A.V. Underground . Leo & Co.'s new album, The Brutalist Bricks , is out now via Matador ! Previous... MP3 : Ted Leo & The Pharmacists - The Mighty Sparrow MP3 : Ted Leo & The Pharmacists - Even Heroes Have To Die -------------------------------------------------------- Official Site | MySpace | More MP3s | eMusic | Subscribe To RSS Feed | Follow MOKB on Twitter Andy Cabic is the poetic force behind Vetiver , a band named after a fragrant grass that smells the way his music sounds: sweet, bright, and earthy. " I didn’t do that on purpose, I just like the smell of Vetiver ," Cabic said. He was sitting on a front porch before a recent show at Covington, Kentucky’s Southgate House. Cabic is a soothing presence blessed with a deep plume of energy inside of him, and it's obvious he's not the kind of musician who sees a lot of late nights on tour with too much drink. On this particular evening, he had the tranquility of a man reading a book in the sun on the first warm day of spring. When I told him I’d had a rough weekend he said, " I’m sorry, why? " in a tone implying maybe my grandma had died, or I’d had a bad breakup. A little embarrassed, I explained it wasn’t so bad. I was only trying to make the point that his music would be perfect right now – a restorative and upbeat experience like having a cup of black tea while working through a book of brain teasers, or an ice-cold Arnie Palmer on a hot and sticky day. He said people often describe grounding experiences they’ve had with his music, like the couple from Atlanta who drove to Florida and back with a van full of screaming kids. Tight Knit never left the stereo, and was the only thing that held their sanity together. But Cabic usually doesn’t agree with what is written about his music. " The way that Vetiver has been described - I don’t feel like anyone's ever really done it correctly ," he said. " A lot of times people use the same archetypes or other artists that would have been mentioned once in a one-sheet or something ." It's not that it's negative, he says, but is composed of tired comparisons that seem to be cobbled together in a hurry. "I mean, there’s some shred of kinship there sonically, but to say I sound like George Harrison does a disservice to George Harrison,” he said. " I don’t do any of the number of things that people think of when they think of George Harrison. I don’t sing spiritual lyrics, um, I wasn’t a Beatle ." And when the write-ups aren't about sonic comparison, they're usually some form of genre-chicanery. " And so my music was commonly referred to as the least-freaky-of-the-freak-folk-people ," he said. " I always thought what I was doing was accessible and poppy ." Vetiver : 3.7.10, Southgate House, Newport, KY : courtesy of CincyGroove.com ... Indeed Cabic is not a freak, and he says he doesn't make folk music – at least not on his last album. He is a guy with a work ethic using his gifts. At core of Vetiver are his voice and the songs he's so carefully gestated. Sometimes he spends a year tightening the arrangements around the track's " pop sensibility ," he said. The tightly woven tracks make for a seamless performance that can feel orchestral if he's playing with a cellist, or downright raucous if he decides to go heavy on electric guitar. Later that evening, at his Southgate House performance, about ninety audience members (in a room that fits hundreds) barely budged except for some heavy toe tapping and head nodding during Vetiver's one, long set. As he played his songs, Cabic’s mouth, shoulders and eyebrows shrank and expanded in unison like he was a conduit for some larger force, like he was expelling a grizzly bear’s soul from his somewhat slight frame. Vetiver : 3.7.10, Southgate House, Newport, KY : courtesy of CincyGroove.com ... His backing band surrounded him with energy and each song had an apex. The sum total was like a well-written story with no errant sentences: each song like a paragraph that drew me in, delivered energy, and then set me down right at the moment I was about to cave in to my urge to get up and dance. It didn’t take any prodding for the relatively small but captive audience to make enough noise to invite them back on stage for a three-song encore, during which at least a few people could be seen awkwardly trying to tug their friends out onto the empty dance floor. MP3 : Vetiver - Strictly Rule MP3 : Vetiver - Everyday -------------------------------------------------------- Official Site | MySpace | More MP3s | eMusic | Subscribe To RSS Feed | Follow MOKB on Twitter So if you haven't heard, The National are set to drop there new LP, High Violet , on May 11th through 4AD . If any concerns of a dropoff, after their two previous LPs, Alligator and The Boxer exist, their recent performance of Terrible Love on Jimmy Fallon should put them to rest... High Violet tracklisting... 1. Terrible Love 2. Sorrow 3. Anyone’s Ghost 4. Little Faith 5. Afraid of Everyone 6. Bloodbuzz Ohio 7. Lemonworld 8. Runaway 9. Conversation 16 10. England 11. Vanderlyle Crybaby Geeks -------------------------------------------------------- Official Site | MySpace | More MP3s | eMusic | Subscribe To RSS Feed | Follow MOKB on Twitter Tune in today for My Old Kentucky Blog Radio on SIRIUS XMU ! Channel 26 on SIRIUS &amp; channel 43 on XM. The program starts at 12pm ET, last two hours, and is replayed again at Midnight ET! Cults - Go Outside Ariel Pink’s Haunted Graffiti - Round And Round Harlem - Gay Human Bones HEALTH - In Heat (Javelin Remix) Phantogram - When I'm Small Oh No Ono - Eleanor Speaks (Caribou remix) Tape Deck Bros - Science Fiction The Morning Benders - Excuses Cults - The Curse MGMT - Flash Delirium Phoenix - Fences (Mike B. vs. OhBeOne Bmore Deconstruction) Woodhands - Dissembler Uffie - MCs Can Kiss Neon Indian - Sleep Paralysist Major Lazer - Keep It Goin' Louder (feat. Wale, Nina Sky and Ricky Blaze) Rainbow Arabia - Kabukimono (Pictureplane Negative Slave Remix) The Drums - Let's Go Surfing Suckers - Boys Who Rape (Raveonettes cover) Nite Jewel - Want You Back (Phaseone Remix) Small Black - Kings of Animals The Sandwitches - Back To The Sea The Magic Kids - Hey Boy White Denim - I Start To Run Japandroids - Darkness on the Edge of Gastown Here We Go Magic - Collector Thunderhawk - Capricorn Wye Oak - I Hope You Die Woods - I Was Gone Via Tania - Fields (Lemonade Remix) CFCF - Big Love (Mathemagic Remix) Cloud Nothings - Hey Cool Kid (Memoryhouse Remix) -------------------------------------------------------- MOKB Presents | MySpace | More MP3s | eMusic | Subscribe To RSS Feed | Follow MOKB on Twitter It seems like ages ago that a couple of our bordering blog buddies turned us on to Idiot Glee , the Lexington, KY-based synth-project from James Friley. We've been enthusiastically following Friley since and even welcomed him to Indianapolis a short while ago for an MOKB Presents showcase with Butler Scion. Today, through digital French label, Beko , Idiot Glee released the free digital single Happy Day and b-side Forever Kids ... MP3 : Idiot Glee - Happy Day MP3 : Idiot Glee - Forever Kids Download : Idiot Glee - Happy Day/Forever Kids (.Rar) Previous... MP3 : Idiot Glee - All Packed Up -------------------------------------------------------- MySpace | More MP3s | eMusic | Subscribe To RSS Feed | Follow MOKB on Twitter The new album from Holy Fuck , entitled Latin , will be released on May 11th. MP3 : Holy Fuck - Latin America Holy Fuck will perform this Friday, during SXSW, at Peckerheads on 6th as part of MOKB's Pumps & A Bump Party ! ( Free day party 12pm - 7:30pm ) RSVP HERE! (poster by Shelby Kelley ) -------------------------------------------------------- RSVP | More MP3s | eMusic | Subscribe To RSS Feed | Follow MOKB on Twitter Late last year, Ariel Pink’s Haunted Graffiti signed with 4AD and it was reported that the project would release their next full-length at a TBD date this Spring. It looks like Spring will likely become Summer, but we will have a limited Round and Round 7" single out this coming April 26th. MP3 : Ariel Pink’s Haunted Graffiti - Round And Round Make sure you check out the MOKB photo shoot with/interview of Ariel Pink’s Haunted Graffiti . -------------------------------------------------------- Official Site | MySpace | More MP3s | eMusic | Subscribe To RSS Feed | Follow MOKB on Twitter Muncie, Indiana-based band, Thunderhawk derive their sound from each and every corner of the 90's rock'n'roll, pop, and alt-country universes. The band local-released their latest album this past week in Indianapolis. The album, entitled VI , is apparently a compilation of lead singer Josh Hall's last few projects, so as you can imagine, it is a wildly inconsistent and disjointed as a release. Still, there are a couple whiskey-bar-band-ragers (this is where this band is at their best) that shouldn't be missed. VI will be available, nationally, on March 23rd through Standard Recording Company . You can try it before you buy it...Stream VI over at Musical Family Tree . You can also check out a lo-fi video of Capricorn , live from their CD Release party this past week. Thunderhawk will perform at SXSW this week at the Standard Recording Company parties . MP3 : Thunderhawk - Capricorn MP3 : Thunderhawk - King Basement -------------------------------------------------------- Official Site | MySpace | More MP3s | eMusic | Subscribe To RSS Feed | Follow MOKB on Twitter 
 I've got another book coming out from Quirk Books today; " The Sherlock Holmes Handbook: The Methods and Mysteries of the World's Greatest Detective," by Ransom Riggs . The book is full of interior illustrations and it's a fun read for any fan of Arthur Conan Doyle's most loved character. Originally I was given the task of creating a look similar to the original Sidney Paget illustrations that appeared with the published stories, but it was too daunting a task to handle. Thankfully they were happy with the look I was able to provide, and I think they conveyed the right atmosphere for this kind of subject matter. This project required a lot of versatility in that I had to illustrate a variety of scenarios as well as objects and animals. It was a fun challenge and I love the design of the book, done by Doogie Horner over at Quirk; it looks and feels like an old hardcover novel from the 19th century. Here are some samples: Sherlock experiencing a bit of malaise. Sherlock Holmes exhibiting his skills in Bartistu. A cane is not necessarily a sign of a handicap. Move over Errol Flynn. Shedding a clever disguise. The Hound of The Baskervilles. The Victorian Opium Den as described in Holmes' world. The Baker Street Irregulars. The avid beekeeper. An accomplished violinist. The demise of Professor Moriarty. The good folks at Quirk books are coming up with another monster mash-Up book this September; Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters. It was a dream project to work on all the interior illustrations. The beautiful cover art was created by Lars Leetaru. This was a very rewarding project due to the fact that I was able to illustrate such a wide variety of cool miscellany: sea monsters, underwater sea bases, giant pirates, gynormous lobsters, and intricate underwater diving suits! It was pretty much the reason I became an illustrator! Thankfully I can show two illustrations from the book, which comes out September 15. Many praises must be given to Doogie Horner and Jason Rekulak for having faith in me to get the work done. They gave me good direction and were enthusiastic about the artwork I showed them throughout the months it took to complete the title. Click on the title link above to reserve your copy at Amazon! As some of you know, I haven't been the most ardent keeper of my blog. There's a number of explanations (excuses) I could pilfer from to explain my abscence-the biggest being my involvement in some book illustration projects i've been entreched in for the past year. A couple of them I can share with you, some I can't... Last year I was approached by Quirk Books with an offer to illustrate a new addition to their Secret Lives series, The Secret Lives of the Supreme Court . It was easily the most extensive project I've ever been involved in; 35 two color illustrations + cover art. With some luck, and some patience from my enduring wife, I was able to meet the deadlines and come out of it all unscathed. Here's a sample of some of my favorites from the series: Antony Scalia Clarence Thomas Frank Murphy Harold Blackmun John Roberts Louis Brandeis Sandra Day O'connor Thurgood Marshall William Howard Taft William Rehnquist William Brennan The process was pen and ink colored in Photoshop. Looking at the work now I have mixed feelings about it. I'm proud of some of the illustrations, and embarrassed by some of the others. All in all that's not a bad thing...it's good in some ways to feel a little unsatisfied, only because it can push you to get better in the long run. Many thanks to Doogie Horner at Quirk Books, for guiding me through the whole process and pushing me creatively, as well as campaigning on my behalf for the project. And also many thanks to my wife Mary, who put up with my long nights and my fuzzy sleep deprived brain for so many months. Next up; a peak at the cool Sherlock Holmes project I had the great fortune of working on! Here's a sketch for a personal illustration project. I'm working on updating my portfolio and decided to take on some projects that would get my butt in gear. The concept for this illustration was kids who suffer from the heavy expectations of the adults in their lives. Next up: finished inks. A rough sketch for a new illustration. I'll post the various stages of development as I complete them. I've been lying really low for the past couple of months after having completed a large illustration assignment for a book that's coming out in May of this year. I'll post details about that project soon. Now it's time for me to crack the whip and get productive-It's so easy to fall into the trap of doing nothing... Howdy folks! Where the "F" have I been you ask? Well, pretty much in my studio, holed away working on a book illustration project which I can't divulge any details about yet. But I do have a funny tale to tell y'all about. A few days ago I got an email from a fellow out in North Carolina who had a funny story to tell about an old drawing I did some years ago. Here's the skinny; Hello Eugene. I work for a major corporation and my job is in R&amp;D printing t-shirts. Every now and then, I get time to do some for myself and my friends. Well, a few weeks ago I decided to google some Tweedy pictures because one of my good friends bachelor party was coming up and we love Wilco. Anyway, I get to like page 30 on google images and there is your artwork. It's perfect for a t-shirt, so I edited it and increased the resolution for printing(about 300 dpi). I put it on a shirt and give it to him and I thought that was the end of it. Well, weekend before last my friends were going to see Wilco in Charleston SC (we live in NC) and I couldn't go but my friend went and wore your shirt. He worked his way to the front(like he always does-that idiot) and believe it or not, he could tell Tweedy kept looking at him. Then after a song, Tweedy stops the show and says "that is the most disgusting shirt I have ever seen. That doesn't even look like me". Kind of joking of course. Then he plays another song and after that one he still can't let it go. So he starts talking about it some more "I look like the Geico caveman, and my nose is bigger than that". After another song, he can't take it anymore so he helps my buddy onstage and asks the crowd what they think, smiling the whole time. He even tells my buddy to hold out the tshirt and then he puts his face beside it and asks the crowd. Anyway, he had a huge smile on his face the whole time. My buddy ends up stopping the show for 5 minutes because of your artwork and he gives Tweedy a hug and shakes Nels Cline's hand as well. It made my buddy's life. Here is an excerpt from a local newspaper about it: During the show, Tweedy noticed a fan in the front row wearing a shirt with an image of the singer he found unflattering. 'I look like the Geico caveman,' exclaimed Tweedy, who proceeded to bring the fan onstage to model the image for the rest of the house . Charleston News Story For some context, here's the image Time to get some new promotional materials out there! I decided to create an image solely for the purpose of using it on a postcard. Plus I needed a project to get me back on track with my work. I'm using a large format card for this design so I don't lose too much detail. Here I go with yet another take on the Joker-figured it's a good start to the new moleskine... 
 Kissinger warns of possible "war of civilizations" - Yahoo! News : WASHINGTON (AFP) - Former US secretary of state Henry Kissinger warned that Europe and the United States must unite to head off a "war of civilizations" arising from a nuclear-armed Middle East. In an opinion column in the Washington Post, the renowned foreign policy expert said the potential for a "global catastrophe" dwarfed lingering transatlantic mistrust left over from the Iraq war. "A common Atlantic policy backed by moderate Arab states must become a top priority, no matter how pessimistic previous experience with such projects leaves one," Kissinger wrote. "The debate sparked by the Iraq war over American rashness vs. European escapism is dwarfed by what the world now faces. "Both sides of the Atlantic should put their best minds together on how to deal with the common danger of a wider war merging into a war of civilizations against the background of a nuclear-armed Middle East." Kissinger wrote that the big threat lay in the erosion of nation states and the emergence of transnational groups. Iran was at the centre of the challenge, he said, with its support for Hezbollah, radical Shiite groups in Iraq and its nuclear program. Washington must accept that many European nations were more optimistic about talks designed to convince Iran to halt uranium enrichment -- a process Tehran denies is aimed at making weapons, he wrote. Lining up to enrich uranium - Editorials &amp; Commentary - International Herald Tribune : Never underestimate the potential for erratic policy when economic and political interests collide, even when the policy involves preventing the spread of nuclear weapons. This happened last month when, in rapid succession, Argentina, Australia and South Africa joined a growing list of countries interested in enriching uranium for commercial purposes. That is the same activity that Iran claims as its inalienable right, and that the United States, the European Union, Russia and China insist must be halted in the interest of nonproliferation. Is it fair or feasible to allow some countries to enrich uranium while attempting to prevent others from doing it? The answer is not simple. It turns on a number of technical, economic and political considerations. The technical dimension is most straightforward. It pertains to the dual purpose of uranium enrichment: to produce fuel for civilian reactors and explosive material for nuclear weapons. It is not surprising, therefore, that most of the countries that have an active or latent uranium-enrichment industry also possess, once made, or tried to acquire nuclear weapons. Today, most of the arguments in support of new enrichment capacity are couched in economic terms, generally linked to the buzz about major global expansion in nuclear energy. Argentina, Australia, Brazil and South Africa, for example, portray their renewed interest in terms of projected domestic consumption and new export opportunities. In fact, current global enrichment capacity exceeds demand. The projected boom in nuclear-energy development in most countries has yet to be matched by major new orders, and the ability of newcomers to supplant the entrenched suppliers is problematic. Moreover, the financial costs of reviving antiquated and previously uneconomical enrichment facilities in Argentina and South Africa are likely to be enormous. So other factors are at play. Almost all the new and prospective entrants in the enrichment business appear anxious to establish their credentials as having existing technology in place. Driving this process, in part, is the perception that all countries will soon be divided into uranium enrichment "haves" (suppliers) and "have-nots" (customers) under various proposals to establish multinational nuclear fuel centers and fuel-supply arrangements. These proposals include President George W. Bush's call two years ago for the Nuclear Suppliers Group to refuse to sell enrichment technology to any state that did not already possess a full-scale, functioning enrichment plant, and the idea promoted about the same time by the director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Mohamed ElBaradei, for a five-year moratorium on new enrichment plants in order to buy time for developing more equitable means to ensure fuel supplies while stemming proliferation. More recently, the United States and Russia have proposed that a small set of countries would serve as enrichment providers while all others would forego such technology. But the basis for becoming an approved enricher remains unclear. While the United States opposes allowing Iran to enrich uranium, Dennis Spurgeon, the U.S. Assistant Secretary for Nuclear Energy, recently said that "special rules" apply to Australia and Canada because they "have the majority of economically recoverable uranium resources." These rules appears founded more on political grounds that distinguish between allies and adversaries. Such a policy of exceptionalism is at odds with the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty. It is also a recipe for failure, as the history of U.S.-Iranian nuclear cooperation in the 1970s should make clear, since today's friend could become tomorrow's foe. There is no foolproof means of promoting peaceful nuclear energy while preventing the spread of nuclear weapons. Perhaps the best way of resolving the conundrum is to provide inducements to all states that voluntarily forsake uranium enrichment. These inducements should include guaranteed access to nuclear fuel for all states in good standing with the nonproliferation treaty - an approach that will be explored this month at a special IAEA conference in Vienna on "Assurances of Fuel Supply and Nonproliferation." To be effective, these assurances will have to be nondiscriminatory and consistent with the nonproliferation treaty. Such an approach will not guarantee an end to abuse of sensitive nuclear technology, but it should reduce the number of states joining the uranium enrichment queue. Charles D. Ferguson is a fellow for science and technology at the Council on Foreign Relations. William C. Potter is director of the Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Monterey Institute of International Studies. They are the principal authors of "The Four Faces of Nuclear Terrorism." Never underestimate the potential for erratic policy when economic and political interests collide, even when the policy involves preventing the spread of nuclear weapons. This happened last month when, in rapid succession, Argentina, Australia and South Africa joined a growing list of countries interested in enriching uranium for commercial purposes. That is the same activity that Iran claims as its inalienable right, and that the United States, the European Union, Russia and China insist must be halted in the interest of nonproliferation. Is it fair or feasible to allow some countries to enrich uranium while attempting to prevent others from doing it? The answer is not simple. It turns on a number of technical, economic and political considerations. The technical dimension is most straightforward. It pertains to the dual purpose of uranium enrichment: to produce fuel for civilian reactors and explosive material for nuclear weapons. It is not surprising, therefore, that most of the countries that have an active or latent uranium-enrichment industry also possess, once made, or tried to acquire nuclear weapons. Today, most of the arguments in support of new enrichment capacity are couched in economic terms, generally linked to the buzz about major global expansion in nuclear energy. Argentina, Australia, Brazil and South Africa, for example, portray their renewed interest in terms of projected domestic consumption and new export opportunities. In fact, current global enrichment capacity exceeds demand. The projected boom in nuclear-energy development in most countries has yet to be matched by major new orders, and the ability of newcomers to supplant the entrenched suppliers is problematic. Iran Proposes Negotiations on Nuclear Stand-Off - washingtonpost.com : PARIS, Sept. 12 -- Iran has proposed extensive negotiations with Western powers to resolve the stand-off over its nuclear program, but it is threatening to cut off talks and other cooperation if the case against it proceeds in the U.N. Security Council, as advocated by the United States. In a detailed and sometimes rambling response given to Western powers three weeks ago in reply to a set of proposals made by them last June, Iran stops short of rejecting demands to halt its nuclear enrichment program, saying the issue can be resolved in negotiations. The response was made public on a Web site Tuesday. HIR | Understanding the US position (Israel v. Lebanon - 2006) : As shown in this series, Hezbollah is not a ‘militia,’ as much of the media would have you believe: it is an antisemitic terrorist army of extermination.[1] A year ago exactly, the Philadelphia Inquirer explained the tremendous symbolic importance that Hezbollah has for the terrorist enemies of Israel: “Hezbollah now controls the south [of Lebanon]. It is viewed throughout the region as the one armed Arab group that has defeated Israel by suicide bombers and guns [because Hezbollah claims that Israel withdrew from Lebanon in 2000 chased out by Hezbollah’s terrorism].”[2] Consistent with this, the same article explained that “the United States labels Hezbollah a terrorist organization.” This -- in combination with the oft-repeated US claim to love and support Israel -- leads some to conclude that the United States ruling elite must be opposed to Hezbollah. However, government officials routinely conceal the truth with public statements -- we all know this. Therefore, the public statements of government officials are not a reliable guide for the social scientist. Happily, the social scientist can examine the foreign policy behaviors of states, and in these behaviors the ruling elites that control state policy reveal their true values and goals. To understand the US ruling elite’s real attitudes toward both Israel and Hezbollah, then, let us first take a look at how US officials have reacted to the conflict between Israel and Hezbollah in the past, and then at how they are reacting this time. The history ___________ A decade ago exactly, in 1996, Hezbollah escalated dramatically its rocket attacks against Israeli civilians. When Israel retaliated, there were casualties, including civilians at a UN base in Qana, in southern Lebanon. Consistent with the general anti-Israeli thrust of the media, Israel rather than Hezbollah was blamed for this, even though 1) it was Hezbollah that attacked first; 2) it is Hezbollah that as a matter of principle targets civilians when it attacks; and 3) Hezbollah had fired its rockets against Israeli civilians from “a position close to the UN post, thus drawing the errant Israeli artillery fire” to the UN base.[3] An ally of Israel would have blamed the terrorists who endanger both the civilians they attack and the civilians they hide among. Instead, the US used the worldwide diplomatic attack on Israel in order to produce a state of affairs that defies belief: “For 10 days, Warren Christopher, then the secretary of state, bounced between Damascus, Beirut and Jerusalem until he finally was able to get the 1996 cease-fire arrangement that restricted Israel and Hezbollah to fighting each other without terrorizing civilian populations.”[4] In other words, a decade ago, the United States went out of its way 1) to restrain Israel from crossing over and destroying Hezbollah; and 2) to guarantee Hezbollah’s ability to attack Israel, even though Hezbollah’s ideology, as HIR has shown, is simply to destroy the Jewish state through genocide![5] HIR | Why Jewish patriots should thank Hezbollah (Israel v. Lebanon - 2006) : Dear Readers, I have seen much pessimism from Jewish patriots in the wake of the ‘cease-fire’ that the United States and the United Nations have sought to impose in order to protect Hezbollah, and which Israel’s leaders have accepted. Many have characterized the result as one where Israel lost the war, and they have lamented what they perceive as the damage to the earlier perception that Israel was invincible, with negative consequences to the deterrence of Israel’s enemies. My own view is less pessimistic. It is certainly true that Ehud Olmert lost the war by agreeing to a ‘cease-fire’ that, like previous US and UN-brokered cease-fires in southern Lebanon, will protect the antisemitic terrorists and allow them to re-arm. But in my view Ehud Olmert was going to lose whatever war he was called upon to wage. I don't think he is a patriot. So the question for Jewish patriots is this: Which war would you rather have Ehud Olmert lose? Remember that Ehud Olmert was rushing to cleanse the Jews out of the West Bank -- like his mentor, Ariel Sharon, had done with the Jews who lived in Gaza -- in order to turn this territory over completely to the terrorists. For those paying attention to geopolitical realities, as opposed to the pro-Oslo propaganda statements of US and Israeli officials, the probable outcome of Ehud Olmert’s policies was not difficult to foresee. Relatively low-level but constant Hezbollah attacks from the north, and PLO/Hamas attacks from Gaza in the south, would have made the relocation of the evacuated West Bank Jews to the north and south of Israel impractical, particularly given that a stream of Jews native to those areas would be fleeing the Hamas/Hezbollah attacks towards the relative safety of the Tel-Aviv-Yafo area (as indeed many have now fled). Tel-Aviv-Yafo already contains about half of all Israeli Jews, and as a result of Olmert’s ‘convergence’ and the terrorist attacks from north and south the Israeli Jews would have been further concentrated there. Now, the West Bank and Gaza, according to a 1967 Pentagon study done immediately after the Six Day War, are strategic territories that, if relinquished, will guarantee the destruction of Israel.[1] This Pentagon study was not carried out for Israel’s benefit and Israel was not informed of its conclusions. It was kept secret and made public only many years later because somebody filed suit to have it released under the Freedom of Information Act. That the US ruling elite did not share with the Israelis its view of the vulnerability of the Jewish state, but instead pressured Israel to participate in the Oslo process that has for purpose to hand over precisely these indispensable territories to the antisemitic terrorists, is consistent with the entire history of US foreign policy towards the Jewish people and state, which has been a constant sponsoring of Israel’s enemies and sabotaging of Israeli self-defense.[2] USATODAY.com - Iran to continue pursuing nuclear technology, supreme leader says : "TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran's supreme leader (Emperor Darth Sidious) Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Monday that Tehran will continue to pursue nuclear technology, despite a U.N. Security Council deadline to suspend uranium enrichment by the end of the month or face the threat of economic and diplomatic sanctions. 'The Islamic Republic of Iran has made its own decision and in the nuclear case, God willing, with patience and power, will continue its path,' Khamenei was quoted as saying by state television. He accused the United States of putting pressure on Iran despite Tehran's assertions that its nuclear program was peaceful. 'Arrogant powers and the U.S. are putting their utmost pressure on Iran while knowing Iran is not pursuing nuclear weapons,' he said. Khamenei's declaration came on the eve of Iran's self-imposed Aug. 22 deadline to respond to a Western incentives package for it to roll back its nuclear program." Turkey halts Lebanon-bound aircraft from Iran, Syria - Haaretz - Israel News : "Turkish authorities have prevented five Iranian airplanes and a Syrian aircraft from flying into Lebanon, suspecting them of transporting arms to Hezbollah, Haaretz learned on Monday. The Turkish Hurriyet newspaper reported on Monday that one of the aircraft that Turkish authorities forced to land at the Diyarbakir airport in eastern Turkey belongs to a private Iranian airline. According to Hurriyet and other reports in Turkish media, the aircraft was not allowed leave Diyarbakir for Lebanon, after American intelligence reports indicated the plane carried three missile launchers and containers with Chinese C-802 land-to-sea missiles, identical to the missile that hit an Israel Navy battleship in July. The detained aircraft entered Turkish airspace after having been prevented from flying over Iraq. Turkish authorities would not elaborate on whether these actions are part of a new policy. But analysts believe that Ankara has acquiesced to American and Israeli requests to impose stricter surveillance on the passage of Iranian aircraft and their cargo. Syria's status in relation to the new surveillance procedures is still unclear." Olmert rules out peace talks with Syria : "KIRYAT SHEMONA, Israel -- Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on Monday ruled out a resumption of negotiations with Syria at this time, saying Damascus must first end its support for militant groups. Olmert spoke just hours after a minister in his Cabinet urged a resumption of negotiations and said Israel should give back the Golan Heights in exchange for peace with Syria. Israel accuses Syria and Iran of arming and supporting Lebanese Hezbollah guerrillas who fired nearly 4,000 rockets at Israel in the 34-day war that ended last week. However, during the war, Israel went to great lengths to keep Syria out of the conflict, apparently to avoid opening another front or closing future peace options. After the war, Syrian President Bashar Assad signaled he is moving closer to Iran. He delivered a hardline speech in praise of Hezbollah and warned that future Arab generations might succeed with force where peace talks have failed so far - a reference to the Golan Heights, the plateau Israel captured in the 1967 Mideast War." By refusing to enter peace negotiations Olmert sends a distinct message to Syria...He's for war!! 
"Thx to Rick Klau smart bloke, ex feedburner who I spoke to in 2005 about bringing Feedburner to Australia, who now post acquisition, runs Blogger. Small world eh ?Rick's lost me from blogspot to wordpress, but I'm now using feedburner, and the wheels they are a turning....
good2c the griffmiester has already hit up the new apple store at chadstone. heard about it on my radio this morning, tauntin me they had lots of ipod touches in stock, literally. it's not much for melbourne but it's a start. techgeek.com.au also has a gr8 gallery of the store, free apple tshirt + itouch he just posted a review on : ""The Touch remains a tremendous and innovative device, with enticing features, unparalleled ease of use, and plenty of expandability through the App Store."", and jealously a itouch and tshirt:( :P Techgeek.com.au on Chadstone store : ""The first 1,000 people (which included me) got a free t-shirt, and I managed to snag a iPod Touch while I was there - with me giving my input soon. The store still looks like what you expect from Apple, and this store has the Genius bar, meaning that you can always ask them for support."""
 " In the third season of Breaking Bad, Walt — an unrepentant "everyman" who has embraced his kingpin alter ego "Heisenberg" — continues to battle dueling identities: a desperate husband and father trying to provide for his family, and a newly appointed key player in the Albuquerque drug trade. As the danger around him escalates, Walt is now entrenched in the complex worlds of an angst-ridden family on the verge of dissolution, and the ruthless and unrelenting drug cartel. Beautifully shot against the desert landscapes of Albuquerque, NM, Breaking Bad Season 3 stars Emmy® winner Bryan Cranston, Emmy® nominee Aaron Paul (Big Love), Anna Gunn (Deadwood), Dean Norris (Little Miss Sunshine), Betsy Brandt (CSI), RJ Mitte (Hannah Montana, Weeds), Bob Odenkirk (Mr. Show with Bob and David), Giancarlo Esposito (Gospel Hill), and Jonathan Banks (Wiseguy). " -- iTunes Store Download for Free! Episode Summary A sneak peek of breaking bad's third season. the fine print : Downloads posted on the Free iTunes Downloads blog are usually free for ~1 week. After that, you'll have to pay for them. " From the super-stoic Vulcan Lt. Saavik in Star Trek II, to the super-sexy and neurotic barkeeper Rebecca Howe on Cheers, to her real-life role as an overweight and aging actress trying to revive her Hollywood career, Kirstie Alley has been through it all. With unprecedented access into Kirstie’s world, A&amp;E follows the triumphs and tribulations of the actress, author, inventor, and mother as she navigates constant media scrutiny, an ongoing battle with weight loss, single parenthood, the reinvention of her career, and a return to the dating scene. From the hustle and bustle of Los Angeles to the peaceful seclusion of her home in Wichita, Kansas, Kirstie Alley’s Big Life provides an unabashed look into Kirstie’s world as the five-foot-eight firecracker sets out to lose 90 pounds — all while producing a feature film, patenting multiple inventions, launching a weight-loss program, and raising her two teenage children: Lillie, who dreams of becoming a designer, and True, an aspiring musician. With the help of her family and friends, including a sassy live-in assistant, a recruited chubby-buddy, and a host of fellow celebrities, Kirstie is ready to reclaim her life. Will she get the last laugh? Kirstie Alley’s Big Life premieres on A&amp;E on March 21 at 10/9C. Check out a sneak peek now, and click “buy season” to receive a discount on every episode of this hilarious series! " -- iTunes Store Download for Free! Episode Summary From the super-stoic Vulcan Lt. Saavik in Star Trek II, to the super-sexy and neurotic barkeeper Rebecca Howe on Cheers, to her real-life role as an overweight and aging actress trying to revive her Hollywood career, Kirstie Alley has been through it all. With unprecedented access into Kirstie's world, A&amp;E follows the triumphs and tribulations of the actress, author, inventor, and mother as she navigates constant media scrutiny, an ongoing battle with weight loss, single parenthood, the reinvention of her career and a return to the dating scene. From the hustle and bustle of Los Angeles to the peaceful seclusion of her home in Wichita, Kansas, Kirstie Alley's Big Life provides an unabashed look into Kirstie's world as the five-foot-eight firecracker sets out to lose 90 pounds - all while producing a feature film, patenting multiple inventions, launching a weight-loss program and raising her two teenage children: Lillie, who dreams of becoming a designer, and True, an aspiring musician. With the help of her family and friends, including a sassy live-in assistant, a recruited chubby-buddy, and a host of fellow celebrities, Kirstie is ready to reclaim her life. Will she get the last laugh? Kirstie Alley's Big Life premieres on A&amp;E on March 21 at 10/9C. Don't forget to check out a sneak peek now, and click buy season to receive a discount on every episode of this hilarious series! the fine print : Downloads posted on the Free iTunes Downloads blog are usually free for ~1 week. After that, you'll have to pay for them. American Songwriter is giving away 20 free songs as part of the spring mixtape . Thanks again to Rachel for letting us know on the Free iTunes Downloads Facebook page ! Here are the songs that you can download for free: Yeasayer - O.N.E. Allison Moorer - Crows Beach House - Norway The Avett Brothers - Laundry Room The Duke & The King - Union Street Spoon - Written In Reverse Lissie - Little Lovin Corb Lund - Devil’s Best Dress Ray Wylie Hubbard - Drunken Poet’s Dream Ben Sollee & Daniel Martin Moore - Something Somewhere Sometime Matt Morris - The Un-American A.A. Bondy - I Can See The Pines Are Dancing Bahamas - Southern Drawl Charlie Mars - Meet Me By the Backdoor Drivin’ n’ Cryin’ - The Hardest Part Matthew Perryman Jones - Feels Like Letting Go Owen Pallet - Lewis Takes Action Joe Pug - Messenger Lightspeed - Champion Marlene Jeff the Brotherhood - Bone Jam Sora sends in a link to a 11-song SXSW sampler provided by NPR . Here are the tracks in the sampler: Written in Reverse by Spoon The High Road by Broken Bells I Learned the Hard Way by Sharon Jones And The Dap-Kings Canadian Girl by The Walkmen Girl In Love by Smith Westerns Airplanes by Local Natives Everywhere I Go by G-Side Cleo's Song by JBM Achille's Heel: IV. Shur Landing by Brooklyn Rider Hannah by Freelance Whales Swim by Surfer Blood Thanks Sora! " The lead single from the Ivy League-educated duo, Jukebox , is the antithesis of Paul Simon's “50 Ways to Leave Your Lover.” Atop a sparse club-banger with an undeniable, snaking bassline, rapper Naledge slithers around – doing his best to get pretty ladies to crack smiles (and hopefully more). With clever lines peppered throughout, the brash rapper just might have a winning chance. Double-O’s plush production on the duo’s latest full-length, Land of Make Believe, is completely sample-free, so that MC Lyte-assisted chorus on Jukebox actually features the femcee recreating a classic line from her 1989 track “Stop, Look, Listen.” " -- iTunes Store Genre: Hip Hop/Rap Download for Free! the fine print : Downloads posted on the Free iTunes Downloads blog are usually free for ~1 week. After that, you'll have to pay for them. " Iration hails from the Hawaiian Islands, and the group’s tunes embody an aloha spirit &#8212; breezy rock rhythms mixed with a heaping dose of reggae and dub flavor. Falling is a boy-meets-girl, boy-falls-head-over-heels tale anchored by Micah Pueschel’s sweet, boy-next-door vocals and buoyant guitar riff. We suggest ordering an umbrella-laden beverage and letting Iration’s catchy melodies soak in. " -- iTunes Store Genre: Reggae Download for Free! the fine print : Downloads posted on the Free iTunes Downloads blog are usually free for ~1 week. After that, you'll have to pay for them. Genre: R&amp;B/Soul Download for Free! the fine print : Downloads posted on the Free iTunes Downloads blog are usually free for ~1 week. After that, you'll have to pay for them. " Sarah Braverman, a financially strapped single mother, uproots her two teens, Amber and Drew, to move back home. Sarah is greeted by her father Zeek and mother Camille who are dealing with their own marital issues. Sister Julia is a successful corporate attorney trying to juggle work and motherhood alongside her stay-at-home husband, Joel. Younger brother Crosby must suddenly contend with accepting responsibility when an old flame Jasmine shows up and he must re-evaluate his priorities. And eldest brother Adam must relinquish his preconceived expectations about what constitutes a "normal" family when he and his wife Kristina and teen daughter Haddie learn that their eccentric son Max has been diagnosed with Asperger’s Syndrome. " -- iTunes Store Download for Free! Episode Summary Single mother Sarah (Lauren Graham, "Gilmore Girls") and her two children Amber (Mae Whitman, "In Treatment") and Drew (Miles Heizer, "ER") are moving back home with her parents Zeek (Craig T. Nelson, "Family Stone," "Coach") and Camille (Bonnie Bedelia, "Heart Like a Wheel"). Sarah's sister and complete antithesis, Julia (Erika Christensen, "Traffic") is a successful corporate attorney trying to juggle work and motherhood, alongside her stay-at-home husband, Joel (Sam Jaeger, "Eli Stone"). Commitment-phobe Crosby (Dax Shepard, "Baby Mama"), Sarah’s younger brother, must accept adult responsibility when an old flame Jasmine (Joy Bryant "Antwone Fisher") shows up unexpectedly. Meanwhile, Adam (Peter Krause, "Six Feet Under"), the oldest Braverman sibling, his wife Kristina (Monica Potter, "Trust Me") and teenage daughter, Haddie (Sarah Ramos, "American Dreams"), learn that their eccentric son and Haddie’s little brother, Max (Max Burkholder, "Brother and Sisters"), is diagnosed with Asperger’s Syndrome. Although each sibling and family has its own share of life to grapple with, perhaps this reunion is the push they need to help each other pick up the pieces and focus on the everyday challenges that families face while raising children and starting over. Savannah Paige Rae also stars. Directed by Thomas Schlamme. the fine print : Downloads posted on Free iTunes Downloads are usually free for ~1 week. After that, you'll have to pay for them. 
 Bobby of the excellent Kitsune Noir asked me to do a bicycle-themed illustration for his Desktop Wallpaper Project . You can download the size of your choice here: The Desktop Wallpaper Project Featuring Ward Jenkins One thing I like about wallpapers is using the design as a way to organize your folders. Even though the arrows here are part of the composition behind the girl riding her bike, they also offer the user a chance to group certain folders together, for fun or whatever. For instance, all your folders that feature current projects can go on the bright green arrow, the ones that need immediate attention go on the red arrow, etc. Enjoy! Thought I'd share with you some of my favorite quotes that speak to me on so many levels. I notice a theme here. See if you can pick up on it: "I have forced myself to contradict myself in order to avoid conforming to my own taste." - Marcel Duchamp "Rules are what the artist breaks; the memorable never emerged from a formula." - William Bernbach , co-founder of legendary DDB ad agency. "I never had to compromise myself. It was always me, doing what was comfortable, and relaying the message that I didn't have to be taught to be creative and do good things. I guess what I'm saying is that I'm here and I want to be heard. I come from the streets, I painted on subways, and I feel my work is important. I want people to see it —I want to influence others." - Dondi White (aka DONDI - RIP) Hi guys, sorry for the inactivity lately. Still working on the book, among other things. Trying to manage my time wisely and well, that's a pretty hard task for me apparently. But I'm almost done, and soon I'll have some stuff to share here. I promise. Thanks for hanging on. I promise the wait will be worth your while! I think 2010 is going to be a great year for me. Heck, 2009 wasn't anything to sneeze at, I have to admit. It was pretty much a great year, if you ask me. 2010, now, I think will be another winner. It's certainly starting off well: I'm currently working on my second children's book. To be published by Simon & Schuster in the Spring of 2011. I know, a whole year off, but I'm sure you can manage. Deadline is looming, so I best be on my way. Merry Christmas, everyone. With love, The Ward-O-Matic The Christmas Angel Book by William Dugan. ©1965 Golden Press, Western Publishing Company, Inc. William (or Bill) Dugan is one of my favorite illustrators, creating some of the more interesting and colorful books for children during the midcentury era. There were certain details that Bill focused on for some of his pieces, like the hair and fabic, that stood out from the usual stuff. We read this each year for Christmas. If you never saw a white Christmas back in the day, you didn't have to fret. The stores always carried some instant snow for you to spray on your windows, right? To make it even more festive, you could also grab some stencils and make some pretty nifty snow decorations up on the windows themselves. Nice. Here's a couple of packs of Christmas stencils from the 50's for you to check out: All the stencils in this Paas Christmas Stencil Kit are intact and have never been punched out. I think this is the time when you say &quot;How jolly!&quot; Because that's what we say when we see a Santa Claus face. He's a jolly fellow. All the stencils are still in this one, too, but have been punched out—two with some paint residue. Guess they didn't want to use the fake snow. Love the cool illustration on the cover of this kit. Dig the kids. The ones that have paint on them are the &quot;Merry Christmas&quot; one (they used red AND white) and the angel praying. And here, you've got a can of Instant Snow: I took this photo last year, during the freak massive snow storm that hit Portland around Christmas time. There's a winter wonderland right behind me when I took this shot. On the back there's a warning: CAUTION Contents under pressure. Do not puncture. Do not throw into fire or incinerator. Keep out of the reach of children. Do not allow children or pets to eat snow. Gotta remember that last one. Howdy, kids. Hope you're getting into the Christmas-y mood. I know that there's snow on the ground over half of the country right now (well, I'm pretty sure it is, I think), so that's a good thing, right? Unless you're having to go out in said weather and get stuck in parking lots and long lines at the Post Office. In that case, sorry. Well, to help you get in the mood, I've been saving these things for you. A couple of booklets, one from 1958, the other from 1954: KVP Season's Greetings: Christmas 1958 : a booklet of carols for Christmastime. Illustrator: Hank Kolodziej. In case you want to know, KVP stands for Kalamazoo Vegetable Parchment Company . You're welcome. By the way, I did a little research on Hank Kolodziej, and all I could find was this item on Ebay and a mention in this exhibit on automobile ads during the 60's and 70's, called Drawing Power: Motor City Ad Art in the Age of Muscle and Chrome . Awesome. Sounds like my kinda guy. Here's some of the other spreads in this booklet (there's more in my Flickr ): The image above is the inside cover, front (on left) and back (on right). The following is a little book on Christmas Trees, barely 12 pages long. Something I found in a bundle of various ephemeral items at some antique shop. Didn't really know what it was, but once I opened it up and saw all the wonderful drawings, I had to get it. Plus, the text is by T. S. Eliot. I mean, c'mon! Great stuff. The Cultivation of Christmas Trees , by T. S. Eliot. Typography, binding and decorations by Enrico Arno. ©1954, 1956. Enrico Arno has a great style here. This book looks pretty interesting. I might have to buy it. The note in the corner says: "Merry Christmas and Happy New Year - Ward Taylor 1956." Now, what are the odds that a guy named "Ward" actually gave this as a gift over 50 years ago? And that another Ward found it? Boggles the mind. Oh, and one more thing. Thought I'd get into the spirit of things by creating a new icon for Flickr & Twitter. 'Tis the Season! Here's to a great and wonderful Christmas Season, guys. A gentle reminder that the Early Bird Special: FREE SHIPPING over at The Ward-O-Matic Shop ends at the end of the day TOMORROW! That's Sunday, December 6th. If this'll make it easier for you to decide on whether or not you'd like to order a print, I doodle something different on each and every shipping invoice that's included with the shipment. Here's one example (actual doodle on an actual invoice, scanned for your pleasure): The character varies, but always done with a smile. It gets better, too. I also draw something special on the front (and back!) of each envelope I mail out. Done with marker on study cardboard mailer, I never sketch anything out first, just start drawin'! The character on the front is almost the same, called "The Dreamer", he (or she) conjures up the addressee's name and address for each envelope. (Sorry, didn't get a scan or photo for this post. Maybe next time.) On the back, something unique to every single buyer. Here are two examples: I've had people tell me that they save the envelopes, which totally makes me happy. Now, don't you want to buy a print today? Of course you do. Merry Christmas! 
A work in progress.. for those interested. As sideline, I hardly ever used prelims in the past, but now I do, takes the heavy lifting out when doing large paintings... Npw with next day update... the two panel Nom painting moves along.. The Nom painting is nearly 6 feet tall, the other isnt small either.I have eye strain again, I use photography lights set up behind my back to illuminate the painting etc, but the brightness over my shoulder is fucking with my eyes... GAH !Still the paintings are moving along ! A prequel to a early WWR painting, im sure if you care, you can figure it out. A  fun quick painting ! To be seen in Fuck It im sure..Now with Tommy update !  blocking away... Sparrow 14 should be in stores soon I guess. 
Ahem!This hereby serves as a final reminder that I've moved my blog to my new website, johnsellers.com. Please update your links -- if you even bothered to bookmark this nonsense in the first place, that is.Also, this hereby serves as yet another excuse for me to publish a video of a monkey riding a bicycle. After five years and 454 posts, I am hereby and forevermore moving this blog over to the much-simpler-for-me johnsellers.com.Please update your links.This is your new RSS feed.Enjoy the silence.WHY I'M ANGRY TODAYHoagie crumbs stuck in my sweater! Here's the interview I did with John Cleese.WHY I'M ANGRY TODAYWhy is Chase Bank messing with me? They be frontin'! I am interviewing Lost's Jorge Garcia today, who it turns out has a pretty sweet blog called Dispatches from the Island. Here's my favorite post.In the next few days, I'm going to post a list of the top ten little things that annoyed me this year. And in the next few weeks, I'm going to be moving this blog over to johnsellers.com -- but only after I figure out how to do that. But this is what it's going to look like.Finally, I'm going to stop titling each of my posts after random favorite songs. Instead, I shall name each post after my favorite word in said post.WHY I'M ANGRY TODAYWhy hasn't teleportation been invented yet? That way I could get to the post office without a hassle. And here is my interview with Benicio Del Toro.WHY I'M ANGRY TODAYGoddamn cold. I have three Q+As out right now. In order of how well I 
 Sometimes a simple "WTF" will not suffice and you just gotta sat out loud... WHAT THE FUCK?! Bran There's a fine line between a Make A Wish Telethon and a David Lynch film. Bran Only an African-American legend like Sidney Poitier could have had the skill, sensitivity and all out brass balls to direct a film with such delicate and controversial subject matter. I can only imagine how good Mo' Money could have been under the thoughtful guidance of Morgan Freeman or maybe even as Al Sharpton's directorial debut. Bran Ah, Cruising . You taught me so much. You opened my eyes to the sweet hip shakin' moves that I will use for the rest of my life. Most importantly, you gave me the ever so valuable lessons in hanky code. Want a fist in your bum? Red hanky, right pocket. Wanna pee on a stranger? Yellow hanky, left pocket. "I love it when we're cruisin' together ." Bran Working at a video store, I used to try and sell this film like this: "Hey, you liked Running Man right? Yeah? Well you'll love this. It's exactly like Running Man except instead of it taking place in the future, it takes place during the Depression. Instead of cool laser fights and reckless violence there is slow dancing and some light tandem jogging. Instead of Schwarzenegger, you get a young Red Buttons . Sound like a winner?" Bran Hey, I'm an 7 year old facing adversity in the ghetto and I just won the Kentucky Derby. Sounds great, but have you ever lifted a fucking boat over a fucking mountain? No? Get back to me when you have. Bran Seriously, shit is really like this on Mars. My dad told me. His slow pitch baseball team used to play away games on Mars and he swears he saw at least one tripple tittied lady at the pub. Don't call my dad a liar, he fought in the space wars! Or was it 'Nam? Wait, neither. Sorry. Bran Whenever I listen to Frank Stallone's "Far From Over", I always feel like I should go for a jog. Bran 
Painted this one at Dale Hollow Lake State Resort Park today. Stood on the deck of the restaurant. Even though it was a gorgeous day today, it was still too cool to seat people outside, so I had the deck to myself."Dale Hollow Overlook"16" x 20", oil on linen panel, plein air How's that for a title? A little knife painting of Norway for the Virtual Paintout this month."Grodemveien near Byfjorden"5" x 7", oil on canvas panel, palette knife Here's a larger one I finished up tonight. I think it's finished. Probably not though. There's a couple of areas I think I'll look at later. But pretty satisfied overall at this point.I'm adding a few detail shots as it's hard to get a good pic of the whole thing in it's wide format."Countryside"24" x 48", oil on linen&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Here's a small, quick one painted with the palette knife."House and Field"5" x 7", oil on panel, palette knife Here's a small plein air piece I did today. How 'bout that sunshine! Huh? It's about time. I walked in a creek forever, got muddy, got into thorns at different times, ended up frustrated, set up and painting a horrible mess, wiped it off, turned around and painted this. Still not great by any means, but better than the first one.
At Creation Moments, Ian Taylor starts by asking a scientific question about embryogenesis: How do other cells know to hook up with each other to make our circulatory system, or form the heart? A very good question, and one which is central evo-devo . He then puts forward a hypothesis developed by William Dryer, that olfactory receptors are responsible for cell-cell guidance. An interesting hypothesis formed, in part, because you expresses these genes in nearly every cell of your body. Please Mr. Taylor, tell us more about olfactory genes: Mammals and humans have more than a thousand different olfactory genes. Yes, and more than half of yours are pseudogenes . They are, so far as we know, non-functional and a waste of chromosomal space. Awfully efficient that creator of yours. One or another of these crisscrosses each of your cell seven times. Whoa, that is one huge protein! Oh wait, it crisscrosses the cell membrane seven times . Minor error. Well, if you want to read more about olfactory receptors (and actually learn something) Larry Moran seems to like the subject . But the good thing is that here is a hypothesis that can be tested. So what have people found? Um, well, this hypothesis doesn't have much evidence to support it . From the journal article: A claim that ectopic OR expression may be in part governed by neutral changes is supported by several findings. First, the divergence in the expression patterns of human-mouse orthologous OR pairs in ectopic tissues is similar to that of randomly selected pairs. This observation generalizes a previously reported specific case for OR51E2, which was found to be over-expressed in human prostate [39,40], although minor expression could be detected also in brain. Its mouse ortholog was found predominantly in brain, and its rat ortholog in brain and liver [43]. Second, OR transcription was found here to be unbiased with respect to any particular OR subgroup in ectopic tissues (except for the human 7E subfamily members, see below), as indicated by the approximate fit to a Poisson distribution. We note, though, that other studies have reported up to 300-fold difference in the levels of ORs transcription in mouse olfactory epithelium [5,16]. Last, OR pseudogenes were found here to be expressed in ectopic tissues at similar levels to those of intact genes. In contrast, in olfactory epithelium, where chemosensory functionality is expected, OR pseudogenes were found to be significantly less expressed than intact genes [16]. In short, the expression of the olfactory receptors appears to be random when measured by tissue, by species, by receptor subgroup, and by pseudogene vs. functional gene. That last one is important; the genes that don't do anything are translated just as much as the the genes that do. Maybe more work will turn up something, but for now the expression appears to be just noise. Not a big problem; most hypothesis end up not working so I doubt that anyone is losing sleep over this. Except maybe Mr. Taylor (from the original link): If [this hypothesis is] so, this system of knitting our unborn bodies together is an elegant and precise product of a loving Creator. So, does that mean that you now believe we aren't the product of a loving creator? Maybe just the product of a spiteful creator? You let me know. Inane ramblings about science, religion, parenting, et al. I am bored from trying to fill out my NRSA application. Enjoy. Image via Epic Win FTW Inane ramblings about science, religion, parenting, et al. An oft heard comment on wingnut radio shows and the odd tobacconist shop is that cigarette taxes aren't about health, they are about money; politicians don't want people to stop smoking because the state would lose revenue. This is a bit hard to swallow since the strength of the connection between tobacco smoke inhalation and health is only slightly less than the strong nuclear force ; revenue from tobacco taxes have leveled off in the past decade; and the IRS allows medical deductions for smoking cessation programs and prescriptions . Sometimes, it just isn't about the money. Like say the neo-prohibitionists who run Pennsylvania's liquor laws : More than a dozen armed State Police officers conducted simultaneous raids last week on three popular Philadelphia bars known for their wide beer selections. The cops confiscated hundreds of bottles of expensive ales and lagers, now in State Police custody at an undisclosed location. The alleged offense: Although the bar owners had bought the beer legally from licensed Pennsylvania distributors and had paid all the necessary taxes, the police claimed that nobody had registered the precise names of the beers with the state Liquor Control Board - a process that requires the brewers or their importers to pay a $75 registration fee for each product they want to sell in Pennsylvania. Notice that this is not the fault of tavern owner; it is the fault of the brewer/importer for not properly registering the beer. But the tavern owners are the ones holding the bag. They were raided not because they didn't pay taxes on the beer, but because some of the beer wasn't officially approved. Even though some of it was: ...more than half the beer removed by the State Police was properly registered - but the cops couldn't find it on their lists because of "clerical errors" or "blatant ineptitude" between the police and the Liquor Control Board, with whom the officers were conferring by telephone. Pennsylvania has many archaic beer laws. Though some legislators are trying to change them , it is still easier for me to get a six-pack of Victory than someone who actually lives in Pennsylvania. And I will gladly pay the tax on it too. Image via Wikimedia Commons Inane ramblings about science, religion, parenting, et al. An article on CNN caught my attention yesterday, concerning the blog of Jennifer McGruther . At NourishedKitchen she implemented a 28-day challenge to her readers for February: eat nothing but real food. From the CNN article: On Day One of the challenge, blogger Jennifer McGruther gave this instruction: Purge your pantry of processed foods. This meant everything with refined oils, white flour, sugar, low- and skimmed-milk products, margarine, processed cheeses, refined salt and dried pastas had to go. I understand the white flour, the bleaching process isn't necessary at all. But skim milk? Cheese? How do you make unprocessed cheese? Or sugar? Unprocessed salt is simply impossible. My dried pasta at home includes two ingredients: whole wheat and water. Does air drying it make it processed? Then I read her odd definition of processed foods: Processed food is defined as any food that has undergone a change of character. For example, edamame would be unprocessed, and tofu would be processed. Ugh, this is just a raw food diet that allows you to eat non-raw foods as long as you do it yourself. In no way, shape, or form does that represent what I would consider to be the definition of real food.- It's because of extremists like this that some have a completely misconstrued notion of what a foodie is . CNN, don't give those of us who care about food a bad name. Image via Wellesley College - "So what is your definition?" Good question. My non-specific answer would be "food pretending to be something it is not". Real cheese is made with milk and enzymes. Fake cheese adds oils, flavor enhancers, and preservatives. That doesn't mean I don't eat fake foods; it just means that I don't fool myself into thinking that Froot Loops are a totally awesome health food because now it is made with a little bit of whole grain wheat. Inane ramblings about science, religion, parenting, et al. I really shouldn't be surprised that Ian Taylor gets his facts wrong; but I am surprised when Ian Taylor outright lies . Doesn't your religion have something to say about that? First, errors in fact concerning rings around planets: For example, we have learned that all five of the outer planets are surrounded by rings. Now, these transcripts are old, so it is understandable that he would be including Pluto as a planet (1). But, Pluto does not have rings . At best, there is the possibility that it may have rings based on computer models, but there are no data supporting that possibility. Sorry Ian, you are just plain wrong. The rings are only inches thick and comprised of dust and ice in neat bands; No, they are not inches thick. Saturn's rings are about 1 km thick in areas and the rings of Uranus exceed 100 m. That's not just off by a little; that is off by 3-4 orders of magnitude. That's like hopping on a Southwest flight from Orlando to Phoenix and getting dropped of at Disneyworld. Not to mention that some of those chunks of ice are several meters across by themselves, and you get the idea that Mr. Taylor doesn't know what the hell he is talking about. Go on: Every astronomer knows that the forces of the solar wind, of gravity, and the unavoidable laws of physics should have destroyed a planetary ring in less than a million years. The rings are stable because of the laws of physics; gravitational pull on objects within the Roche limit stops them from coalescing. That's why astronomers think the rings are very old, probably as old as the solar system . Now to the lying. Mr. Taylor has a comment about shepherding satellites: But now an exhaustive study of Voyager 2's data from Uranus has shown perfect rings without any "shepherding satellites." WTF? The two confirmed shepherding satellites of Uranus, Ophelia and Cordelia , were discovered by Voyager 2 . If only your attention to detail were as exhaustive. Not only that, Mr. Taylor's idea seems to come primarily from a letter to the editor in Science News (2), which cites the existence of the two shepherding moons . I think Ian needs a fire extinguisher for his pants. Image via Wikimedia Commons (1) Unless Mr. Taylor was prescient and excluded Pluto. But then he would be including Mars in the five outer planets, and Mars doesn't have rings either. (2) Sorry, that link just shows the table of contents, but a complete copy of the letter is below: A number of researchers have suggested that the rings of Uranus -- compared with the solar system, which has been around for some 4.6 billion years -- look relatively young, perhaps less than a billion years old. But scientists are traditionally suspicious of explanations whose validity depends on observations made exactly at some key moment. How likely is it that the Voyager 2 spacecraft just happened to be around to photograph the rings during the short span when they existed? An alternative theory from Larry Esposito of the University of Colorado at Boulder suggests the rings may not be young at all. Instead, he proposes, their chunks keep grinding against one another in a way that continually creates new particles. Without some such regenerative process to sustain them, Esposito notes, the Uranian rings as Voyager 2 saw them would be gone in a billion years or less. Indeed, many of the particles are so small that they would be dragged down to destruction in that time by the planet's extended hydrogen atmosphere. The motions and present locations of two small Uranian moons known as "shepherd" satellites -- believed to be keeping one of the rings as sharp-edged and narrow as it is -- suggest they have been doing so for only about that long. Additional shepherds have been proposed for many of the other nine known Uranian rings, though no one has yet identified any in existing photos. Besides the main rings, Voyager 2's data also showed 50 to 100 tenuous "dust bands" containing smaller particles than the rings. But Esposito says their different positions mean the bands cannot have come from the rings. In a paper submitted to NATURE, he instead proposes that the dust in the bands may have been generated by micrometeoroids colliding with "unseen moonlets," each about 200 meters across, in belts some tens of kilometers wide, as well as by collisions between the moonlets themselves. "Both the moonlet belt objects and the main rings of Uranus have been created by the breakup of larger objects," he says. Any dust or rings that existed billions of years ago would long since have been removed by atmospheric drag, he says, so some mechanism must be creating new dust. In the solar system's early history, according to Esposito, the material that later became the Uranian ring system may have consisted simply of perhaps 10 to 12 moons, each about 200 kilometers across. Since then, the ring system has been in a continuing state of gradual evolution. ~~~~~~~~ By J. Eberhart Inane ramblings about science, religion, parenting, et al. Especially when they- do stupid shit like this . [Queen Antoinette's] actions irked Assistant Public Defender Maureen Rowland, representing one of Antoinette's co-defendants in a bizarre homicide case that involves the alleged starvation death of a toddler. ... Prosecutors claim cult members - including Antoinette and her daughter, Trevia Williams, who is also representing herself - starved the 16-month-old boy at Antoinette's order because he refused to say "amen" after meals. I've known 16 month olds who have yet to develop a vocabulary, let alone come up with an absolutely insane and arbitrary operational response-reinforcement pairing like this. What drove me to post this is PZ's post about the beating death of an adopted girl by her Christian parents who were following the advice of, big surprise, the Pearls . I have to go vomit now. - allegedly Inane ramblings about science, religion, parenting, et al. The habenula is a highly conserved structure in the vertebrate central nervous system. It doesn't matter if you look at mammals, reptiles, or fish, we all have it. It seems to be a relay center in communication between the forebrain (in mammals) and a whole host of midbrain structures, including the substantia nigra and raphe nuclei. These are the dopaminergic and serotonergic centers of the brain. So, you can understand why some who study addiction , schizophrenia , and/or depression are turning their attention habenularly (and if you don't understand, follow those links). In fact at least one case study points to deep brain stimulation of the lateral habenula as a potential therapy for treatment resistant depression . While all vertebrates have a habenula, they don't all look the same. In addition to showing profound lateralization, the habenula of fish do not seem to separate into medial and lateral nuclei, as they do in mammals. However, just because the gross anatomy is different doesn't mean that connectivity (and function) follows suit. Amo et al. (2010) hypothesized that, because it is such a conserved structure, habenula of the zebrafish would also show subdivisions based on connectivity . This is basically a retrograde/anterograde tracing study. Except instead of using peroxidase based stains they are using awesomely fluorescent compounds. By injecting in the serotonergic centers of the zebrafish, they found retrograde labeling clustered within the ventral habenula; in mammals, similar tracing studies would show labeling in the lateral habenula. It is already known that the zebrafish dorsal habenula (and mammalian medial habenula) sends projections to the interpeduncular nucleus. So it seems that the medial/lateral subdivision in mammals corresponds to a dorsal/ventral subdivision in zebrafish. They also did an anterograde tracer to confirm this connection. Plus, as further confirmation, in mammals the descending projections from the medial habenula form the core of the fasciculus retroflexus while the projections from the lateral habenula form the sheath. Do the projections from the dorsal and ventral habenula of the zebrafish follow such a pattern? I wouldn't be mentioning it if they didn't. The green is GFP expressed in the dorsal habenula neurons while the navy blue is neurobiotin taken up retrogradely by ventral habenular neurons. Neat stuff. So now we know that the habenula of mammals and fish are homologous. Why is this important? One, transgenic studies in mammals are kind of messy. Sure, there is lots of work being done on mice, but the availability of other transgenic mammals is limited. By contrast, zebrafish may offer an alternative means of studying the functionality of habenular output through genetic manipulation (1). Two, by identifying genes specific to the two habenular subdivisions, the authors were able to look at the development of the habenula in zebrafish. Turns out that the fish really do have a medial and lateral subdivision, the lateral division just migrates to a ventral position during development (2). This makes for a nice picture too. Now, if the ventral habenula has glutamatergic projections that inhibit monoaminergic brain centers, that would really be something. Images via The Journal of Neuroscience Amo, R., Aizawa, H., Takahoko, M., Kobayashi, M., Takahashi, R., Aoki, T., &amp; Okamoto, H. (2010). Identification of the Zebrafish Ventral Habenula As a Homolog of the Mammalian Lateral Habenula Journal of Neuroscience, 30 (4), 1566-1574 DOI: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.3690-09.2010 (1) Sorry, drosophila. I know you have a lot to offer, but you must be a vertebrate to go on this ride. (2) I am showing my speciesism, aren't I? It could just as well be that the mammalian ventral habenula fails to migrate to its proper position. Inane ramblings about science, religion, parenting, et al. A friend guided me to Halloween in the Time of Cholera , a collection of old Halloween photos. It's hard to tell the dates, but they seem to range from late 19th to mid 20th century. I can only imagine this was from the original stage production of Saw . And that wasn't the creepiest one I could have put in here. Not as bad as Victorian death photos , but I would rather spend an hour locked in a closet with that creepy-ass clown from the USPS commercial than look through that photo album again. Inane ramblings about science, religion, parenting, et al. 
 In 1996, in Bob Cringely's documentary Triumph of the Nerds , Steve Jobs said: Picasso had a saying, he said "good artists copy, great artists steal". We have, you know, always been shameless about stealing great ideas. Here's the video : Today, Apple's press release says: “We can sit by and watch competitors steal our patented inventions, or we can do something about it. We’ve decided to do something about it,” said Steve Jobs, Apple’s CEO. “We think competition is healthy, but competitors should create their own original technology, not steal ours.” Apple has suffered through many patent trolls over the years, and should understand how software patents limit innovation, indeed their consistent position on supporting Open Source Codecs in HTML5 has been that they are afraid of patent lawsuits. So this action can only be seen as an attack on innovation. I wrote a post last year about Twitter theory , and presented on it too so I thought I'd compare how Google Buzz fits in with them or not. Flow Buzz is a flow but it does show an unread count, and it's in your email inbox so the implicit pressure to read is there. You're not cued to dip in and out. Also, all replies come to your main inbox, privileging them over the flow from those you chose to follow. Faces There are faces of people next to the root Buzzes, taping into the subtle nuances of trust we all carry in our heads, but not by the replies, making those 'comments from strangers' even more alien. Phatic The phatic feel of Twitter is partially there, but at the launch there was much talk of Google 'hiding the irrelevant' so the social gestures where we groom each other may be tidied away by an uncomprehending machine. The replies from faceless strangers flooding your inbox if you respond to anyone with a large following will put people off interacting socially. The feeling of talking intimately to those you know is replaced by something closer to the 'naked in the school lunchroom' nightmare. Following Buzz does pick up Twitters asymmetric following model, and indeed adds a way to create private Buzzes for small groups, both key features. However, these are undermined by the confusing editing process. The Follower/Following editing is only in pop-up javascript dialogs on your Buzz in gmail and Google Profile pages, and because of the auto-follow onboarding, rather opaque. The groups editing is in Google Contacts , but that doesn't show the Followers, Following, Chat Friends, Latitude or other subgroups. There is also no way to see just conversations with those groups. The overall effect makes it feel more like a Mornington Crescent server than Twitter. I made a Mornington Crescent Buzz account; it seems to fit. Publics Twitter's natural view is different for each of us, and is of those we have chosen. We each have our own public that we see and we address. The subtlety is that the publics are semi-overlapping - not everyone we can see will hear us, as they don't necessarily follow us, and they may not dip into the stream in time to catch the evanescent ripples in the flow that our remark started. To see responses to us from those we don't follow, we have to click the Mentions tab. However, as our view is of those we choose to follow, our emotional response is set by that, and we behave more civilly in return. Buzz reverses this. The general comments from friends are in the Buzz tab, but anyone can use '@' to mention you, forcing the whole conversational thread into your inbox. Similarly, if you comment on someone else's Buzz, any further updates to the web show up in your main email inbox. The tragedy of the comments ensues, where annoying people can take over the discussion, and their replies are privileged twice over those you choose to follow. This is the YouTube comments problem yet magnified; when all hear the words of one, the conversation often decays. Mutual media By bringing in Twitter,blogs, Google Reader shared items, photos and other Activity Streams feeds, Buzz has the potential to be a way to connect the loosely coupled flows those of us who live in the listening Web to the email dwellers who may left behind. By each reading whom we choose to and passing on some of it to others, we are each others media, we are the synapses in the global brain of the web of thought and conversation. Although we each only touch a local part of it, ideas can travel a long way. If the prioritisation of secondary commentary and poking over collated ideas can be reversed in Buzz, this could be made to work. Small world networks Social connections are a small-world network locally strongly-connected, but spreading globally in a small number of jumps. The email graph that Buzz taps into may be a worse model of real world social networks that articulated SNS's like Facebook, but it could be improved if the following and editing models are fixed. Buzz's promise is that it builds on Activity Streams and other open standards , so it could help encourage others to do this better. Mike Arrington wrote a plea for better social software on Sunday: The online social landscape today sort of feels to me like search did in 1999. It’s a mess, but we don’t complain much about it because we don’t know there’s a better way. Everything is decentralized, and no one is working to centralize stuff. I’ve got photos on Flickr, Posterous and Facebook (and even a few on MySpace), reviews on Yelp (but movie reviews on Flixster), location on Foursquare, Loopt and Gowalla, status updates on Facebook and Twitter, and videos on YouTube. Etc. I’ve got dozens of social graphs on dozens of sites, and trying to remember which friends puts his or her pictures on which site is a huge challenge. What enabled Google to solve the search problem was a common standard for expressing pages and the links between them, so that they could index the webpages and derive a metric for which ones were more important. They didn't do this by replacing the web with a structured database that they curated, they worked with the standards in use to make sense of it. To solve the social conundrum we need the equivalent - agreed standards in widespread use so that we can generalize across sites. Fortunately, we have these. We have OpenID and OAuth for delegated login; we have XFN , other microformats and Portable Contacts for public and private people connections; we have Feeds and Activity Streams for translating social actions between sites. This enabling social infrastructure means that we'll be able to have a new generation of sites that enhance our web experience through social filtering without our connections being centralised in a single company's database. Once we get used to the experience of being able to delegate login, personal connections and activity updates, we'll look askance at developers who insist we create yet another profile and invite all our friends by email to experience their site; it'll be like a website without links. What I wanted from the iPad —a very high-pixel-density HD screen in a small device—didn't happen. But in the commentary of my techie colleagues like David , Alex and Tim , I'm seeing another disappointment. They're saying 'this isn't a computer like I grew up with'. It's not the generative machine that can be bent to our will to do anything, it's a display device. Now this is true, but it reminds me of programmers complaining about the Web, as opposed to native applications. The Web is something that started out as a display medium, but is now the platform we all expect to build our applications on, precisely because it is an abstraction that comes between us and the particular hardware our users are running. The web is an agreement on how to phrase things. The iPad picks up this agreement and delivers on it in a new form, but exceptionally well. When the iPhone was launched, I said that the web was the one standard even Steve Jobs can't ignore . This is reinforced by the iPad - it opens with web browsing, and the Book format adopted, ePub, is built on HTML. I would prefer it if anyone could distribute native apps for the iPad, but we all can create websites. The big difference the iPhone brought, and that the iPad builds on is the pervasive ability to zoom in and out easily. I think that this will lead to a change in how we think about user experience, with the deep zooming experience we are familar with from Google Maps and now Prezi becoming natural in more and more apps. The chaps at Mozilla, Christopher Blizzard and Robert O'Callahan reopened the HTML5 &lt;audio&gt; and &lt;video&gt; debate yesterday, with a spirited defence of their decision to support only the patent-unencumbered - Ogg format and Vorbis and Theora codecs in Firefox releases as part of their HTML5 support. Now, I understand their motives here - back when I was at Apple, I spent a big chunk of time trying get permission to add support for Vorbis to QuickTime, but didn't manage to get it past Apple management's fears. However, all the browsers I use now claim to support HTML5 &lt;audio&gt; and &lt;video&gt; , so I thought I'd try it out. I made some simple test pages using mp3, .au and WAV files, to see how they were supported. What I found was a bit disappointing - it seems that the way that the spec is written, you can support &lt;audio&gt; but no file formats or codecs at all (my Droid does this), and if you can't play the file you're not supposed to show the fallback HTML contents This means that Firefox, Droid won't show the link to the audio file below: Looking Up From Dystopia though browsers that don't support &lt;audio&gt; at all will. Here's the markup: &lt;audio src="http://homepage.mac.com/kevinmarks/dystopia.mp3" controls&gt;&lt;a href="http://homepage.mac.com/kevinmarks/dystopia.mp3" type="audio/mpeg"&gt; Looking Up From Dystopia &lt;/a&gt;&lt;/audio&gt; However, if I use a direct link or an embedded &lt;iframe&gt; , Firefox will use available plugins to play the file (both Flash and QuickTime happily play mp3's). Thus using &lt;audio&gt; give me less compatibility with current browsers. On phone browsers, odder things happen - iPhone gives a clickable button for the &lt;audio&gt; , but auto-loads an &lt;iframe&gt; ; Droid ignroes iFrames, Palm Pre doesn't have &lt;audio&gt; but &lt;iframe&gt; behaves like the iPhone. Smarter behaviour with declarative audio would be nice here. -Submarine patent trolls keeping periscopes down may exist. Kevin Marks Originally uploaded by O'Reilly Conferences Last week at Web2expo I gave a 10-minute keynote on the new vocabulary needed to understand where the web is going - most of this comes from sociology and anthropology. If you've been following my blog, you'll recognise this inculdes ideas from my Twitter in Theory post, from the Flow Past Web , from one on Digital Publics and of course from the Tummler post. Here's the video: And here's the presentation, which uses Prezi 's mindmap-as-presentation software: This weekend, Adam Penenberg wrote a post at Techcrunch Let’s Kill “Viral”: It’s Time For a New Word in which, after being ridiculed by radio hosts over the title of his book 'The Viral Loop' he says: The problem, I think, is the word “viral,” which comes from biology and was retrofitted to cover the phenomenon of word-of-mouth—or on the Web, so-called “word-of-mouse”—dissemination of ideas. I propose we kill it and replace it with something better. Now this is a topic I've spoken and written about before, but I think Adam is missing the point again. As I said then, if you behave like a disease, people develop an immune system. I don't think changing the name is enough - we need to change practice too. Viruses are exploitative - they hijack normal reproduction to propagate their genes at the expense of the host. This is an accurate metaphor for the kinds of scammy social applications that Mike Arrington described in his Scamville: The Social Gaming Ecosystem Of Hell post this weekend, aimed at the same app developers I was talking to originally in 2008 . When I read Adam's interview with Caterina Fake it was obvious that Caterina's expert Tummling was key to Flickr's growth, and it didn't fit Adam's 'Viral' framing. Caterina says: But a game built for adults, where communication could come more freely, would mean the social interactions would be much more fruitful . They also have this exchange: Penenberg : There's both a good and bad side to virality. Products with viral hooks that are so strong they coerce people to sign up--in order to achieve a huge initial viral rush--are obviously bad. Not only do they alienate users, they don't lead to a sustainable business. On the good side, you have organic growth, which comes as a natural byproduct of something that spreads simply because people like it--eBay, Hot or Not, and Flickr. I can't think of an antonym for it. Fake : How about brute force growth? Penenberg : That's good. Maybe we should trademark the term. Clearly Adam is struggling with his stale metaphor here, trying to come up with better terminiology. When I mentioned this on twitter, Caterina responded with Things on the internet grow fungally, not virally. The metaphor is completely wrong. and I was a former member of the SF Mycological Society. Mushrooms are the fruiting bodies of mycelia, underground... Which fits perfectly with my organic reproduction metaphors. So lets keep the term 'viral' for explotatative applications that violate trust to reproduce against the interests of their hosts, and we can use organic terms like 'fruitful', or if we insist on alliterative euphony, 'virile videos', 'fertile films' and maybe even 'philoprogenitive photographs'. Almost 800 years ago in 1215, a group of Barons pinned King John down and got a written list of rights, some of which are still British Law. This week, by contrast, Baron Mandelson plans to revoke rights by government fiat. Lets compare. Magna Carta : (20) For a trivial offence, a free man shall be fined only in proportion to the degree of his offence, and for a serious offence correspondingly, but not so heavily as to deprive him of his livelihood. In the same way, a merchant shall be spared his merchandise, and a villein the implements of his husbandry, if they fall upon the mercy of a royal court. None of these fines shall be imposed except by the assessment on oath of reputable men of the neighbourhood. (38) In future no official shall place a man on trial upon his own unsupported statement, without producing credible witnesses to the truth of it. (39) No free man shall be seized or imprisoned, or stripped of his rights or possessions, or outlawed or exiled, or deprived of his standing in any other way, nor will we proceed with force against him, or send others to do so, except by the lawful judgement of his equals or by the law of the land. (40) To no one will we sell, to no one deny or delay right or justice. (61)[...]We will not seek to procure from anyone, either by our own efforts or those of a third party, anything by which any part of these concessions or liberties might be revoked or diminished. Should such a thing be procured, it shall be null and void and we will at no time make use of it, either ourselves or through a third party. The Digital Economy Bill is not so clearly written, but: (1) This section applies if it appears to a copyright owner that— (a) a subscriber to an internet access service has infringed the owner’s copyright by means of the service; or (b) a subscriber to an internet access service has allowed another person to use the service, and that other person has infringed the owner’s copyright by means of the service. (2) The owner may make a copyright infringement report to the internet service provider who provided the internet access service if a code in force under section 124C or 124D (an “initial obligations code”) allows the owner to do so. Which sounds like it's 'own unsupported statement, without producing credible witnesses to the truth of it' to me. 124H Obligations to limit internet access (1) The Secretary of State may at any time by order impose a technical obligation on internet service providers if the Secretary of State considers it appropriate in view of— (a) an assessment carried out or steps taken by OFCOM under section 124G; or (b) any other consideration. Not 'lawful judgement of his equals or by the law of the land' or 'proportional' or 'assessment on oath of reputable men of the neighbourhood', just 'any other consideration' the Secretary of State feels like. 302A Power to amend Part 1 and this Part (1) The Secretary of State may by order amend Part 1 or this Part for the purpose of preventing or reducing the infringement of copyright by means of the internet, if it appears to the Secretary of State appropriate to do so having regard to technological developments that have occurred or are likely to occur. [...] (5) The power may be exercised so as to— (a) confer a power or right or impose a duty on any person; (b) modify or remove a power, right or duty of any person; (c) require a person to pay fees. Again, the Secretary of State can make anyone do anything, or pay anything, without due process, preserving livelihood, lawful judgment. It's the exact opposite of the 'anything by which any part of these concessions or liberties might be revoked or diminished' being 'null and void and we will at no time make use of it' clause. I'm not a lawyer, but I'll take the drafting of Geoffrey de Mandeville and the other 24 Barons from 1215 over Peter Mandelson and Sion Simon. For a thorough legal discussion, read Lillian Edwards post , then sign the petition and join the Open Rights Group . 
3lb loss! In the past 5 years I think I've only twice ever lost 3lbs in one week, so this was a bit of a surprise. But I have been on track and then some, this week. Last Thursday I went to see a Nutritionist who, after looking through the detailed questionnaire I'd filled out and testing me on her machine, told me I most likely had a couple of mild food intolerances and too much yeast in my system which affects my digestion and ability to absorb the right nutrients, thus either causing, or contributing to my CFS. The upshot of this is it has been recommended I cut out sugars, yeast and fungi from my diet - this includes fruit juice, dried fruits and many fresh fruits too, as they are all high in sugar content - and take pro-biotics and Chromium supplements to allow my body to recover. She didn't think I had full blown Candida, but felt I was leaning that way so should look to address it. I don't appear to have a wheat intolerance, but can't have bread because of the yeast. And it turns out the fungi thing means I can't have Quorn either, which is a bit of a bugger as we lead a largely vegetarian diet and Quorn usually features once or twice a week. It seems mostly I'll be following a GL diet, which Maggie had been looking at anyway. Am I certain this is all correct and not bullshit? No. You don't need a medical degree to call yourself a nutritionist, and the vega machine she used to test me for my reactions to different food stuffs hasn't had full clinical trials. However, I'm prepared to give it a go. It looks a few stages more advanced than Crystal Therapy, and I'm not being recommended to do anything unhealthy or life threatening. If it turns out to be complete bollocks, then at least I won't have lost anything. What this has meant is I now daren't snack on anything I shouldn't. It's no longer just a case of extra calories delaying or preventing weight loss, but the wrong things can feed the yeast growth. And if I'm to give this a shot then I've got to do it properly, otherwise I'll never know. I've not given up my 2 coffees a day yet, but I fear it's only a matter of time... Starting Weight: 19st 9lb - 275lbs Current Weight: 13st 1.4lb - 183.4lbs Body fat: 25.5% Total Weight Loss: 91.6lbs 1lb loss! That's good. Was on track all week, with the exception of a tub of popcorn at the cinema on Saturday when Maggie and I went to see the new Alice in Wonderland movie (visually lovely, but lacking any real dramatic tension). No matter how many advances I've made in other areas of my life, I cannot go to the cinema without having a tub of popcorn. I would be completely unable to enjoy the film, spending the entire time missing the popcorn. Fortunately we very rarely go to the cinema Starting Weight: 19st 9lb - 275lbs Current Weight: 13st 4.4lb - 186.4lbs Body fat: 26.1% Total Weight Loss: 88.6lbs &nbsp;0.4lb loss Back in the right direction again. Forgot to mention last week it was the 5th Anniversary since I began the journey of heathly eating. I still haven't figured out whether that's a good or a bad thing... Starting Weight: 19st 9lb - 275lbs Current Weight: 13st 5.4lb - 187.4lbs Body fat: 25.6% Total Weight Loss: 87.6lbs 1.8lb gain To be honest, that could have been worse. This past week has seen my daughter's birthday celebrations, a trip to see my stepdaughter and her children and a weekend away with my wife, including trips to cafes. I'm actually craving vegetables. Well, nearly... Starting Weight: 19st 9lb - 275lbs Current Weight: 13st 5.8lb - 187.8lbs Body fat: 25.7% Total Weight Loss: 87.2lbs 0.8lb loss! I'm very pleased with that, although somewhat surprised as there have been a few little extras this week. However, for anyone who doesn't know, one of the greatest achievements in the world of bloggers dealing with health and weight issues has been Kepa, or Fat Lazy Guy , reaching his target of being under 100kg, or 220lbs. What makes this such an astonishing success story is 3 years ago he weighed over 500lbs. And what makes this so special for me is we've been exchanging blog comments since he started. If you like, I knew him back in his days of struggle and massive self-esteem issues, long before the bold and confident guy he is today. So this isn't about some distant person who must be superhuman and I couldn't relate to. This is very real. Here's a wee video he made charting his success . It almost brings a tear to my eye Here's a link to his post Starting Weight: 19st 9lb - 275lbs Current Weight: 13st 4lb - 186lbs Body fat: 26.2% Total Weight Loss: 89lbs 1.4lb loss So my unexpected gain last week must have been a blip as I've dropped down below my weight from 2 weeks ago. I'm happy with that :) Starting Weight: 19st 9lb - 275lbs Current Weight: 13st 4.8lb - 186.8lbs Body fat: 26.2% Total Weight Loss: 88.2lbs 0.8lb gain? Sigh Don't really know what's caused this. I know I did have a couple of little extras this week - a scone on Wednesday, and a cup of hot chocolate on Friday, but these shouldn't have been enough to cause a weight gain. It's not so bad when I can see what I've done wrong, but this is disappointing Starting Weight: 19st 9lb - 275lbs Current Weight: 13st 6.2lb - 188.2lbs Body fat: 26.4% Total Weight Loss: 86.8lbs Another 1.4lb loss! A near faultless week again, but I'm surprised to lose over a pound again. Due to the CFS my activity levels aren't that wonderful, so realistically I don't feel I can expect to lose much over 1/2 a pound per week So I'm happy with that :) Starting Weight: 19st 9lb - 275lbs Current Weight: 13st 5.4lb - 187.4lbs Body fat: 26.2% Total Weight Loss: 87.6lbs 
 Cavum by Wolfgang Kramer and Michael Kiesling In Kramer and Kiesling's new "Cavum ", the designers offer a new "gamer's game" that reflects the unique sensibilities which have given us games from " Torres " to " Maharaja ". As is typical of this team, they present us with a wide ranging menu of choices each turn and enormous freedom to manage our strategies. For some, this freedom lets players fully manage complex strategies, while for others, the freedom only means confusion and headaches. What is especially interesting is how the designers' style is expressed in a new way - disguised but still unmistakably Kramer and Kiesling. Wolfgang Kramer and Michael Kiesling have been working together as co-designers since 1995, but they came to the attention of many gamers with the release of Tikal and Torres in 1999. In both of these games, players had free form turns in which they could choose from a menu of actions - moving, building, exploring, creating new pawns - each of which required the expenditure of some number of "Action Points" which were limited every turn. Tikal was followed by Java in 2000 and Mexica in 2002, and these games are regarded as a trilogy - for their obvious use of this shared system, for the use of masks on their box cover art, and also for the graphic design used in the games by artist Franz Vohwinkel. Depending on how you felt about these games, the "AP" trilogy either referred to "Action Points" or "Analysis Paralysis" because such freedom could lead players to get stuck managing the details of each game turn. With some subsequent games such as "Maharaja", "Australia", "Bison", and even "Sunken City", this system got stretched in different directions, but what remained constant was the use of a menu of potential choices confronting players that allows them to manage their turns with great flexibility. Cavum is a relatively complex tile laying, track building game in which the designers place their stamp in a new way. At the beginning of the "phase", players fill their player mats with the 12 assets shown above. Each represents an action he'll be able to take once. Four of them are ordinary tiles to lay, although each one has a different amount of track (or in this case, "tunnel") One has a piece of track with a big ol' piece of dynamite on it. The three cubes are stations - and these are the only pieces that a player truly owns. They will serve as starting and ending points for paths the player will trace in an effort to claim gems, and they will also block other players' paths. The gray tile with stones on it represents a "vein" which the player may place and "discover" - and will be a source from which all players claim gems. Then there are two wild tiles which may substitute for any of the above, and finally the symbol for prospecting. This will always be the player's last action in the turn, when he traces a path between any two of his stations, crossing through any quantity of tunnels, in an attempt to pass through previously placed veins, and pick up as many gems as possible. Here is where I think the designers really show their true colors. During a phase, a player is going to engage in all twelve of his actions. However, the phase is broken up into any number of turns. During a player turn, he must select between one and four of his actions to perform before passing his turn. So these twelve actions might be distributed among as many as twelve and as few as three player turns per phase. Each phase always culminates in the prospecting action. So one player might choose to rush with his actions, to ensure that gems are still on the board when it's time to prospect. Another might proceed very slowly, forcing all players to take their actions so that he may use all the resources out there when he finally prospects. With such flexibility, it is easy to see why this is very much a gamer's game - and one which can succumb to Analysis Paralysis in the wrong hands. I wonder to what degree Kramer and Kiesling were inspired by Martin Wallace's " Age of Steam ", as they seem to have created a sort of negative image of the Wallace classic. In Age of Steam, players are tracing paths with cities as the end points, running through as many towns as possible. In this case, players own the tracks and the cities are public. In Cavum, things are reversed. The paths are public but the end points - the stations - are what is owned by the players. In Age of Steam, goods begin on cities and get removed as they are used. In Cavum, the goods that are removed appear on the veins - which are the equivalent of Age of Steam's "towns". Age of Steam paths colored for clarity There is an important consequence of having players share all the "track" in Cavum. They need to be interconnected with lots of junctions so that one player can trace from his stations, through various veins, and back to another of his stations, while another player can use much of the same track, use many of the same veins, but return to his own station. In Age of Steam, where players own each piece of track exclusively, the paths don't interconnect as much and tend to be simpler. Can you connect a path between any two blue stations (cubes) that pass through as many gems as possible without passing through any red or yellow stations? Can you do it before other players get impatient? This tangled web is what can make Cavum more than a little brain-burning. What about that dynamite? Each turn a player must place at least one tile with dynamite on it. It is possible to cover up those pieces with normal tunnels in order to delay their destruction, but at the end of the turn, all exposed dynamite tiles get removed - and also take out all top tiles in the six adjacent spaces. In a four player game, it's possible for 28 tiles to go to heaven! Some have characterized this aspect of the game as very nasty. Incredible as it sounds, I don't think this rule is there especially to add a "take that" element to the game, and in my playing it didn't come off as mean. Rather, the board can get so dense and locked in, I think that the designers put in the dynamite in order to insure that the board continues to change after each phase. The game is not that nasty because once a player has created a path, it is difficult to obstruct that path until after he has collected his gems. The dynamite doesn't blow until the very end of the phase. Additionally, although stations block other players' paths, they can't be played on existing track. Even if someone places a track tile in your way, you may be able to promote it by placing another tile on it - as long as the new tile has more connections. The only way I know of to to mess with an existing path is to promote it with a new tile that changes its connections. Note that unlike Age of Steam, all existing connections do not need to be preserved. The way that the designers stray from their Action Point menu and instead specify the particular actions a player must allocate during each phase is a very clever way of directing game play. If this game were from the AP trilogy, it is possible that each action would have had its own cost. A simple tile might cost 2 AP, one with all connections might cost 6 AP, tiles with dynamite could have their own cost, as would stations. The game would have been even more free form, perhaps more strategic, and certainly more maddening. Instead, each player gets a series of 2/3/4/6 branch tiles and they all must be used. Any tile may promote any other tile with fewer branches. There becomes a natural flow and strategy to the phase. Try to start out with the simplest tile possible, and as opponents mess with you, hold back the more complex tiles to play on top and rescue yourself. Or else, use your six early on, secure a complex path - but leave yourself vulnerable if another tile you were relying on gets rerouted. I think that with this method, Kramer and Kiesling have struck a nice balance between freedom and structure in their use of an action menu. Where things seemed to spin out of control was in the paths themselves, which need to be twisty and often difficult to visualize. Indeed, all players tend to be creating paths which all cross over the same terrain, and it seemed difficult to create a master plan that brilliantly snatched lots of gems. Rather, you're more likely to feel like an idiot if you don't get lots of gems. I suspect that experienced players will learn to visualize the board better, make more strategic use of stations, and reduce the apparent chaos. But in my playing, understanding the board was a little like tracking a single strand of spaghetti as it winds its way around the meatballs. If the game were just about laying tunnels and grabbing gems, it wouldn't be a Kramer / Kiesling game. On top of all this, there is a modest economic system to value the gems that you do get. At the beginning of each phase, you can take order tiles. It's exactly what you think. Taking the one pictured is a commitment to acquire and trade a light blue, a dark blue, a green and a red for 26 points. Fail to do so, and you lose 2 points. The risks aren't great, but neither are the rewards because you can still sell gems back to the market - potentially doing even better. In the example here, eight of the yellow gems are either still on the board or in people's hands. A reverse auction is held starting at "8" and going down, and the lowest bidding player could sell as many yellow gems as he owns at his bid price. So there are two ways to collect points for your gems, and which is better will depend on how many players own a given color and how aggressive the bidding gets. The ability to sell gems either to the market or by completing orders struck some of us in our session as a little odd. It watered down the tension. If players must complete orders, then a player has pressure to get the right combination, knowing that not getting the last gem is a big loss of potential points. Such high stakes would provide a natural bomb in the game as it does in Alan Moon's Ticket to Ride . Alternately, forcing players into the market would have created a more economically oriented games in which players must monitor which gems are valuable, jockey for those, and close opponents out of them. By providing both alternatives, players are most likely to go for orders - but relax knowing that the market provides something of a safety net if plans go awry. Perhaps the "all or nothing" game created too much chaos, but this is so obviously a gamer's game, it is surprising to see it made a little more family friendly. I'd love to speak with the designers to learn what they were thinking. I enjoy path laying games and I especially enjoy the complexity that Kramer and Kiesling bring to their best gamer's games. Given the history of such games, I am not convinced that paths laid by Cavum make the most satisfying use of the choices the genre has to offer. The use of actions in the menu in which players may order and group their 12 actions in any way they like - seems to have enormous potential and I hope to see it in a future game. The actual tile and path creation seemed overly involved and counterintuitive. I look forward to future playings to see if I'm able to wrap my brain around this game, or whether the game proves to be the stronger and wraps itself around me. DOMINION by Donald X. Vaccarino If Sylla was a blend of old wines in a new bottle, Dominion is a tasty young wine which seems unlikely to mature greatly. Dominion has become an overnight hit, and so many readers have already played it to death since its recent release. I've played it only once, but what stands out about it is its originality despite its simplicity. The goal is to collect the most and best victory point cards into your deck. Each player has his own deck of ten cards - seven with (1) gold and three with (1) VP. He draws five cards from his deck and can use the gold cards to buy either more gold, more VP's or any one of ten special power cards ("kingdom cards") which are arranged in a display. Cards so purchased are placed into his deck for future draws. After the player has used a power from one of his special cards and purchased a card using his gold, then both used and unused cards from his hand are placed in his discard pile - to be recycled when his draw deck has been used up. In this way, players are consistently drawing five cards, taking actions, buying new cards, and then drawing more. Cards used - or not - are continually being recycled, but at a slower pace as his deck grows in size. When sufficient cards have been purchased, the game ends and the player with the most points in VP cards wins. This feature of continually drawing and renewing one's own deck, and building that deck on the fly is very original and the game plays like no other Eurogame. Because a player must, as a default, draw exactly five cards a turn and work with only those cards at any given time, the game requires a player not to maximize his assets with the most extensive display of powers possible. Instead, the game is about concentration. How can a player build a deck such that a random assortment of any five cards at a time be most powerful most consistently? What we see is that the cost of adding gold cards to his hand is disproportionately high with higher values of gold. Gold ca rds valued at (1) have no cost; those valued at (2) cost three, and those valued at (3) cost six. This seems counterintuitive until you realize that normally a deck consisting of all (1) value gold cards could never buy anything costing more than five (and then only rarely), while a deck of (3) value gold cards can much more easily accumulate brawny values used to purchase big VP cards or strong powers. In any given game, there are ten different kingdom cards to choose from, but the game comes with 25 unique decks, so that the smorgasboard of choices may be different with each game. Examples of powers in the set I used were ones that gave players extra actions and/or extra opportunities to buy cards. There were powers which allowed a player to add three cards into his hand (remember, they all recycle, so this is an alternative way of concentrating your hand), and ones which permitted gold cards to be upgraded to the next higher level. Player interaction is very limited and from what I saw came in two forms. One is that there are a few cards which enable a player to "attack" others, for example by forcing them to discard down to three cards, and other cards which enabled players to defend against such attacks. In my game, these were used sparingly because they don't really help you advance your agenda, and even a defensive card needs to "just happen to be" in your hand at the time of an attack for it to do any good. The other form of player interaction concerns the pace of the game. A strategy which relies on gradually building up a killer hand and then collecting VP's can be counteracted by a strategy which attempts to buy lots of cheap cards and end the game quickly. In practice, I don't believe that players gain from building up large decks because their powers are not cumulative. You're still drawing only five cards at a time. The value of a large powerful deck is that it is less diluted by VP cards. But an opponent cannot surprise you by ending the game. If other players switch into "collecting VP cards" mode, you can shift gears quickly. Certainly, the dynamic deck building of Dominion is original. Adding to the freshness of the game is the way that 25 distinct decks of kingdom cards can be mixed and matched to create unique situations for the players. However, many players have compared this game with Tom Lehmann's " Race for the Galaxy "- with many fans stating their preference for the latter. If Dominion is unique - is the comparison reasonable? Looking at the ways that each game works sheds some light on what makes each game special - and also how very different mechanisms can be brothers under the skin. Like "Race for the Galaxy" and its predecessor " San Juan " by Andreas Seyfarth, Dominion is an economic game based entirely in cards. Each player collects cards which enable him to buy yet other cards, which add to a player's collection, giving him new powers and more victory points. One glaring difference which drives different approaches in each game is that in Race for the Galaxy, players are purchasing cards for a permanent display in front of them, while in Dominion, purchased cards simply enter a player's deck. The Race for the Galaxy player has assets which are continually growing, as each purchased card accumulates powers on top of those already present. Every new asset is a good thing. In Dominion, only a few cards are operating at any one time, and then they are quickly recycled and the player moves on to another set. It's good to have lots of kingdom cards because a hand dominated by VP's can't purchase anything new. It is also possible to select a variety of cards which are likely to interact in productive ways when they show up together. But the effectiveness of any deck is going to max out quickly as the best you can do is to get a handful of productive interactions and then move on to the next draw. Dominion requires a new kind of thinking - one in which more isn't always better. In Dominion, players begin the game by selecting ten different decks of power cards and those become the fixed choices throughout the game. In Race for the Galaxy, there is a single deck used in all games, but players must make choices from the cards they randomly draw throughout the game. The argument for replayability in Dominion is that with ten out of twenty five possible cards being used in a game, there are 3.3 million different possible combination. In Race for the Galaxy, there's only one. Yet Dominion has a hidden weakness. It lacks sufficient ability to surprise the players and force them to react to unanticipated challenges and opportunities. When a game forces a player to keep on his toes and potentially change his strategy substantially, I call it a Nervous System . In Dominion, the experienced player can survey the available cards, map out his strategy, and execute it. The degree to which cards interact in his hand will force tactical decisions, but not generally a rethinking of the plan. In comparison, Race for the Galaxy has only about 100 cards, but they are all (or nearly all) different, and their appearance at any time is entirely unpredictable. A player can set off down a particular path... and discover opportunities in his cards which tickle him into straying down a new path. Furthermore, because the player's actions depend both on his own choices and those of his opponents, he may find himself with unexpected opportunities to exploit. Dominion is a sufficiently short game that it isn't crippled by the lack of surprise. You can lay out a set of ten cards to start with - and for the next thirty minutes, maybe that's all the surprise you need. But it is a limitation that's in the game's structure. Like a mechanical dog which has dozens of interchangable parts, there is lots of potential variety, but after a while I suspect that players may find that underneath it all, it still always barks to the same cues. Time will tell. It's been a long time since I've contributed to this Journal; the last article appeared over six months ago. That's just wrong. I have been working on an article - about the "Frustration Factor" in games. However, work and writer's anxiety have been pushing it out and out and... It's a tricky thing to create an article about types of game mechanisms because the subject is so vague. Worse, any given topic seems to be so br oad that I keep writing when I ought to just wrap it up. So in an effort to get the train moving again, I'm offering a sort of article that I've specifically avoided in the past. Game reviews. OK - This is not your father's game review. It's not even Schloesser or Vasel's game review. It's a game review JBD style. 1) The focus is on the game mechanics. Expect little or no discussion about the theme or components. 2) Game mechanics are described in their most essential form. There will be no rehash of all the rules, but instead a focus on the handful of mechanisms that drive the game and the decisions they offer. 3) I may provide only a passing mention of whether I think the game is good. Don't expect a buyer's guide. More emphasis will be placed on what mechanics are innovative or effective and why. In most cases I only had a chance to play the game once. One reason I've avoided writing reviews in the past is that there are so many of them out there already. Tossing another one onto the net seems redundant. However, I had the good fortune to attend BoardGameGeek.con and had a chance to play many new games which I know there's lots of curiosity about. I'm going to limit each post to a single review. This will hopefully make it easier for people searching for information about a given game to find it, and will also keep each post to a manageable length. My hope is to publish a new review every three or four days. Here goes.... SYLLA by Dominque Ehrhard Ehrhard used to be a considerable force in Eurogame design, but he hasn’t been on the gamer’s game radar for a while. When they came out, I had great enthusiasm for both Condottiere and Serenissima , but those are over ten years old. Sylla is released by Ystari, and it has their fingerpri nts all over it. It appeals to gamers, and has oodles of features that feel familiar – competing auctions, income generating tokens, food shortages- and it offers situations where scarce resources must be carefully allocated among competing needs. The driving mechanism is that players each start with several character cards, and will get to add another to their hand in each game turn. Each character has one to three colored symbols (red/blue/yellow) and potentially an additional special power. After adding a n ew character at the beginning of each game turn, players may use thes e in any of several auctions for tiles which grant benefits. Each auction is color coded, so a character with a red symbol m ay only be used in a “red” auction, while a character with all three may be used in any of them (but may only be “spent” once) – the three c olors make him three times more flexible but not three times more valuable. Among the other assets that players take – each turn and also potentially from winning auctions – are disks in any of three colors. These disks will have varying values at the end of the game. Players also earn money every game turn and also take income from certain tiles and from one of the characters. The most original phase comes in the election to suppress bad events. Four events are dealt out, and two of them will occur each turn. Now, unspent cards with the appropriate special power (the soldier in the upper left, and the rather matriarchal looking "vestal virgin" in the upper right) may contribute to influence these events. (The first event card, on the right, may receive votes from both soldiers and Virgins, the one below it only accepts votes from Virgins. The two events receiving the fewest suppressing votes are the ones that occur, and these may cause the values of certain chips to drop, or may cause a certain type of character card to become out of play for several turns. Finally, players may convert money into VP’s. Sometimes this is through an auction and sometimes at a fixed price. From the description you’ll see that there is nothing glaringly innovative here. There are auctions in multiple “currencies”. The auction to control events is similar to that found in Rieneck and Stadler's " Cuba ". In Cuba though, a single player selects the “laws” while in Sylla the votes are aggregated among players. The varying values of the colored chips is similarly a commonly found market mechanism. In spite of this, I found Sylla to be greater than the sum of its parts. There are A LOT of mechanisms in play each game turn, but all are reasonably familiar so the game is easy to learn. One aspect of the game I appreciated is the fact that a given character typically can either be spent in the auction for tiles OR provide income OR be applied to a subsequent voting process. So many different sorts of needs are competing for the attention of your very limited resources. Since the special powers differ from card to card, the selection of characters becomes a strategic consideration. It is not the same as having a bunch of money and many places tospend it. Every card has only select places where it can be used. An urgent need to come up with another red dot may force you to spend a card you were hoping to hold back – for yet another urgent need. Example of six tiles up for auction in a given turn. Note that the first two only accept "red" cards, the next two only "yellow" and the last only "blue". The winner of each auction chooses the tile to auction next. Sylla's variety of character types and colors, its pricing mechanisms for colored discs, and its multiple distinct phases create plenty of opportunities to let players try out different strategies. Does one concentrate in order to maintain strength, or diversify in order to have flexibility? If you focus on earning lots of tiles, you may earn many discs - but if you ignore the events, then other players may drive the value of your discs way down. Another strategic decision lies in how many of your characters should be "Christian" as symbolized by the fish symbol. At the end game, all Christian cards gain bonus VP's. The down side is that certain events can cause your Christians to remain out of play for one or more game turns. An over reliance on such cards can cripple your play indefinitely. There are also good situational issues that arise. You might expect to win a valuable tile by committing two cards. If forced to bid three, do you commit a card that you wanted to use in the event phase? Every game turn has seven phases with perhaps ten individual auctions, but the game doesn't come off as a repetitive auction fest. For one, the types of things being auctioned tend to vary throughout the turn, and so do the m ethods used. The auction for tiles is a traditional sequential auction, while the bid to control events is more of a majority control type of play. Additionally, the various "currencies" are in short supply, so auctions don't overstay their welcome. Players might have at most four red cards to compete in a red tile auction, and all assets are public. The auction plays out tactically. Do I want to commit everything to guarantee getting what I want - or do I hold back a smidgen to at least drive the price up and maybe get a bargain? Each auction is over quickly and there is little downtime. I enjoyed my one play of Sylla. The play was certainly very familiar, but while the game may have lacked focus, the variety of arenas to compete in kept the game changing and engaging. Players who have appreciated the rock solid reliability and Euro-ishness of other Ystari games such as Amyitis and Caylus are likely to welcome another recognizable member of the family. Printer friendly "So what is this game about?" is the natural first question you might ask when someone brings out a new board game for you to try. That question can have one of two answers, depending on the angle you look at the game from: theme or mechanics. "The game spans 1500 years of Egyptian history. You goal is to influence Pharoahs, build monuments, farm on the Nile, and advance the culture of the people in an attempt to appease the god of the Sun." "Okay, but what is the game about?" "It is a set collecting and auction game. There is a wide variety of tiles that you'll collect, which combine in myriad ways to score points. On your turn, you'll decide whether to add one more tile to the pool, or to auction off the ones already there. Your goal is to collect those tiles which will be most valuable to you, prevent your opponents from getting too many tiles valuable to them. " Either of the above is a reasonable description of Reiner Knizia's " Ra ". Since this is the Journal of Boardgame Design, I'm interested almost 100% in the latter. Either description could reasonably be called the game's "theme", but in practice "theme" has come to mean the historical context in which the game supposedly takes place. The designer drapes a bunch of mechanisms around the theme, and he has a game. Maybe the mechanisms are closely tied to the theme and often, in Eurogames, they aren't. A game, at its best, is more than a bunch of mechanisms. It is a coherent system of mechanisms with a theme of its own. Let's call this theme that summarizes the system of mechanisms the game concept . There is nothing to prevent a game built from a bunch of connected mechanisms from being lots of fun, but I think that having a strong game concept takes the game up a level. It helps to focus the players' goals. It adds meaning to the game apart from the theme. It defines the game. "Players choose among a series of actions which help them to score points, gain resources, or avoid catastrophes. The more you are able to take the same action during the game, the more valuable it becomes. The trick is that in each turn, a player is presented with three possible actions, and he must decide which one to play, and which ones to make available to the players to his left." - Notre Dame I enjoy explaining game rules, and I always introduce the game by first describing the game concept. Every rule has a role in supporting the game concept. If players can wrap the whole idea of the game around their heads, then all the individual rules ought make sense. Players can sit down and get to work at trying to win. If they can't get the game concept, then most likely you'll see the "deer in the headlights" look. "Okay, you explained the game to me but... what am I supposed to do?" The issue of game concept surfaced when I recently first played " Amyitis " by Cyril Demaegd . On any given turn, a player will take one of five different actions. The Merchant and Peasant each give you distinct types of resources. The Engineer gives you immediate points and a shot at a majority battle, for more points, on the main part of the board. The Priest lets you take part in a different majority battle in a small part of the board, which help you win more points or resources depending on where you choose to play. Finally you may move the caravan - in which you spend the resources you earned elsewhere to earn: points from cards, income, faster caravan movement, or the ability to earn points on the main board, which in turn is limited by choices made by players who chose the Engineer earlier in the game. Deep breath. So the game Amyitis is about... I'm not sure. Cyril Demaegd has a defense of the structure of Amyitis which is worth reading. He described it as having a "star structure" rather than a "line structure". I think I understand his point. Some games, ones with a linear structure, have their elements lined up like dominoes. The first one effects the next one, and so on down, until the last mechanism which affects the victory conditions. " Power Grid " by Friedmann Friese is an example of this. You buy power plants, which give you capacity to use fuel. You buy fuel that fills your plants, and together they can power your cities. You extend your network of cities, which when powered give you victory points, as well as income that feeds the entire cycle for the next game turn. What I think is meant by a "star structure" might correspond to what Americans call a "wagon wheel" or "hub and spoke" structure. There is a core mechanism and several secondary mechanisms. The secondary mechanisms may be independent, but they all affect the core mechanism. The problem is that there is no core mechanism in Amyitis. The garden, which does take up the most physical space on the game board, really turns out to be just another way of scoring points that is not obviously more important than any other. Here's my picture of the Amyitis structure, which looks more like the floor plan from a spy movie than a wagon wheel. From all this, it may come as a surprise when I say that I think Amyitis is a hell of a lot of fun. There are some very clever mechanisms in the game, and notwithstanding the nightmare diagram above, the interrelationships play well. However, playing Amyitis is a little like playing with sand. It can be lots of fun, but there is nothing to hold on to. A strong game concept doesn't make a game good. It makes 
 ZIL-131 with a radar set (?) on Bolshoy Solovetsky Island August 2009 ЗИЛ-131 с локатором на Соловецком острове Август 2009 Samara, Russia. September 2009. Today, a gentleman named John left a comment on the Solovki &nbsp;post. &nbsp;The comment said: Absolutely beautiful&nbsp; picture . I'd love to go and see other countries and their cultures. This seemingly-innocuous sentence is actually a little trap — when you click on the word "picture", it takes you to John's gardening blog. &nbsp;Why does John want you to go to his blog? &nbsp;To create a possibility of you clicking on an ad, so John can make some passive income. &nbsp;He also gets a little boost from the search engines by having a one-way link from a hugely popular resource (proof: google "terry gross x ira glass" ). I wouldn't have minded if John simply left a URL. &nbsp;It's the trickery that basically makes me feel like I'm letting a total scumbag crash on my couch, possibly forever. I don't want to moderate comments, it just seems to kind of defeat the purpose of the internet. So I decided to disable links in comments. &nbsp;Well, you can't — Blogger doesn't have such an option. It's really not that hard though, it's not like comments are graffiti — it's just HTML. So I added some special magic codes to replace an anchor tag with its text. I figure if a commenter's intentions are pure, he'll probably leave an actual URL, in which case the reader will have to select the link and paste it into a new tab's navigation bar. &nbsp;Commenters with impure intentions — ones that try to trick my readers into clicking ads on their gardening blogs — will leave us with possible non sequiturs. &nbsp;In John's case, the special magic codes simply turn him into an extra super-nice internet guy. Solovetsky Monastery , August 2009 Соловецкий монастырь , август 2009 LuAZ in Moscow, September 2009. Near Petrovsko-Razumovskaya Metro station. ЛуАЗ-969М «Волынь». 
TreeHugger has a post on the expanding popularity of survivalist culture in the US - Survivalism is the New Black . Survivalism used to be the preserve of wingnuts who believed in black helicopters and the New World Order; now it has gone positively mainstream. John wrote previously about Survivalist Green; Now the New York Times picks up the story. Cormac McCarthy's The Road and Will Smith in I am Legend have described it, while climate change, peak oil and Katrina are making a much broader spectrum of society prepare for it. Writing in the Times, Alex Williams quotes Barton M. Biggs, the former chief global strategist at Morgan Stanley: People should “assume the possibility of a breakdown of the civilized infrastructure.Your safe haven must be self-sufficient and capable of growing some kind of food,” It should be well-stocked with seed, fertilizer, canned food, wine, medicine, clothes, etc. Think Swiss Family Robinson. Even in America and Europe there could be moments of riot and rebellion when law and order temporarily completely breaks down.” Most surprising survivalist in the article: Alex Steffen of Worldchanging: One left-of-center environmentalist who is taking action is Alex Steffen, the executive editor of www.Worldchanging.com, a Web site devoted to sustainability. With only slight irony, Mr. Steffen, 40, said he and his girlfriend could serve as “poster children for the well-adjusted, urban liberal survivalist,” given that they keep a six-week cache of food and supplies in his basement in Seattle (although they polished off their bottle of doomsday whiskey at a party). He said the chaos following Hurricane Katrina served as a wake-up call for him and others that the government might not be able to protect them in an emergency or environmental crisis. “The ‘where do we land when climate change gets crazy?’ question seems to be an increasingly common one,” said Mr. Steffen in an e-mail message, adding that such questions have “really gone mainstream.” <!-- Technology Review has an article on smarter electric vehicles charges, claiming "the devices could help stabilize the grid, and make charging electric cars cheaper" - Smarter Chargers for Electric Vehicles . This spring, GE will start selling a line of "smart charging stations," devices that communicate with utilities to optimize charging, for electric vehicles. The technology could be key to ensuring that electric cars don't strain the power grid, and it could cut down on consumer electricity bills. Eventually, because the charging stations could help stabilize the grid, they could allow utilities to rely more on intermittent renewable sources of energy such as solar and wind power. The GE products come as automakers introduce a new wave of electric vehicles. GM, Nissan and Ford, for example, plan to start selling electric vehicles this year, and others will follow. While other companies already offer electric vehicle chargers, GE's products could be important because they're made to work with the rest of the company's "smart grid" infrastructure, which stretches from the power plant, through the grid, all the way to smart appliances in the home. The company also has close relationships to utilities, which could speed adoption. Electric cars could eventually have a big impact on electricity use--charging a plug-in vehicle would account for about 30 percent of a typical household's electricity bill, says Michael Kintner-Meyer, a senior research scientist at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Richland, WA. (He helped develop a smart charger for electric vehicles, which PNNL has made available for licensing.) If too many people decide to charge their cars during times of peak electricity use, it could force utilities to use expensive and often dirty "peaking" power plants to meet demand, or even threaten power outages. Smart chargers could solve this problem. At the simplest level, GE's chargers would let owners program their cars to delay charging until the middle of the night, when demand is low. As more utilities start to use "time-of-day pricing," when they'd charge less for electricity in the middle of the night, for example, this feature could save customers money. But the chargers can also respond to real-time price signals sent by utilities to GE's smart meters, which are now being installed in some homes. These signals would trigger changes in charging, making it possible for electric vehicles to serve as a buffer, smoothing out variations in supply and demand. <!-- The Age has an article on cogeneration / fuel cell company Ceramic Fuel Cells (an area attracting much attention in the wake of the unveiling of the Bloom Box ) - Fuel cells a tough sell in a coal-fired economy . IF YOU are flicking on a light switch in Melbourne today, there is a 96 per cent chance you are buying electricity generated more than 100 kilometres away, beneath a Latrobe Valley smokestack. It is a cheap way to set up an electricity system, but hugely inefficient. An estimated 75 per cent of the energy generated at Hazelwood and Yallourn is lost as heat or used onsite. Another 5 per cent is lost during transmission and distribution. It means only about 20 per cent of the energy ends up making the distance. The electrons firing your bulb are also environmentally unfriendly, coming from decades-old technology that burns brown coal, the most greenhouse gas intensive major power source. The replacement for this ''dirty'' power in coming years may not be what most expect - initially large-scale gas plants supplemented by wind farms, with solar thermal and geothermal hopefully to follow. It could also come from a box about the size of a small washing machine that sits down the side of your house. This, at least, is the line of Ceramic Fuel Cells, the company behind the solid oxide fuel cell technology known as BlueGen. Based in Noble Park, it is said to produce enough power in a year to run a standard home more than twice over. BlueGen creates electricity and heat by passing natural gas over ceramic fuel cells. According to Ceramic Fuel Cells managing director Brendan Dow it is 85 per cent efficient and cuts the average home's annual carbon dioxide emissions by 18 tonnes. ''At the moment they are about $25,000 to $30,000 installed but I predict within the next three to four years they should be $10,000,'' Dow says. ''But this is misleading, really. They will be like a mobile phone, where you don't pay for the handset, you just pay for the contract. Here, you won't pay for the BlueGen unit, just for the gas.'' It is a big call. Just 30 BlueGen units have been sold to date - and just four in Australia. The majority of sales have been in Germany, which is better prepared for decentralised electricity generation after years of the government generously promoting rooftop solar photovoltaic panels. But Ceramic Fuel Cells is now approaching an important turning point. It expects safety approval by a Netherlands rating agency in the next three weeks, making large-scale installation much easier. It has signed deals with a handful of European companies, opened a manufacturing plant near Dusseldorf and employs 80 people in Melbourne. Premier John Brumby opened the Noble Park plant last May, and has been vocally supportive. Dow spruiks a bright future: "We will be cash-flow positive by next year. We're only planning on selling a couple of hundred this year, but the plan is to sell up to a couple of thousand next year." The question Ceramic Fuel Cells poses for policy makers is: does an innovative low-emissions technology that emits less carbon dioxide than brown coal deserve public help to become cost-effective? In the US, fuel cells are the flavour of the month thanks to some heavyweight support for a silicon fuel cell known as the "Bloom Box". Launched last month by California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, it boasts Google as its first customer and has been backed by eBay, Wal-Mart and Coc-Cola. The rhetoric at the US launch was expansive. Schwarzenegger said the fuel cell technology was "shaping the future of energy". For the moment, Bloom and BlueGen are operating on a different scale - one fridge-sized Bloom Box unit generates enough power to run a street block and costs up to $US800,000 ($A874,300). Ceramic Fuel Cells sees a bright future in Europe, but is less certain about a cautious Australian market still hooked on coal. It is lobbying hard to get the Victorian government to add it to a list of technologies that utilities are obligated to buy electricity from. "Not having that is why we've backed off in Australia," Dow says. "That's the single biggest hurdle to commercialisation in Australia." <!-- The New Statesman has a slightly harsh review of James Cameron's "Avatar" (though not as harsh as John Pilger's ) and a similar story evolving in India (minus the cool floating mountains) - Return of the natives . James Cameron's Avatar tells the story of a disabled ex-marine, sent from earth to infiltrate a race of blue-skinned aboriginal people on a distant planet and persuade them to let his employer mine their homeland for natural resources. Through a complex biological manipulation, the hero's mind gains control of his "avatar", in the body of a young aborigine. These aborigines are deeply spiritual and live in harmony with nature (they can plug a cable that sticks out of their body into horses and trees to communicate with them). Predictably, the marine falls in love with a beautiful aboriginal princess and joins the aborigines in battle, helping them to throw out the human invaders and saving their planet. At the film's end, the hero transposes his soul from his damaged human body to his aboriginal avatar, thus becoming one of them. Given the 3-D hyperreality of the film, with its combination of real actors and animated digital corrections, Avatar should be compared to films such as Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988) or The Matrix (1999). In each, the hero is caught between our ordinary reality and an imagined universe - of cartoons in Roger Rabbit, of digital reality in The Matrix, or of the digitally enhanced everyday reality of the planet in Avatar. What one should thus bear in mind is that, although Avatar's narrative is supposed to take place in one and the same "real" reality, we are dealing - at the level of the underlying symbolic economy - with two realities: the ordinary world of imperialist colonialism on the one hand, and a fantasy world, populated by aborigines who live in an incestuous link with nature, on the other. (The latter should not be confused with the miserable reality of actual exploited peoples.) The end of the film should be read as the hero fully migrating from reality into the fantasy world - as if, in The Matrix, Neo were to decide to immerse himself again fully in the matrix. ...Avatar's fidelity to the old formula of creating a couple, its full trust in fantasy, and its story of a white man marrying the aboriginal princess and becoming king, make it ideologically a rather conservative, old-fashioned film. Its technical brilliance serves to cover up this basic conservatism. It is easy to discover, beneath the politically correct themes (an honest white guy siding with ecologically sound aborigines against the "military-industrial complex" of the imperialist invaders), an array of brutal racist motifs: a paraplegic outcast from earth is good enough to get the hand of abeautiful local princess, and to help the natives win the decisive battle. The film teaches us that the only choice the aborigines have is to be saved by the human beings or to be destroyed by them. In other words, they can choose either to be the victim of imperialist reality, or to play their allotted role in the white man's fantasy. At the same time as Avatar is making money all around the world (it generated $1bn after less than three weeks of release), something that strangely resembles its plot is taking place. The southern hills of the Indian state of Orissa, inhabited by the Dongria Kondh people, were sold to mining companies that plan to exploit their immense reserves of bauxite (the deposits are considered to be worth at least $4trn). In reaction to this project, a Maoist (Naxalite) armed rebellion exploded... <!-- The Australian has a report on some of the concerns being raised about the coal seam gas boom in Queensland - Methane bonanza not for all . WHILE international business is starting to take a closer interest in Queensland's fledgling liquefied natural gas industry, farmers on the Darling Downs, where the gas will be extracted, don't see much upside in having 30,000 oil wells springing up in their paddocks. There are four big proposals for extraction of coal seam methane gas, predominantly from the western Darling Downs region. These proposals involve piping the gas to Gladstone, where it is liquefied before being exported. Energy giants British Gas and Santos have projects under examination, and this week Shell sought to increase its presence by making a takeover offer for Origin Energy, which has vast reserves of coal-seam methane on the downs in the area known as the Surat Basin. The Queensland government talks longingly of how LNG can save the Queensland economy. Premier Anna Bligh and Treasurer Andrew Fraser say the industry can bring 18,000 jobs, investment of $40 billion, an increase of $3bn in gross state product, and $850 million in royalties alone each year. All this plus a better environmental outcome, as gas-fired power stations are considerably more greenhouse-friendly than coal-fired ones. Origin Energy's gas-fired power station on the Darling Downs is due to be commissioned over the next few months. But what the politicians and the big companies are coy about is the effect all this activity will have on the land from which the coal-seam gas is extracted. Having four LNG projects go ahead in Gladstone will mean that about 30,000 small wells will have to be dug back in the Surat Basin west of Brisbane. Each well will occupy an area of about 20sq m on the ground, and these 30,000 wells will have to be linked by a network of pipelines, with two pipes to carry away the water and the gas that is extracted. From the wells, each company will have several smaller processing plants that will undertake a preliminary refining of the gas before it is put into a larger pipeline that runs north, away from crowded southeast Queensland and towards the coast at the port of Gladstone, where the north side of the harbour has been set aside as the designated LNG refining area. There are two main areas where the gas will be extracted, the Surat Basin and the Bowen Basin, west of Gladstone. While few of the 30,000 wells are on quality agricultural land, farmers are still worried about their impact. It's not only the wells and pipes (which will be underground), it's also the roads and tracks that need to be built to service the wells. <!-- The Warrnambool Standard has an article on a large new wind farm that may be built in Victoria - Plans for Southern Hemisphere's biggest windfarm revealed . A NEW player in the south-west wind energy market is preparing to launch a major project near Penshurst. Res Australia has confirmed its interest in building turbines on farmland near the small community, with executives to meet local residents in the next eight weeks. The Department of Primary Industries website lists the farm as capable of generating up to 625 megawatts of electricity, allowing it to support more than 350,000 homes. It would dwarf an $800 million, 365-megawatt development to be built near Macarthur and create hundreds of jobs in a region embracing renewable energy opportunities. Test towers have been installed on district properties to establish the strength and consistency of wind for power generation as further preparatory work continues. Res Australia developer Simon Kerrison said the company hoped to progress its plans within nine months. "We're still in the early stages; we're doing initial studies and surveys just to make sure the project is viable in the area," he said. While unable to confirm the farm's likely output, Mr Kerrison said Res had deemed early results strong enough to warrant closer investigation. A 625-megawatt wind farm would be among the largest in the world, joining massive operations in the US and Romania. <!-- Time has an article on the (long rumoured ) presence of substantial amounts of oil in East Africa - Is East Africa the Next Frontier for Oil? . According to local lore, Portuguese travelers as far back as the late 19th century suspected that oil might lie beneath parts of East Africa after noticing a thick, greasy sediment wash up on the shores of Mozambique. More interested in finding cheap labor, though, the explorers had little use for oil. A century later, it turns out that the Portuguese were right. Seismic tests over the past 50 years have shown that countries up the coast of East Africa have natural gas in abundance. Early data compiled by industry consultants also suggest the presence of massive offshore oil deposits. Those finds have spurred oil explorers to start dropping more wells in East Africa, a region they say is an oil and gas bonanza just waiting to be tapped, one of the last great frontiers in the hunt for hydrocarbons. "I and a lot of other people in oil companies working in East Africa have long been convinced that it's the last real high-potential area in the world that hasn't been fully explored," says Richard Schmitt, chief executive of Black Marlin Energy, a Dubai-based East Africa oil prospector. "It seems, for a variety of geopolitical reasons, that more than anything else, it's been neglected over the last several decades. Most of those barriers are currently being lowered or [have] disappeared altogether." Few have wanted to pay the cost of searching for oil or gas in the region, or risk drilling wells in volatile countries such as Uganda, Mozambique or Somalia. But better technology, lower risk in some of the countries and higher oil prices in recent years have changed the equation. Wildcatters and majors such as Italy's Eni, Petronas of Malaysia and China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) have all moved on East Africa in the past few years. They're hoping to mimic London-based Tullow Oil, which discovered some 2 billion bbl. of oil in landlocked Uganda over the past four years. Last month, Texas-based oil company Anadarko Petroleum Corp. announced that it had tapped a giant reservoir of natural gas off the coast of Mozambique. "Anadarko's find went off like a bomb here in Houston," says Robert Bertagne, a Texas-based oil wildcatter. "It was, 'Wow, we are finding large quantities of gas, and that means we have hydrocarbons in the area.' Once you have a discovery, more people are going to go in there." (See pictures of oil fires.) Much of East Africa's hopes are focused on a fault line running from Somalia to Madagascar known as the Davie Fracture Zone. It's there that Bertagne's analysis — using Cold War–era sea-floor mapping originally intended for use by Soviet submarines — has prompted speculation about oil deposits rivaling those of the North Sea or Middle East. There's still a lot that's unknown: North Africa has seen 20,000 wells sunk over the past few decades, while drillers have sunk 14,000 wells in and off West Africa. In East Africa, the total is about 500 wells. <!-- WorldWatch has a look at the slowly declining nuclear power industry - World Nuclear Generation Stagnates . For the second year in a row, global nuclear generating capacity has dropped slightly, reaching 370.9 gigawatts (GW) at the end of 2009. Just over 1 GW of capacity was added during the year, as India and Japan each connected a new plant to the grid. At the same time, Japan closed two reactors and Lithuania one, so there were 2,506 GW worth of shutdowns. While installed capacity has been virtually flat for the past five years, construction starts surged in 2009 thanks to a burst of activity in China. Altogether, construction began on 11 nuclear power reactors in 2009, the highest number since 14 units were started in 1985. Some 56 nuclear reactors are now officially being built—but 13 of these have been “under construction” for more than 20 years, and 26 reactors have encountered “construction delays.” As noted, 3 nuclear reactors were permanently closed in 2009, bringing the total number of decommissioned units to 126, representing a retired nuclear capacity of nearly 40 GW. The average age of all decommissioned reactors is 22 years. Hamaoka 1 and 2, the two reactors that were shut down in Japan, were originally damaged by a 2007 earthquake that struck while they were undergoing safety-related upgrades. The cost of seismic retrofitting of these two reactors was so high that the operator, Chubu Electric, decided to close them permanently and plans to build a single large reactor to replace them by 2018. <!-- 
The sequel to high and dry posted some months ago. Yet another fantastic village church, this one is in Grindon and on this day was at the limit that i could drive to with out getting stuck. A very cold winters morning on the side of Rudyard lake View of a refurbish cottage on the road at the front of the Roaches Another shot of the hut, this time including the fantastic view it has got. Sitting waiting for the snow to go, at the back of the cement works. Still clearing out the snowy shot, this one is from Boxing day and was taken down stream from 3 Shires head. Another Keepers cottage, this one on the canal out side Denford. 
 An Ode to Women in Technology This post is part of Ada Lovelace Day , in honor of women excelling in technology. Quick. Who was the first computer programmer? Pause... The answer: Ada Lovelace She wrote the first "program" for Charles Babbage's analytical engine. Babbage conceived the idea only to perform calculations, but Lovelace saw beyond that purpose to the possibility that that first "computer" could calculate Bernoulli numbers.- My decade-plus in the technology world has showered me with blessings. One of these is the women that have guided and inspired me. Here are a few that I want to thank profusely for their guidance, support, and inspiration: Michelle opened the door. Lisa illuminates just how big the world can be. Liz inspires with her burning intelligence and amazing poise. Cyd shows how art, spiritual, and professional life coexist. Christina creates new worlds with her ability to reinvent herself. Kit helps me see the practical path and how to plot my own. Stephanie embodies true wisdom, creativity, and focus. And, last, but not least, thanks to Mom for being completely open. Without her example, no doubt that it would be far more difficult to recognize the amazing women that surround me. At the IA Summit this past week in Memphis, it was brought to our attention that the UX community is blessed to have so many women that actively lead our practice. I thank my lucky stars every day. -The analytical engine was never built, but let's not blame Lovelace for the failure of the men around her. Photo credit: Thanks to kpwerker for her great Flickr photo . In his 2007 TED talk, Michael Pollan discusses the arc that has taken him from his garden to his truly illuminatory set of books (from Botany of Desire to In Defense of Food ) and what he has learned about our relationship with nature and our food. Why is this here? It reflects where we go wrong in designing our organizations. We attempt set up a system where we take people and insert them into a machine that is designed to bend their will to a strategy. There are capital inputs, information, and time. The people and technology output goods and/or services, receive the revenue, pay the bills, and take care of the customers. This sounds great, until in practice you realize that the strategy decided on by the executive leadership loses it's effectiveness at the front lines, except for rare cases. (Southwest Airlines comes to mind here.) Check out this key point from Pollan: [Another TED talk on ethanol] helped me understand industrial agriculture, which of course is a Cartesian system. It's based on this idea of that we bend other species to our will, and that we are in charge, and that we create these factories, and we have these technological inputs and we get the food out of it or the fuel or whatever we want. [tells an amazing story about the Salatin PolyFace permaculture farm] This is a different way to think about nature. And a way to get away from zero sum notion, from the Cartesian idea that nature's winning, or we're winning. Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Next Dilemma , TED, March 2007 What Salatin does is create a situation where his animals and the grass that they graze on maximize their "desires" and, in turn, produce a truly incredible bounty of food with respect to the amount of land and the investment put into it. The cows are not slammed into a barn, given a bunch of corn (which is not good for them), shot up with antibiotics, and fattened until they are "market-ready." Rather, they are moved from small plot to small plot, grazing on brand new delicious grass that they is there desired delicacy. Chickens then follow them into that same plot a few days later, feed on their delicacy (fat maggots), and they defecate as they scatter the cow manure across the lot - which acts as fertilizer for the grass. Amazingly, the grass itself contributes to this cycle. It was tall, just before the cows enter the plot. After they leave, it sheds much of it's root system (due to the root-shoot ratio). Fungi, worms, and the like digest the dead roots into new soil. Just a few weeks later, the grass is again luxurious and tall, ready for the next cycle. Businessfolk would do well to take a close look at these methods. We can continue to scale our organizations based on executive strategy, adding more capital and more people to execute the decisions of the central structure. The problem with that approach is that the changing relationship of the organization to its capital and the importance of engaging your employees and customers at a more basic level (similar to meeting the desires of the cows, grass, and chickens) are changing. My gut tells me that the answer lies in creating organizations that satisfy all the parts like Salatin's farm does. You might think of the executives as the farmer, the cows and chickens as the employees, and the grass (and animal feed) as the capital inputs. The customers are the same ones who want a Polyface chicken so badly that they drive out to the farm to pick it up. (To read more about the farm, check out the excerpt from The Omnivore's Dilemma on Mother Jones .) Why should we care about this? Well, as a designer, I've run into too many situations where organization were ill-suited to ingesting and assimilating what the customers and employees really need to be fully engaged. This is not a knock on any executive, manager, or employee. Rather, it's just the truth of how the information flows and responsibility distributed in most organizations today. Through methods like mental models , we can get into the thought processes of all involved and figure out where disconnects or misunderstandings lie. I am building a practice around these models and how they can align an organization's resources and people in way most effective for both the company and the customers. I hope you'll come back at some point as I explore these and similar issues in ways that show why such a practice is necessary and how it can be carried out. Jeremiah Owyang, indomitable social media analyst, absolutely nails why large organizations will find it very, very difficult to allow the level of transparency and real interaction necessary to evolve their businesses (both strategy and operations) as the face of market and internal communications continues to evolve. He distinguishes three "impossible" conversations: asking for feedback, saying positive things about [their] competitors, and admitting [they] were wrong. Asking for feedback is fine, but most organizations are not at all set up to actually listen, ingest the feedback, and decide whether or how to address the issue. Employees are at the breaking point already. "Productivity" in most organizations means employees are left with precious little time to adjust to new ideas unless they come from management or from within carefully managed feedback channels. Some employees may be able to get ahead or ignore some of their work and find ways to try new things. These mavericks should be rewarded. Social technologies (wikis, blogs, social networks) can help, but unless they are used in concert, it's difficult to use them effectively. Imagine a symphony without a conductor where the musicians are all playing different music at the same time or, in well-run organizations, the same music to different rhythms. Experience allows me to understand why saying positive things about [their] competitors is so difficult, but I wish there was a way to show the larger organizational consciousness why this fear is more destructive than anything. Companies use ideas from their competitors all the time, so not giving deserved kudos is paramount to denigrating many of that company's own ideas. Market results display an organization's effectiveness, so stop being afraid to show some appreciation of those with whom you share industry space. Jeremiah makes this excellent point: Customers aren’t stupid. In fact, they know who your competition is, and they talk amongst each other. Most companies are not actually part of the conversation, but mostly adjacent to it. In that position, they will miss some critical piece of intelligence. Right now, the status quo might be holding, but the effort required to use the same channels for marketing, customer service, and institutional knowledge is growing. Sooner or later, this self-imposed ignorance will come back to haunt them. Admitting [they] were wrong is difficult for everyone at turns, yet most individuals let their guards down at some point. Yes, organizations have to worry about legal culpability, but in the end they MUST learn to understand that, if they are up front and act quickly when mistakes occur, the likelihood that customers will be furious enough to sue is greatly reduced. And, if they do, then the problem hasn't been resolved. None of these conversations are easy, nor are large organizations the only holdouts. Even individuals and small companies screw them up all the time. However, the pressures to really listen and speak honestly are becoming ever more critical to connect people both inside and outside of the organization. Here are two sentences that capture where I am at the moment: [O]rganizations have simply lost a sense of what it actually means to be creative. For some reason, thinking and speaking are accepted as more important work than thinking and making. Chris Conley of Gravity Tank , in discussion with Adaptive Path's Henning Fischer Does this apply only to organizations? Looking at the amazing people that surround us, I'm struck by how much effort the design community expends in talking, blogging, and documenting every little thought and experience we have. I'm just as guilty as anyone else,- maybe more so as the things going on around us tend to set me thinking and thinking and thinking... In the end, we are going to see some great transformations of work and life experience in the next several years. Gravity Tank is only one example of smart people having an impact far beyond the website. Right now, I'm dedicating myself to the making part for a while and looking forward to sharing what happens to my thinking and speaking as a result. That dedication has taken the form of joining CloudRaker , an amazing design and development agency in Montreal. Creative potential exists everywhere -- in every person, and as such in every organization -- but the current environment inhibits our ability to tease it into action. I will come out of this new experience not only re-grounded in making that happen, but also hope to do so in French. Here goes nothing! Happy holidays to everyone. - Yes, I know, not talking here, mostly in person. Maybe I should at least be typing. Stay tuned... Recently on the excellent bplusd blog, Jess interviews Brandon Schauer of Adaptive Path about designers' desire to contribute to the strategic discussion with business folks. I really like this statement, as it reflects a trend that I'm seeing (and may be guilty of myself): I think it gets reinforced by some people in the design community who make the leap from the fact that "I identify as a designer, and therefore I am a design thinker, and I can make these great strategic contributions if they’d only let me." There’s this note of almost entitlement that has crept into the design community. That’s something I’m particularly cautious about because I think that most designers aren ’t design thinkers yet because they don’t have the concrete fluency with business, and many visual designers don’t face the same constraints on actual usage that an interaction designer or industrial designer face. As designers, we get used to exploring possibilities and finding creative solutions, but we don't necessarily ever pay the price or see the real impact of what we create. I'm troubled by that note of entitlement, particularly from people who have added business vocabulary to their repertoire, expecting that to be enough. It's not enough . We must also take the time to truly understand what it means to make business decisions and deal every single day with the repercussi ons . - There is a reason that most business conversations include a healthy dose of reality checking, namely that in business, you make a decision, see how it worked, and make another. Designers can help widen the considered field of these decisions, but we must also be willing to see the constraints and know where to push the envelope. In some ways, the relationship between design and business is the same as that between design and technology. Design creates something; technology builds it. These relationships work far better when there is some involvement of the builders during design (and vice versa ) along with feedback once the building is complete and the result out in the ether. This conversation is why you often hear about "accountability" in post- mortems on software projects. (In fact, I should probably label that arrow as such. Let's imagine it for a moment.) So back to business and design. How do they relate to the design/build discussion? Well, instead of just being told what to design: Designers want input into the possible solutions to a problem. We need to learn to talk to each other better to make this work. At the IIT Strategy Conference (link from bplusd ), Roger Martin, dean of the Rotman School of Management in Toronto, gave a great talk about the approaches based on validity (design) versus reliability (business). He covers both what both designers and businesspeople can do to smooth communication and, therefore, benefit from a better working relationship. Schauer illustrates just how that might work with this anecdote from a recent project: We helped identify key metrics that people actually cared about that the web and the interactive marketing group could actually impact, and how can we calculate the impact that a potential project could have on those numbers. Suddenly, they are having this financial dialog, when before they were just talking about personas or user flows and things like that. So that really changed their relationship with the rest of the organization by being able to think through and articulate things in a way that was valued. Don't you want to have that same relationship with your colleagues, regardless of your perspective? We would all benefit from it. Check out the full interview , which includes many ways designers can get smarter about business. Hello, all! Though quiet the blog front be for me, the words flow ever more. Trust that, when I've something to say, it will appear in this exact space. If you catch me in person, I'll talk your ear off, to be sure. Portland was lovely, thank you very much. WebVisions plays mellower than the IA Summit, which I appreciated with my need to keep my mind on my presentation and enjoy my Portland friends. Jeremiah Owyang of Web-strategist.com and Podtech caught me in the hallway at the Portland Convention Center to ask me a few questions about how corporate managers can understand and leverage IAs in their work. Dissecting Big and Little IA on the fly was not an easy feat, but I enjoyed the conversation and the challenge. Thanks, Jeremiah! Also, Jaman continues to sprout happily . Over the last couple releases, we've made huge upgrades to the software, website, and the movie catalog. For those foreign film fans out there, look for many familiar classic and provocative movies coming online shortly. For more about Jaman and what we're attempting, see me blab further about Jaman on Lunchmeet . Also, Boxes &amp; Arrows hums along quite well. I generally act behind the curtain there, but plan on occasion to emerge with an article or two over the next few months. So, that's my story for now. Feel free to drop me a line and let me know what you're up to. Hey all, Back in minor self-promotion mode, I'll be speaking at WebVisions in Portland, May 3-4 on the how technology allows (or makes!) us step out of our comfort zone to follow our ideas into new places, connect with people with whom we can make them happen, and find real innovation in spite of the cynicism and inertia of entrenched institutions. I got the idea for this talk after seeing many friends going into business for themselves, hearing folks speak of such paths at the IA Summit , including Joshua Prince-Ramus amazing architecture projects . At WebVisions, I'll zoom out to explore what this might mean not only for Web professionals, but for the petri dishes of change (buzzword: innovation) in many facets of our lives. This is a conference that I've heard good things about previously, but this will be my first time attending. The lineup is an incredible mix of designers, coders, entrepreneurs, and strategists ( too many to detail here ). One talk I'll be watching closely is David Pescovitz' (of BoingBoing fame) thought about how info overload will be conquered . That intrigues me to no end. If you're going to be in Portland for WV, let me know! So as I noted a couple of posts ago, this year has gotten off to a very interesting start. First the articles on Boxes & Arrows and the IA Summit precon took things in a new direction, now film festival season rejuvenates the batteries. Along the way, another huge opportunity came a-knockin'. Liz Danzico the Great has handed over the B&amp;A Editor-in-Chief reigns to me, with Christina making the official announcement during 3-minute Madness at the Summit. Thanks, Christina, for trusting me with your baby. Finally, a bit more attention will be paid to how this blog communicates what I'm thinking. Those of you who know me well probably laugh at my posting frequency, as it's basically a minute fraction of my brain cycles. However, even those folks know that I'm quite considerate in my attempts to keep from creating noise. When I have something to say, I'll continue to show up. Taking a look at the postings I've been making and in recognition of these new currents, I'm making a small change to the blog title - from User eXperience to eXperience. Minutiae to be sure, but I feel better about that electronic visage. I still love the users, but I'm more interested in these days about the whole enchilada of relationships we need in our lives. My experience tells me that by facing just that one way (towards customers), user experience professionals do a disservice to the environments we want to help create -- where we discern how the web of relationships affects everyone involved, whether direct or indirect. This little change nods to where I'm going. Shall we? 
 The Hove Centre at Hove Town Hall All set - The revamped Brighton Vegan Fayre now the Eco Veggie Fayre in Hove is racked up and raring to go this weekend Numbers will be swelled by the Heather Mills media machine kicking in with a surprise announcement lined up. The show will be fetured in The Guardian on Saturday and ITV and BBC cameras are expected. Fun for all the family and a lot more than just buckets and trays of vegan puddings , cakes and desserts. More Vegan and Vegetarian News at Vegan News - Health, Diet and Nutrition News YouTube - Doctors Call for Health Reform Over half a million Doctors and Physicians have now joined President Barack Obama's call to change the US healthcare system that is being strangled by the insurance companies. More Vegan and Vegetarian News at Vegan News - Health, Diet and Nutrition News Vegans should be protected from discrimination, says equality watchdog - Telegraph The Telegraph Reports; Miss Harman’s proposed Equality Bill would not change the law on religious beliefs, but the Commission is drafting the code at the same time in order to help employers interpret existing legislation. The draft code, currently under consultation, singles out vegans, who do not eat animal products or wear leather, as meriting protection from religious discrimination. It says: “A person who is a vegan chooses not to use or consume animal products of any kind. That person eschews the exploitation of animals for food, clothing, accessories or any other purpose and does so out of an ethical commitment to animal welfare.”The code says the current definition of “belief” also included “a lack of belief”, giving protection to atheists. Tony says; If anything vegans have even more conviction, dedication and focus on their philosophy than many other followers of beliefs. Vegans would suffer the same if not more emotional distress as any member of a religious group if they were punished for their beliefs. Veganism is more altruistic too there's no dangling carrot of heaven or vahalla or threat of hell if you don't adhere. If you're Jewish and eat prawn and bacon sandwiches and work on the Sabbath you're still Jewish. If you are Catholic and wear condoms, commit adultery, eat bacon on Fridays, kill and maim people and work on a Sabbath you are still a Catholic. You can't eat bacon sandwiches any day of the week and still be a vegan! (unless it's Redwood's cheatin bacon) It's quite right that human rights and anti discrimination law should protect a group who are dedicated to selflessly trying to protect people, animals and the environment. More Vegan and Vegetarian News at Vegan News - Health, Diet and Nutrition News National Vegetarian Week 2010 new website National Vegetarian Week (NVW) is the annual awareness-raising campaign promoting inspirational vegetarian food and the benefits of a meat-free lifestyle. Celebrated by the Vegetarian Society since 1992, the Week is now an established event that gets bigger and better every year. What will you be doing for National Vegetarian Week this year? If you can't think of anything to do or haven't got time to organise anything, come to biggest National Vegetarian Week event the Bristol Vegan Fayre renamed and revamped as the Bristol Eco Veggie Fayre 29th and 30th May 2010 More Vegan and Vegetarian News at Vegan News - Health, Diet and Nutrition News Animal Aid: Vegan Easter Eggs and Chocolate Bunnies Do I spoil you or what? But Do I though? Yeayyyy! For all you fat bottoms out there who like, or used to like, Cadbury's creme eggs here is the vegan version. Yes that's right you heard me correctly, vegan Cadbury creme eggs! Catriona my daughter very generously sent me a big box of chocolates from Animal Aid and there was a creme egg in there with the package. After a few seconds to get over the excitement I bit the top off and devoured it there and then in a full frenzied chocoholic maniacal episode. Just to check it wasn't a dream, some viral induced halucinogenic attack, I checked the Animal Aid website and guess what ?? they have more - you can enjoy them too! Now you know what to get me for Easter! x PS They do Vegan Easter Bunnies too See www.animalaidshop.org.uk/easter.htm They also have this great new video that you can send to your non veggie friends to get them to think about Meat Free Mondays. www.animalaid.org.uk More Vegan and Vegetarian News at Vegan News - Health, Diet and Nutrition News Whats inside this month - Sainsburys - Try something new today This months UK supermarket chain Sainsbury's magazine challenges it's readers with the headline "So you think you know what a vegan looks like?" They showcase a "super fit and stylish new breed of vegans" Of course yours truly is there too............ More Vegan and Vegetarian News at Vegan News - Health, Diet and Nutrition News Brighton Eco Veggie Fayre - The UK's Best Veggie Fayre's - the biggest vegan veggie eco friendly family day out in the UK Be there or be square - come to the Vegetarian epicentre of the UK for what is promising to be even more fabtastic than last year - with catering by Heather Mills' new V Bites lunch should be a bit more reasonable than Brighton Centre's commercially suicidal effort last year. That's why it's been moved to Hove so expert ethical caterers can be brought in. The Brighton Eco Veggie Fayre March 20th 2010 at The Hove Centre Some of the UK’s finest veggie food producers gather together at the first ever Brighton Eco Veggie Fayre on Saturday March 20th from 11am – 6pm, with the organisers expecting thousands of people through the door to experience the delights of one of the UK’s fastest growing lifestyle choices – the veggie diet. Some choose to be veggie on health grounds, others because they are concerned about the welfare of animals, but a growing number of people from all backgrounds are going veggie for one reason only – the food! Veggie food has long since shed the earnest but rather dull hippy image of the 70’s, and with leading UK veggie caterers at the Brighton Eco Veggie Fayre including the likes of V Bites, Heather Mill’s flagship Hove based restaurant, alongside food producers with the likes of the award winning Fry’s and Redwood ranges available to sample free, there’s a huge choice to be had. ‘Visitors to the show will be spoilt for choice when it comes to what to eat’ says the organiser Tim Barford from Bristol based hemp firm Yaoh. ‘There’s an incredible selection of really tasty food on offer and all of it is 100% plant based. We have up to 80 stalls at the event with some amazing products on offer, including bodycare and clothes, plus loads of information – it’s a really good way to find out just how good the veggie lifestyle can be.’ With a talks room, a cookery demos area, and an entertainments arena as well as an all day licensed bar, there’s a full line up to suit all tastes and with an admission price of just £3 for adults and £1 for kids and OAP’s, Tim is expecting a full house. ‘There’s a real increase in interest in anything eco friendly and especially in Brighton and Hove, which has the biggest population of veggies anywhere on the planet’ add Tim,’ and with such an excellent variety of products, food, experts and information available, its going to be a busy day.’ It’s not all fun and games though – there are some serious issues at stake, and the keynote speech at the event looks at Global Food Security, and in particular the effect livestock farming has on developing countries. ‘We are very pleased to have Dr Stephen Walsh from the Vegan Society at the show to deliver this vital talk’ says Tim. ‘We have to remember we are all responsible for what happens next on this planet.’ www.brighton.ecoveggiefayre.co.uk The show is organised by Yaoh and sponsored by Beanie’s Health Foods, V Bites, Chunkies and Macrobiotic Shop, and supported by Excellart, Ethical Singles, VeggieVision, Foods for Life and Flax Farm Linseed. Contact Tim Barford 0117 9239053 info @ yaoh.co.uk www.yaoh.co.uk More Vegan and Vegetarian News at Vegan News - Health, Diet and Nutrition News GOOP Newsletter How many times have you heard this? "I'm not a vegetarian but......." "I don't eat much meat..."/ "I'm almost vegetarian" / "I just eat fish and a little chicken" Despite the urge you occassionally may have to shake these people you should try to remember that it is these well meaning but non commital stand on the fence vegetarian spectators that keep vegetarianism and veganism moving forward. Without the vegetarian spectators, vegan dippers and semi - conscious consumers the fully conscious consumers and vegans who get it (get the fact that ill health and devastation of the planet are mostly down to eating the wrong way) would have a much harder time. All those soya, rice, nut and oat milk dairy alternative products and veggie sausages wouldn't be still so abundant on the shelves were it not for all the part time healthy eaters and environmentalists trying to do their occassional bit. Granted it is fast approaching the point where a bit is not enough to save the planet, but even a bit is better than nothing when it is millions of people. So Thank you Gwyneth Paltrow and your Goop blog - "I'm not a vegetarian but..." is pretty lame, especially considering your husband's passion for logic and reason. I'm no longer a fan of yours since you draped yourself in fur but....... thank you for plugging Paul McCartney's meat free monday and laying down the facts for your celebrity and fashion obcessed followers. More Vegan and Vegetarian News at Vegan News - Health, Diet and Nutrition News 
Listoff is now a podcast! Give it a listen at www.listoffpodcast.com. Leave a comment and let me know what you think. - the $700 sandwich - pizza rug - drizzle - bay leaves - teriyaki-flavored toothpaste - face of goat - Tanya's signature ginger snap cookies - marshmallow-shaped iceberg lettuce - fat bubbles - pan seared dandruff chips - Anne of Green Gables' Thanksgiving holiday spread - cleanup efforts inside elementary school room #14 after catastrophic floods in Fargo, ND - dimly-lit jazz club with Art Tatum's mustard-filled piano - lion cub snuggle scene from The Lion King - Bic Razor quality control room - the seventh bedroom of any eight-bedroom Victorian mansion - stone soup kitchen prep kitchen - Boris Yeltsin's powder room - This impenetrable Fortress - This Old Shelf - This Fixer-Upper - This Here Hammer - This Home Improvement - This Timeless Classic - This Comfy Pillow - This Home Improvement - This Tranquil Courtyard - This Collaborative Template - This Extraordinary Journey - This Efficient Furnace - This Expendable Resource - This Time Machine - This Time-Saving Observation - This Incorrigible Chandelier - This Lawnmower Race - This Ain't Scripted, Folks - This Gated Community - This Japanese Garden - This Outdated Zoning - This New Liability - This Steamed Cabbage - the $700 sandwich - pizza rug - drizzle - bay leaves - teriyaki-flavored toothpaste - face of goat - Tanya's signature ginger snap cookies - marshmallow-shaped iceberg lettuce - fat bubbles - pan seared dandruff chips - you're being a diaper marathon - you're being a temperate thermometer - you're being a cold turkey - you're being a unwanted pregnancy - you're being a traffic jam - you're being a bit confused - you're being a dangling participle - you're being a sub-par - you're being a bad weather - you're being a hassle-and-a-half - you're big, fat and ugly - the pearls of wisdom are coming out of the giant Japanese oyster and messing with your self-image - you're aging wider - mirror's feng not in line with your shui - retribution for ordering Chinese 50 days in a row - perspective - razor burn so bad it makes you look like you're wearing a suit made of jello - transcendental reflections - it's actually the mirror behind the mirror that makes you look fat - you're profile appears a mosaic of chum buckets - calls Rubik's cube 'boobix coob' - answers every question, 'I know you are, but what am I?' - was independently diagnosed by three leading child neuropsychologists as developmentally disabled to the extreme - crashes legs into wall when things just aren't making sense - when your child says to you, 'Dad, I need to talk and I need for you to listen. Now, I know my grades aren't the best and that you and Mom aren't exactly pleased when I throw my shoes at you when it's time for me to eat dinner. I guess what I'm trying to say is that my seemingly hostile behavior and frustratingly stunted verbal and communication skills might be explained by a syndrome or disease even,. I also want you to know that I am sympathetic to the marital strains you and Mom have because of me, and believe me when I say to you right here and now that from here on out I will make a valiant attempt not to hide your briefcase in the septic tank.' - you start shopping at the Sharper Image in order to distract yourself - he enjoys himself and/or doesn't care 
 PSYCHIATRIST: "Okay, tell me about this recurrent dream that you just had. Don't leave anything out." DREAMER: "Well, as it always does, it started on a beach on a cold and overcast day. The place was almost empty, and I remember wondering where everyone was. Even in the winter there should have been people walking their dogs. Where were they now?" DREAMER: "Across the water I marveled at what appeared to be glaciers, but I also wondered how that could be. I mean, there weren't supposed to be glaciers there." DREAMER: "Unable to take the cold any longer, I walked over to a nearby hotel, hoping to get warm in the lobby." DREAMER: "An employee appeared at the door. He had a mocking, impudent face, and I could tell that he was going to turn me away, but a voice from inside told him to let me in. He reluctantly opened the door." DREAMER: "Inside a man with a fedora beckoned me to get into an elevator with him." DREAMER: "We went to the top floor in silence, and when the door opened...we were in a ballroom! People were dancing lethargically, as if they'd been doing it for a long time." DREAMER: "The man in the hat pointed to a window." DREAMER: "I looked outside but didn't see anything special. It was daytime and kids were playing in the street." DREAMER: "I turned to ask the man what I was supposed to be seeing, but he was gone. It looked like he'd escaped onto the roof." DREAMER: "I turned to the window again and this time everything had changed. It was dark outside. Somehow night had fallen, and the impossibly thick and expanding glacier I'd seen out at sea was now right outside the window, slowly and inexorably pushing cars and debris ahead of it. At the speed it was going it would only be a matter of hours before the town and everybody in it would be crushed. " DREAMER: "In a panic I shouted to a man who was on the phone nearby. Nothing I said seemed to matter to him." DREAMER: "I called to an old woman too, and got big belly laughs in return. She thought it was hilarious." PATRONS: "Hey, quiet down over there! If you want to shout, go outside!" BAND LEADER: "Yes, why don't you go? Nobody wants you here." DREAMER: "I knew it wouldn't do any good to argue, and I had a strong feeling that if I'd stayed something horrible would happen, so I made for the stairs." DREAMER: "On the way down it occurred to me that I might not be the only person who didn't know about the glacier. I thought I'd warn the other people in the hotel, so I frantically knocked on doors. One opened by itself revealing a fat man screaming on a couch. I tried to reason with him but the more I talked, the louder he shrieked." DREAMER: "Another door opened into a room of people who appeared to be waiting for something. They were indifferent to what I said about the glacier, and seemed to resent my presence." DREAMER: "Other people just stared." DREAMER: "The final door opened and revealed...revealed what? What kind of crazy place was this?" DREAMER: "Out on the street it was dark and there was snow on the ground." DREAMER: "No use trying to get my car. It was somewhere under the glacier now." DREAMER: "In the distance I thought I heard a humming and churning noise. I didn't pay much attention at first." DREAMER: "After a while the sound was deafening. Holding my ears I looked this way and that, and finally came across a shaft of light zig - zagging its way methodically over the sidewalk. When I looked up to find the source I saw it... a round, mechanical thing in the sky, with a searchlight in one eye. It scanned the street, apparently looking for people. I hid behind a pillar til it passed." DREAMER: "It's a good thing I did because round flying things were soon all over the streets, incinerating every human who couldn't hide fast enough." DREAMER: "If that wasn't bad enough, groups of predatory human spotters began to emerge from nearby buildings and joined the hunt. Whenever they spotted a fleeing man they blew a whistle, which summoned the killing machines. How could people do that to their own kind?" DREAMER: "I saw a group of men on their hands and knees, and ran over to them to warn them. I did everything to get their attention but to no avail. They were absorbed in watching something that was in the ice under their feet." DREAMER: "I looked down, and sure enough there really was something down there. I know it doesn't make sense, but there were...there were live women under there... and they were beckoning to the men on the surface. " DREAMER: "These were no ordinary women. Most were stunningly beautiful and they flirted like sirens. A few had the sentimental appearance of beloved and long-dead mothers and sisters. Every man saw the unique woman that he yearned for." Finally one of the men, unable to restrain himself any longer, reached out and clasped the hand of one of the women. DREAMER: "He was immediately pulled under the ice and drowned..." DREAMER: "...as I was a moment later. I remember looking up at the hole in the ice as my lungs filled with freezing water. As it always does in these dreams the hole filled with light as killing machines leaned down and watched me with impersonal interest. I guess with all that thrashing around I put on a pretty good show. " DREAMER: "And that's it! That's the point where I always wake up. What does it mean? Am I going crazy?" PSYCHIATRIST: "Crazy? No, no. Not crazy. We'll talk about it next week. I do have to remind you though, that the magazines in the waiting room are for all my patients, and if you continue to take them home I'll have to charge you for them." THE END BTW: Many thanks to the excellent blog, "Shadowplay," which is where I got most of these pictures. http://dcairns.wordpress.com/ Okay, here's (above) a revised version of the second draft. Please, please tell me if you find that any of it is still confusing. It works for me, but maybe I've lost my objectivity. Many, many thanks to commenters who let me know what was wrong with the previous versions. Click to enlarge. Kali sent me this video (above)! What a pal! What a pal! Have you seen the George Liquor on a log that she's selling on her site? It's beautiful! Spike Jones is a caricaturist's dream (above)! His head is shaped like an upright football, with a wide, cartoony middle section, and a narrow top and bottom. The young Liberace had a fascinating face (above)! It was wide with heavily padded cheeks, tiny eyes and a thin, pointed nose and chin. The teeth were tucked way in under the nose, and the hair was combed up and back, making it look like it was on fire. The older Liberace (above) looks a lot more normal. Plastic surgery? BTW, this clip is really funny. If you're rushed, then start it at the 2 1/2 minute mark. Who is this (above)? He has a wonderfully comic face (above) set off by a round, volumetric body and interesting vest wrinkles. Vests were God's gift to caricaturists, but nobody wears them anymore. This (above) is A. J. Muste, a famous pacifist and thorn in the side of the Johnson Administration. He had a long, narrow head with a huge pointed nose, thick horn rims and a high, bread loaf fedora. This reminds me that most artists don't draw fedoras big enough. A good fedora always changes the head shape, always looks a bit too straight up and awkward. This (above) is the Mount Everest of eccentric fedoras...true royalty of the hat world. I love the way the hat continues the outline of the hair. If I ever see these on sale I'll hock my children to get the money to buy one. Stepin Fetchit's half closed eyes (above) and high eyebrows were his trademarks, but the thing that really made them work was the "U" shaped bulge above his nose. Charles Laughton (above) had even more facial padding than Liberace, but in Laughton's case the pads are relaxed and friendly, and even a little floppy. His face consists of small circles (above) embedded inside larger circles; spheres overlapping spheres. Last but not least is Louis B. Mayer (above). His head and body look bland and ordinary, but his eyes are 1,000% alert and ready to go on the offensive. It's the contradiction of blandness and unexpected vitality that makes this picture hard to put down. BTW, I'm in a podcast on the ASIFA Hollywood Animation Archive site!!!!!! This is the second installment, and this came out a lot better than the first. I talk about drawing theories, story, direction, how to do difficult assignments and all that. If you're curious to hear what I have to say, then give a listen! http://www.animationarchive.org/podcast/ Right now I'm between jobs and unfortunately have plenty of time to fuss over things like cooking. In the past two months or so I've done a lot of experimenting with lunches. I was looking for something that would allow me to lose weight, but which would be tasty and sustainable; something which would form the centerpiece of my lunches for years to come, regardless of deviations. I was anxious to make my peace with vegetables too, so they had to be in there. After trying a bunch of foods I came up with what I think is a clear cut winner, which I'll reveal at the end of the post. I think it'll surprise you...but first I want to tell you about some of the meals I tried. Well, the first thing I tried was the complicated vinaigrette salad that I call "The Parallel Universe Salad," after the physicist friend who turned me on to it. I put up the recipe in a post about two years ago. I ate it four times a week for several weeks, and it was so delicious and so filling that I sometimes skipped dinner afterward, without missing it. A success, you say? Mmmm, not exactly. The problem was that I ate so much of it that I began to get tired of it. You can get too much of a good thing. Not only that, but it sometimes left me with a craving for ice-cream a few hours later, making me wonder if the salad was really satisfying my need for fat. It was delicious, but I felt I had to move on. After that, I tried frozen Marie Calendar pot pies. I microwaved them for 15 minutes as per the instructions on the box, then when they came out, and were still intensely hot inside, I stuffed them with half-cooked veggies. By veggies I mean mushrooms cooked in a little olive oil and bacon fat, and slightly cooked diced celery, walnuts, onion, and any vegetable I had in the refrigerator that could take the heat. It was great. the problem was, that these pies and veggies tasted so good that I ate nothing else for a week, and then grew tired of them, at least for a while. Next I tried soups. Soups make good lunches, and are good repositories for veggies. I'd heat up Campbell's Chicken Broth, throw in some of those tangled bean noodles that look like birds nests, throw in spinach and Japanese pre-cooked fish or shrimp, and at the very end, toss in some hard-boiled egg slices. Delicious! Campbell's makes a good mushroom soup too, and into that I poured my usual mushrooms, veggies, fettuccini, and some cut-up boiled ham slices. [I found it handy to always have mushrooms, celery, walnuts, ham slices, and fettucini around. They're good for adding bulk to almost anything you cook. I always have alfredo handy, too. Alfredo is fattening, so I only use it in small quantities, usually to ease the pain of eating vegetables that I don't like.] Oh, and I took a liking to fennel (above). If you don't know what that is, it's the ugly white and green bagpipe of a vegetable that you always pass by in the supermarket because it looks so alien. It's a real Frankenstein monster of grafted elements: mild white onion-type mass on the bottom, celery-type stalks in the middle, and delicate little dill-type leaves at the top. I know that doesn't sound appetizing but, trust me, it tastes better than it looks. How does it taste? Well, it's like a sweet, slightly licorice-flavored, extremely mild onion. It's not really an onion, but it looks and feels that way. It's very cheery and eager-to-please, and makes good filler in a recipe that requires bulk. I cooked it with mushrooms and shallots and added it to other things. It was great, but once again I ate so much of it that I couldn't bear to look at it for a while. This brings me to the grand finale, where I reveal the most successful lunch recipe I tried during that time. Which recipe got the top spot? I hate to say it, but none of them. They were all too doggone tasty and fattening. I ended up gaining weight instead of losing it. The only lunch I ate during those few weeks that was consistently delicious, dietetic, healthy and sustainable was.....drum beat, please.....good old American peanut butter and jam on bread or muffin, served with milk. Yep, that and nothing else. A popular hippie book called "Diet for a Small Planet" also recommends it. It's nutritious and you never get tired of it. Something in the chemistry of it makes it ever-green for your taste buds. It doesn't go with vegetables, though. I guess I'll have to save those for dinner. So that's it for now...but I'll put on my mad scientist cap and keep experimenting. I thought I'd put up a few examples of surreal cinematic nightmare sequences. The first (above) is from a film called "Bewitched," which according to Thomas in a comment, was directed by Arch Oboler (Thomas also recommends Oboler's other film, "The Twonky"). The clip looks like something Borzage would have made. Borzage is a favorite director of David Cairn who runs one of the most interesting cinema sites on the net, a blog called "Shadowplay." That's where I got this video. The end sequence of "Stranger on the Third Floor" makes such an indelible impression that it's easy to forget the surreal second-best sequence (above) that's in the middle of the film. For those who've forgotten, here it is. This (above) is a trailer for the re-release of Hitchcock's "Vertigo." Not all the shots are from the film's nightmare, but this cut still succeeds in being nightmarish. More of "Vertigo;" this time, the main titles. Bernard Herrmann's film scores are some of the best classical music written in the 20th Century, but he's seldom on concert programs. Is that the fault of the concert halls or of lawyers who make it hard to get the rights? I tried to buy sheet music for piano transcriptions of his work and couldn't find any, even on the net. Thanks to Jerk for this clip from "Spellbound." Thanks to Kurdt for Disney's "Pink Elephants." And thanks to Anonymous for the "Wild Strawberries" video (above). Have I missed any good nightmares? Any suggestions? I'm reading a book about Thomas Cook called, "The Romantic Journey." Cook (above) was the world's first travel agent, and if you think that's a dull subject for a book then you couldn't be more wrong. Cook was a genius! The man was born in 1808 while Napoleon was still in power. He spent the first half of his life arranging tours to English seashore resorts for the religious and temperance societies that he belonged to. I don't think it ever occurred to him or anyone else that you could make much money doing that. He just wanted to be useful to the organizations he belonged to. Besides, if there was money to be made, it would logically go to the railroads and hotels, not to the poor fool who got stuck with buying everybody's tickets. Like I said, even Cook didn't think there was money in it. Travel in Cook's time was a dirty affair for people who weren' t rich. The railroads advertised cheap rates to the seaside towns, which resulted in shockingly crowded beaches and hotels. It wasn't uncommon for twelve people...twelve!...to share a bed, with other friends sleeping on the floor. Stressed out hotel patrons would sometimes show their resentment by pooping in the bureau drawers. The streets were crowded with rowdies and the beaches were so densely packed that bathers could hardly see the sand (above). Women who could afford it rented clunky changing room wagons which attendants pulled out into the surf for them. Occasionally big waves (above) would knock over the wagons and the women inside would have to be rescued....sometimes by naked men. It seems that a sizable number of men believed that bathing suits were unhealthy for the wearers. Cook's insight was that was that many people would be be happier in less crowded resorts in places like Scotland. Some of those resorts weren't served by the railroad, so Cook arranged for carriages or boats to supplement the rail service. Some English customers regarded the Scots as barbarous, and didn't relish the idea of negotiating with them for meals and hotel rooms, so Scott sent agents ahead to take care of all that, and he was even able to get group discounts. Little by little, he assembled the modern concept of the package tour. What's fascinating about all this was that each of Cook's improvements was copied by the railroads and steamship lines, who opened their own copy cat travel agencies, and who had the advantage of established reputations and lots of money for advertising. Amazingly, Cook managed to stay ahead of the game. How did he do it? Maybe it's because his competitors were just hirelings of the railroad and had to get every change okayed by higher-ups. Cook was free to innovate. When a woman on one of his tours complained about unsanitary foreign toilets seats, he quickly invented a personal folding metal toilet seat cover. Now that's enterprise! Cook also benefited from his philosophy. Other travel agencies were diverted by lucrative commissions from the wealthy. Cook, on the other hand, found it impossible to disavow his innate sympathy with the working man, and instead chose to treat his ordinary patrons as if they were wealthy. He arranged tours for the rich, but he was careful to keep his standard prices low, and expected customers to dress well and avoid offensive behavior. Rowdies got a refund and were booted out. The much admired civility of the British middle class owes a lot to the nudges it received from business men like Cook. BTW, the final two posters weren't originated by Cook's agency. I put them up because they exemplify the spirit of what the man was trying to achieve. Here they are, works of three of my favorite contemporary painters. I have more favorites, but these will do for a start. The first few are by Tim Biskup. You can tell he was influenced by Jim Flora, but his style is still very distinctive. Boy, the picture above is so small that it's impossible to see anything. Better click to enlarge. What I like about these, apart from their color and design sophistication, is what Ayn Rand might have called their "sense of life." They're happy. They celebrate life. There's no hint of suffering. They're about the light-hearted side of life. Here's (above) a skull, which is usually meant to symbolize mortality or horror or science. I may be reading something into this that's not there, but what I sense here is an artist who's regarding his own fragile mortality and laughing about it. There's time enough to think about the serious side of death. Here we're made to see the absurdity of it. The delicate, colorful paper strips are like our thoughts unraveling. Our skull unravels as well. We all see such wonders during our lifetimes, and they're recorded on flimsy strips of paper that eventually unravel and go away. It all reminds me of Macbeth's "Tomorrow and Tomorrow" speech. Very happy (above). Sexual, but very light and delicate. This (above) is scary but light-hearted at the same time, as if Biskup were reminding us that our humanity is still intact, in spite of the mechanistic nature of the modern world. Even so, he says we'd better be careful. Elegant, imaginative, clutter (above). This would make a great book cover for an author like Bradbury or Dahl or Borges. Here's something by an under-rated artist...Philip Burke. Michael Sporn just did a survey of Burke's work on his blog. See the sidebar for the link. Poor Woody. His face has aged way in advance of his actual chronological age. Has his mind aged at the same rate? I don't know. My guess is that a younger man lies underneath the aged exterior, but maybe looking that way depressed him so much that he actually took on the behaviors of an older man. Burke's portrait of Cobain says so much about the price Cobain paid to get where he was. Burke's sketch (above) of Dianne Sawyer. Look at how saturated the red and purple are. Last but not least, Gary Panter's "Elvis Zombie." This was a book cover. I'll bet Panter wishes he'd painted a version that was seven feet tall. I came across this photo of Elvis while I was searching for Panter's painting. It occured to me that this may be the most famous photo of the rock and roll era...what the classic photo of the G.I.s raising the flag at Iwo Jima was for the previous generation. Don't you love close-ups on big movie screens? Having live silhouette heads between you and the screen makes the experience even better. If you've never seen a Clampett cartoon on a big theater screen, then you've really missed something. His characters are always leaning into the audience and looking down. They plead with the audience, patronize them, almost pat them on their heads. You don't get that when you see the cartoons on TV. I love the idea of giant heads and bodies looming out over the audience and looking down. You don't even need 3D to get the effect. If you're Eisenstein or Richard Lester or Sergio Leonne then you love the technique where you show the audience an ultra-long shot then.... ...then, on the same shot you have someone step in front of the camera for an ultra close-up. I love it when monsters stick their heads out over the audience and look around, as if they're trying to figure out which person to eat first. Amazing but true: on a big 2D screen you can give the audience the physical sensation of looking up at something. I don't mean a simple upshot, I mean a shot where you get a definite sensation of light-headedness and insecurity about your balance, as if you'd tilted your head way back. To see what I mean, click to enlarge. It's not enough to tilt the camera up to get this effect. You have to have something very distracting to look at up there, else the audience's logic will kick in, and they'll talk themselves out of the vertigo you want them to feel. Oddly enough, shooting a glamorous woman in close-up doesn't always work. You can convey personality and charm in a close-up, but not sexiness...not sexiness in the glamour meaning of the word. I guess visual sex cues have a lot to do with proportions, and you need to step back a little to take that in. The close-ups are just punctuation. Okay, there are exceptions. How about "Rear Window" where Grace Kelly leans into the audience and almost kisses the camera? Watching this scene was what your grandfather did to cure erectile dysfunction in the days before Viagra. I saw "North by Northwest" on a big theater screen and the experience was a revelation. On a big screen the close-up shots in the cornfield make you feel that Cary Grant wants to jump into your lap. He seems to be appealing to the audience for help. I never got that from seeing the film on TV. 
I've been extremely busy with DealBase work, so have lagged on blogging, but have some interesting things coming up and hope to post more soon. Recently I added RSS feeds to all of the city/destination and hotel pages on DealBase . This is just one more way for you to keep up to date with all the deals we add to the system. Our other primary way, aside from browsing the site of course, is to sign up for personalized alert emails . This lets you follow one or more cities, and set criteria like class of hotel (i.e. you only want to see 4 and 5 star hotels), maximum price, and so on. You can set a schedule for how often you want the emails (once a week, twice a week, daily, etc.). We'll send you up to the best 10 deals that match your criteria. You can also simply subscribe by just supplying your email address and nothing else and we'll set your initial preferences for our top 10 destinations. We'll continue to enhance this alert service, and I'd love to hear any suggestions people have for additions, changes, etc. Development of the alert emails has been interesting. One of the most useful tools throughout has been Litmus ' email testing service. It's pretty slick. They cover quite an array of email clients, both web hosted (Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail, etc.), as well as desktop (Outlook, Apple Mail, Notes, etc.). They also do spam testing. When you begin a test, they supply you an email address specific for that particular test run, and then you just email them the real email you want tested. You can also paste in an email, but I prefer to do the sending approach to as closely mimic the real thing as possible. I have my IRB and various other bits configured to make it a single command to fire off test cases to a Litmus supplied email address, and the whole process works great, and is truly worth Litmus' cost. I started off mentioning RSS, and back to that... The RSS does work differently than the email alerts (obviously), and to some degree the web page. It is like selecting the "Most Recently Posted" sort on a page (see below image). Deals are supplied to the RSS feed as they're posted, just like a blog would do. Just one more way to stay on top of deals. Oh, and don't forget we're on Twitter too. Uploaded with plasq 's Skitch ! [Update: I resolved the Git issue, and have now switched to using Hudson. The advantages of it's in-progress display, ability to more closely monitor and/or kill a build, and my impression of it being more stable, won the day.] After switching our CI server to Integrity, there were a few blips, one of which is that we were hitting swap (memory). Hitting swap is not surprising and I'm surprised it hasn't been a problem sooner, since memory is our #1 battle. I figured if I was going to up the memory on our CI server, I might also try Hudson, as that was the main reason for not trying it previously. The short story is that I tried it, and we're back to Integrity, but I learned some interesting things. The following is both some notes on installation, as well as some reasons why it didn't work out... Installing Hudson Our CI box is a slice at Slicehost, running Ubuntu 8.04 LTS, and I'd just upped it from 256MB RAM to 1GB. Also of note, I've built and install Git 1.6.4 for this system. The following are brief notes on getting Hudson going as it wasn't quite as simple as most folks made it out to be... First, I followed the directions on the Hudson site for installing Hudson from the Ubuntu package . This amounts to adding the package repository, updating apt-get, and then doing: sudo apt-get install hudson This installs all the Java 1.6 stuff you need (and mine seems fine with 64bit Java), and other dependencies. After the install, Hudson is running, on default port 8080. Next up I added a server block/configuration in Nginx for Hudson (and unlinked/removed Integrity). I then went to Hudson in my browser. What I got was an error message about the xstream library. Fixing that was easy, as it turned out: downloaded the latest (1.320 at the time) hudson.war from the Hudson site, and replaced /usr/share/hudson/hudson.war with it. Restarted Hudson, and voila, now it was up and running. Also, Hudson runs as the user "hudson", so I needed to add an SSH key for that user, and then add the public key to GitHub. And, setup a ~hudson/.gitconfig as needed. Finally, as I found later, do a git clone or an SSH to github so that you get past the whole SSH authenticity question when you first SSH to an unknown server. Note, the Hudson user is not an interactive user, i.e. you can't directly login as that user, so to gen the SSH key, you'll need do something like su to root and do, sudo -u hudson ssh-keygen -t dsa . Configuring Hudson Before adding a project, I needed to config some plugins. I went to the Manage page, clicked on Installed, and turned off the Subversion plugin and restarted. Next was going back in to manage plugins, and installing the Git, Github, and Rake plugins, and again restarting. Both restarts showed an Nginx bad gateway error, but simply refreshing got it back (probably just needed more time for Hudson to restart). Then to configure a build, from the main Hudson page after a fresh install, click the "create new jobs" link. In the ensuing form, enter a project name, and select "Build a free-style software project". Next: checked "Discard Old Builds" which then shows you options (so you can put in keep for X days, or X number of builds) Added URL for Github project, http://github.com/yourproject/yourproject Select Git as the SCM, and entered by git@github.com:yourproject/yourproject.git URL for the repository Turned on merge after build option. This will supposedly add tags for the build to your code base and then merge them back in. More on this in a bit. Next I configured the build steps for my project. All I really did here was take the same build steps I used for Integrity , and added them as individual shell and rake tasks. At this point, I fired off a build (truth be told, I started with just a single build step to vet it), and things worked, with the exception of the very last step, where I push the Git tags back to GitHub. This is what I saw: [workspace] $ /bin/sh -xe /tmp/hudson1444107192962944065.sh + /usr/bin/git push --tags XML error: syntax error error: Error: no DAV locking support on https://github.com/dealbase/dealbase/ error: failed to push some refs to 'https://github.com/dealbase/dealbase' I've now been searching for answers to this, and haven't yielded anything. I've tried the git push directly from a shell, with the same result. If I do this as a different user (e.g. under my user) it works fine. This git push is attempted both as part of a rake task (the ci_tag task), as well as I tried making it just a straight shell command in Hudson. After a lot of googling, and asking, and no resolution in sight, I've gone back to Integrity... Comparisons and Notes First off, I think Hudson looks pretty stellar. There are a TON of plugins for it, and it seems quite mature and polished. The essentially 100% configuration via the GUI is slick. Install, despite a few hoops above, was actually pretty painless. So, here's just a few notes/opinions: Hudson You will need some memory to run Hudson, more than with Integrity or CruiseControl.rb. From what I can tell, you probably want a system with 1GB or more. Various other folks I talked to all had 2GB or more systems, and their Hudson processes were taking 1.5GB or more. This is partly just a Java thing. It should be noted, the others were running more than one build with Hudson, and mine seemed to work fine on a 1GB total memory system (didn't seem to hit swap). Hudson allows you to kill a build while it's running (nice!). Hudson works with CCMenu/CCTray out of the box. The git integration has more options in terms of picking branches, doing merging, and various more involved operations, but doesn't have GitHub post-receive hook support out of the box (there are plugins up on GitHub for it, but not listed in the standard plugin list). Hudson runs as user "hudson", which is a user that has no shell. You could change this, although the idea is you shouldn't have to. However, this complicates setting up SSH keys and various things. And, of course, I had the issue with Git as mentioned above. I could probably change this to run as my user and so on, but part of all this for me is not having to change a lot of defaults and start messing with core configurations/designs of the system. In part, I just don't have time to do that, and to maintain it (these kinds of changes often cause problems when you upgrade versions, etc. - also known as you may forget to redo these changes if an upgrade undoes them :). The UI and web app itself is quite nice, understandable, well done in general for something like this. Also, thanks to the Tea-Driven blog for motivating me to try Hudson (and for some tips on Testjour - more on that in another post). Integrity I really only have one main complaint about Integrity, and that has to do with indication of a build in progress. It essentially doesn't indicate it - it says it hasn't been built yet, but a build may actually be running. The CCMenu/integritray plugin will show you that a build is running, so this mostly solves my problem, but this seems like a core failure. I may have to look at fixing this. And that is a win for Integrity in that it's Ruby, and thus I'll be more apt to go fix this (while I spent MANY years doing heavy Java work, I don't have interest in working in that code anymore for a task like this). CruiseControl.rb One thing that remains an advantage for CC.rb is that it has "build artifacts" - i.e. you can create files and such as part of your build and have those known to CC.rb, where it then links to them in the summary of your build. You may or may not need it, but it's also very handy for simply showing you the Git tag you created on a successful build. I just touch a file in the build artifacts dir with the name of the Git tag, and then I don't have to dig through the output of the build to find my Git tag. That's all the time I have for today, hopefully this is also helpful to others... Recently I switched the DealBase continuous integration server to use Integrity instead of CruiseControl.rb. This happened because I'd been having some sporadic failures under CC.rb that didn't seem explainable (no code would change, and tests would fail at random), and also due to some changes in Cucumber between versions, it all conspired to switch. It should be noted that, as you might guess, the "random" failures were not exactly random, but suffice it to say that the root cause re-inforced my notion to switch. My main beef with CC.rb has more to do with it being somewhat in bed with Rake and wanting to run your CI build via a rake task, and some of the issues (or impurities?) that come up with that. But I'm boring you... Anyway, Integrity... Setup is relatively easy, and is covered fairly well on their setup page/docs . But the following is what I did, which I'm documenting for myself and anyone else who may find it useful. I setup my server to use with Nginx and Passenger. I tried using Integrity with Nginx and Thin, but wasn't able to get Integrity to work right (similar to the results defunkt had when they tried it at GitHub ). We've standardized on Nginx+Passenger, so this was good anyway. I nuked the Nginx I had already and proceeded (all this being done on an Ubuntu Hardy VPS system at Slicehost): sudo gem install passenger sudo passenger-install-nginx-module I let it install Nginx, and picked the default location. I then re-added our HTTP Basic Authentication and a few other Nginx tweaks as I had in the prior Nginx configuration. Next up was to install some prerequisites and Integrity itself: sudo apt-get sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev sudo gem install integrity do_sqlite3 thin integrity install /home/ci/integrity --passenger cd integrity Next you'll want to tweak config.yml to customize the domain where you'll access your CI server. I left the rest the same. Then setup Integrity's database: integrity migrate_db /home/ci/integrity/config.yml I also added the "integritray" plugin, so that I could continue to use CCMenu to monitor my builds. See the integritray GitHub page for simple install. Now point Nginx/Passenger at your install, by adding the appropriate server block for a Passenger Rails app, such as: server { listen 80; server_name your.ciserver.com; root /home/ci/integrity/public; passenger_enabled on; auth_basic "Restricted"; auth_basic_user_file /opt/nginx/conf/htpasswd; } Finally, fire up Nginx, and surf to your CI server domain/URL. You should see something like this: Uploaded with plasq 's Skitch ! Click the "create your first project" link, and enter details about your app. The "Git repository" field should get your GitHub or other git server URL (e.g. your clone URL). For a build script, the following is what I used: rake log:clear && RAILS_ENV=test rake db:reset && spec --options spec/spec.opts spec/--/-_spec.rb && RAILS_ENV=cucumber rake db:reset && cucumber --strict -q --format pretty features && rake ci_tag This is one nice thing about Integrity - it's pretty much any command you can give it. Sure, you might want to wrap that up in a Rake task, or a shell script or however you want to do it. I just entered that raw so it's overly obvious exactly what it's doing. I also found this to work better than doing it as a Rake task, as somehow I wasn't getting the environment to switch properly under Rake. The "ci_tag" rake task is my task for tagging/labeling succesful builds in Git, etc. Next, you'll want to setup a post-commit service hook on GitHub. You can get your Push URL by clicking the edit link for your project in Integiry: Uploaded with plasq 's Skitch ! Note, that works even with HTTP Basic Auth, just add your user credentials to the Push URL before pasting it in on GitHub. Finally, fire off a build. And note, one downside of Integrity is that it doesn't indicate (in the web UI) that a build is underway. It just says it hasn't been built yet. The integritray item and thus CCMenu will show you that it's building though. Lastly... some have asked why not XYZ CI server? A few notes on this: Hudson: this looks awesome, but also somewhat overkill for our needs. I have one project to build, and I'm doing it on a very inexpensive slice that has only 256MB of RAM - I doubt I could even start Hudson in that little RAM, being it's a Java web app, etc. Secondarily, I'd prefer to have the app be Ruby so I can hack on it (I've made at least very minor tweaks to every CI server I've used to date). cruisecontrol.rb - this is what we were using, and it worked well, with minor exception to some random failures and the Rake-oriented build process. I'd really say this is minor though, and would suggest folks try it out. You can of course refer to my previous writeup on setting up CruiseControl.rb :) CI Joe/cijoe - this is actually what I started with when I looked at exploring alternatives. I had problems getting the build working properly, which seems odd. In hindsight that may have wound up being due to some problems during our switch to a newer version of Cucumber. But, one thing I didn't like is that there is no state maintained, so if you stop and start cijoe, it loses track of all its previous builds. This may or may not matter much to you, but I didn't like that. I also didn't want to spend time writing notifiers/CCMenu integration type stuff for our needs. I will ay that cijoe setup/install is pretty cool. Run Code Run doesn't have a viable plan for us yet, plus I've heard having it run custom rake tasks and such doesn't work (wrong?). Furthermore, I didn't really want our private code on their servers and didn't see a need to outsource this. others... either hadn't heard of them, they didn't work well with Rails, or whatever - upshot, Integrity worked, got it up and running fairly fast, and didn't need to spend any more time on this. A little bit ago, I went back to using multiple computers again. For a while I'd just done everything with a MacBook Pro, which was nice - only a single machine to maintain, always had everything in one spot. But alas, twas time for more performance, so I got a Mac Pro, which is now my primary work machine, with the laptop relegated to basically iCal and Things for the bulk of the day (as my 3rd monitor), and then any portable needs, or working on the couch or deck, etc. Anyway, my main thing against multiple machines, after having spent many years with anywhere between 2 and 5 machines (mostly while working for Adobe), was the maintenance and synchronization of those machines. So, now that I'm back to 2, I am back to wanting/needing my data on whatever computer I'm using. These days this also really extends to my iPhone to some degree as well. It's my truly portable computer. So, with all the "cloud" computing/services these days, this is to some degree easier. I'm not that big a fan of Google having all my data, but I will use the services that are the best in class, or best for my needs, and no doubt some of that is Google, but there are many others. I have not gotten all my data truly available on all the computers I want it on, or as well as I'd like yet, but I'm getting closer. Also, I agree with Al3x in that if the data is important, only having it on a free cloud service is not wise. I haven't fully followed that, but that is part of my plan. Here's some notes on what I've done so far... Email This one is easy. I use Gmail for all my email accounts (about 15 if you count across various domains and so on). Right off, this is one case where this is the only place my data/email lives, so I'm only solving the accessible from anywhere issue. But, I'm also of the mind that I could pretty much lose all my email and be fine. If there are truly important things in it, that data tends to wind up getting put in somewhere else (EverNote, etc., see below) as appropriate. Gmail is so much better than any other Email. I even use it for some non-traditional things, like all our recipes are stored in a Gmail account. Makes it easy to trade recipes amongst friends and family, great for searching, and again, I can get to it from anywhere I can access the web. Further, I use MailPlane as my actual mail client. It is a very rare day that I use a web browser to view Gmail. On the iPhone I just use the regular iPhone mail client, which has some drawbacks, but for my needs is ok. Notes and Misc Data This is the place that recently changed and has become an outstanding solution. I used to use 37signals Backpack , but now use EverNote . EverNote is really quite amazing. I hadn't noticed the Notebooks before, and that's been a great feature for me to do high level organization. Then, the searching is quite good (and of course Backpack essentially didn't even have searching). But, what really swung this over was their desktop client, web storage, and then iPhone client. This gives me great desktop performance, but then access from any web browser, as well as iPhone, AND I get the data stored locally and off-site (i.e. on the web). Furthermore, it sync's across computers. So, I feel like the data I have here is very safe (since it's in at least 3 places). Even better, this allowed me to stop paying for Backpack (my use of EverNote is nowhere close to their paid account). I don't mind paying for software at all, but I had felt that I wasn't getting the solution I wanted from Backpack, so didn't want to pay for that any longer. Code GitHub and Git. Do I need to say more? Bookmarks Two things here: .Mac and Delicious. I use Safari as my primary browser, and leverage it's Bookmark Bar for common stuff, so sync that across machines and iPhone with .Mac. Delicious gets all the other bookmarks. RSS/News Feeds Another recent change was to stop using NetNewsWire which I've used forever, and switch to Google Reader. Specifically what made this work well was creating a Fluid app with the Helvetireader styling. NNW had sync via NewsGator, but it really just didn't work well. It didn't seem to keep the list of feeds in sync, and then it's sync during feed download just didn't seem to cut it. So now, with the fluid app, and then just plain Reader (via browser) on the iPhone seems to solve this all nicely. Documents So far this is a mix of using DropBox and Google Docs. DropBox is awesome for keeping files in sync across machines, and then also available on the web. I've been ramping up my use of DropBox. Things that Aren't sufficiently solved yet Calendar and Address Book Update: I'm now using .Mac to sync Address Book, seems to work great. I'm using iCal and Address Book. Primarily this is due to the super easy sync with the iPhone. I can sync two computers with BusySync or some other things, but haven't seen a great solution yet, as well as haven't investigated that much. Even with .mac I think you still have to have a primary calendar and you're publishing to the other, etc. I've used Google Calendar in the past, but didn't like it that much, and part of all this is ensuring sync is brain dead easy and solid. My wife and I sync calendars with BusySync, but that has been spotty. The various Google/iCal sync things I've tried have been iffy in the past. And, the real key is, how well will it sync Google cal to the iPhone calendar? An area I need to learn more about. Address Book, not sure of my options here either. Sync's nicely with iPhone, and .Mac so far. Music and Photos I've yet to see an iTunes sync thing that works really well. We tried TuneRanger but it was not good when dealing with two existing libraries. Also, we have a lot of music, so keeping it backed up on S3 or similar actually starts to cost real money. Of course these days, the primary need for this is to sync to my iPhone. Most of the time at home I'm listening to Pandora or some similar thing. I use Pandora a lot on the iPhone, but I also listen to various podcasts, and then there are times when Pandora isn't feasible (crappy/no signal, or I'm needing to use another app on the phone while listening to music). These same issues hold true for photos/Lightroom libraries. With Lightroom so far, for each calendar year, I have a Lightroom catalog, and then at the end of those years, I burn DVD's with the photos. Of course, the DVD's are just sitting in our house right now, not in a safe deposit box, etc. (we used to do that, but haven't since we moved to Oregon - lazy). But my bigger concern here is that I'd like my Lightroom library to stay in sync across my two machines, so I can use the burly Mac Pro when working at home, but then have my MBP when on the road. I guess that's it for now. What solutions do you like? What are people doing for large data (GB's or TB's of music, photos, video, etc.)? At DealBase , we've been testing Nginx with Passenger , and have mostly had good results. There are two issues that have come up, hopefully only one of which may broadly affect others. The first issue, which likely affects anyone using this, is that it appears that if you combine and cache CSS or JavaScript via tags like this in Rails: &lt;%= stylesheet_link_tag :standard, :cache => 'standard' %&gt; &lt;%= javascript_include_tag :jquery, :cache => 'jquery_all' %&gt; The ":standard" and ":jquery" symbols are expansion symbols for multiple CSS/JavaScript files defined in a Rails initializer. On the first request Rails gets, it's supposed to combine all the files as per the expansion symbol definition, and then produce a "cache" file, so you have a single file that is included in your HTML. This worked fine for us under Mongrel, but it didn't seem to regenerate under Passenger after doing a deploy, even with a restart to Passenger. We had to do a second restart of Passenger, and then hit the server at least twice, if not more to see it get picked up. Thanks to a tip from Engine Yard, one solution can be found on the overstimulate blog , where they detail how you can add a rake task that you call during deploy to regenerate those cache files. This is really even a nicer solution under Mongrel and others, as it will mean it doesn't occur during your first request. The second problem seems confined to my MacBook Pro laptop (no problem on my MacPro tower). That is, I simply cannot get Nginx+Passenger to work. It installs fine, Nginx runs, but I get some odd permissions problem from Passenger: 2009/05/12 11:57:52 [alert] 19611#0: could not create /var/folders/7m/7m7ezMSTHdiBHz5bzVyNDE+++TI/-Tmp-//passenger.19596/control_process.pid (13: Permission denied) 2009/05/12 12:01:19 [crit] 19611#0: -1 connect() to unix:/var/folders/7m/7m7ezMSTHdiBHz5bzVyNDE+++TI/-Tmp-//passenger.19596/master/helper_server.sock failed (13: Permission denied) while connecting to upstream, client: 127.0.0.1, server: dealbase.dev, request: "GET / HTTP/1.1", upstream: "unix:/var/folders/7m/7m7ezMSTHdiBHz5bzVyNDE+++TI/-Tmp-//passenger.19596/master/helper_server.sock:", host: "dealbase.dev" The first line of those two lines occurs when I start Nginx. The second happens when I try to surf to a page from my app in my browser (which makes sense given the first error :) If anyone has any suggestions on this one, let me know! At DealBase, we have an opening for a part-time front end Rails developer at DealBase.com . The opening is for US residents only, and for individuals, no agencies or recruiters please. Most likely you'd be working remotely/telecommuting. The job posting, which is posted in several places, such as Rubynow , Working With Rails , and Rubyjobs.in , covers all the details, but I'll relist it here for ease: DealBase.com , a startup hotel deals site, is looking for a stellar front end web developer who will adapt our current look/feel to new features, leverage JavaScript for useful and fun features, and is eager to apply their skills to enhance the user experience of our site. We're looking for you to share your knowledge and make an impact, be passionate about your work, and up-to-date on the latest technologies. If this is you, and you enjoy working with a small, distributed, agile team, then we'd love to talk with you. Requirements for this position: Deep knowledge of XHTML and CSS Familiarity with browser capabilities and restrictions for all major browsers Solid JavaScript skills Experience with/demonstrated use of Git You use and demand MacOS X as your primary development environment Comfortable at the command line Basic skills for image editing and optimization for the web Exposure to and basic knowledge of Ruby on Rails Great communication skills Attention to detail Ability to work both independently and on a team Eagerness to share ideas and problem-solve creatively Experience working on consumer oriented web applications/consumer focus Quick learner, and good at digging in to problems Agile development practices You are based in the US. Individuals only (no multi-person firms, agencies, etc.) Nice to have: jQuery experience GitHub experience MySQL experience Use of test frameworks, TDD, and BDD experience with Linux If you'd like to work with us at DealBase.com and think you're a good fit for this position, send us a resume and sample work, or let us know where we can see your resume and work/code, by emailing jobs@dealbase.com. Please note, we are only considering candidates based in the US. I'm excited to find a great developer to work with. DealBase has been an awesome company and app to work on, and we're already experiencing great success. We have some pretty cool features planned, and it'd be ideal to get some real CSS and JavaScript ninja skills making those features even better. So, if this is you, please do get in touch, making sure to send email to the right email address as outlined in the job description. There's been a couple cool writeups/solutions to deploying your crontab files when you deploy with Capistrano, which I think is great. I can't find the first one I saw (mention in comments and I'll update), but on GitHub, javan has the whenever gem that is really more about allowing you to define crontabs with Ruby/Rails' time methods so you don't have to remember the crontab file syntax which none of us ever seems to be able to remember. You can of course integrate this with Capistrano (and that's covered in his Readme). The point of all this: no more having to remember to go put in or uncomment a crontab entry once you deploy a certain build, and keeping your crontabs under version control. However, for us, none of the solutions out there worked quite right, and I just use what I find to be a simpler setup. First, we have multiple servers with different crontabs per server. Also, we have some environment variables that get defined within the crontab so that they work properly on our Engine Yard slices. I just found that, while yes, I sometimes don't remember all the crontab syntax perfectly, I also don't do this often enough for that to be an issue, and would rather just have the real deal right there, so I knew exactly what I was going to install on my server. Lastly, I didn't really want to have yet another gem dependency for something pretty straight forward like this (IMHO). So, get on with it you say, what's the solution? Two pieces. First, I create a crontab directory within my Rails app's config directory. In that I store crontab files named by the hostname of the server - the same thing you'd get by doing a hostname on the server. You could add an extension or whatever you want, but the hostname is what makes this work easily, so you want that somewhere in your file naming convention. We only have a couple servers and I know them well, so I just went with pure hostname for now. The contents of each file are exactly what you'd see in the crontab file on the server, for the user you set it up under. Second, a simple Capistrano task to affect the given crontab file on the server, with an after hook to run it: task :write_crontab, :roles => :app do puts "Installing server-specific crontab." run("cd #{deploy_to}/current/config/crontab; crontab `hostname`") end after "deploy:restart", "write_crontab" That's it. You can obviously tweek this for your own setup, for example, maybe you need to run it on all roles, or different roles, or what not. Your run command might need to be more robust (or run a shell script or rake task) for example if not all servers have crontabs or you have something more dynamic. But, as you can tell, setting this kind of thing up is pretty straight forward, and it's great to keep your crontab setups in version control. Thanks to you guys that stimulated the idea in the first place. Recently we ran into an interesting performance issue with MySQL. We have an automated process we run at night a few nights a week that does data harvesting for hotel rates and such. This data is versioned so that we can look at historical values. However, this script had begun to really crawl. Originally it took a couple hours to run. But it had gotten to the point where it could take almost a day. I tracked this down to being a SQL MAX call used by acts_as_versioned to determine the next version for one of these records. The problem is that it had to sift through nearly 10 million records. In testing this on my local machine, just one of these SQL queries could take 45 seconds! Think about doing this across oh say 100,000 hotels, ya, not good. The good folks at GitHub ran into this same thing (with a table of 36M records) on nearly the same day. Their approach is similar to the approach I'll be taking on another table (which isn't currently affecting us this way, but will have different benefits), which was to split it into two tables, one with older data. I could have done this, and would have, but the reality was that we simply didn't need to keep these versions, as we weren't using the data. So, luckily, I was able to just no longer version this particular model, and throw out that table. After doing that, I ran the script and it took just over an hour. Yea! So, this is something to note if you use acts_as_versioned with models that have frequent changes and a decent number of those models to begin with (think multipliers). One of the things I'll be looking into in the future is whether that MAX needs to get done, or whether acts_as_versioned can be smarter about how it does it. On first glance you'd think you could just use the version number on the original model itself, but that number isn't guaranteed to be the latest number, since you can rollback versions and so on. 
 You may remember the problems that we've been having with our persistent cache, memcacheDB . Our initial response was to add a bunch more RAM to the system, which would probably only last us a few weeks, until we could put a better solution in place. Fortunately with EC2 we were able to spin up five new machines with gobs of RAM to fill that temporary role. After that, we dedicated 33% of our development team (i.e. me) to swapping it out for a more scalable and long-term backend. As of this morning we're now running with our persistent cache backed by Cassandra . The migration was seamless (did you notice?), but the load-impact on our servers is palpable. In case you are wondering why we chose Cassandra: it is way faster, more scalable, and has a rich and active development community full of extremely smart and helpful people. It's in use or going to be in use by several large companies ( Twitter , Facebook , digg , Rackspace). We have the ability to add nodes as load and storage requires, and we have the ability to move non-cache type data into it as appropriate. We could not have done this in just 10 days without the help of the amazing Cassandra developers and community and EC2, which allowed us to bring up new instances on which to test and ultimately deploy Cassandra. I cannot thank the extremely intelligent Cassandra developers and community enough for their work and their help! Photo credit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Solomon_Ajax_and_Cassandra.jpg A - Normal daily reddit traffic B - Yesterday's actual traffic C - What it felt like to us As some of you may have noticed , reddit has been a tad slow lately. Last night, we put in a fix that will hopefully fix the problem in the short term until we can get a longer term fix in place. We wanted to take this opportunity to fill you in on what caused the problem, how we are fixing it, and dispel some myths. In short, we made a technical decision a few years ago that was a good idea at the time, but which is becoming increasingly hard to scale. We need to make some deep changes to fix it, but we put in a band-aid solution of adding more memory for reddit to use in the meantime. But before we get too far down the technical rabbit hole, while the four of us were busy trying to stop the site from melting any further, other things were happening that we didn't get a chance to address. At the end of the day, reddit is both a community and social news site, bound to attract people in the social news business. We have always been about serving up interesting stories and content, all the while trying to ensure that we curb any abuse of the community's good graces. If you like what you see on reddit, good, upvote it. If not, complain , or even make your own community . Above all, if you think someone is abusing the site, tell us . A witch hunt and a glut of personal details degrades us all. Posting personal information crosses the line, and it has been our policy since the beginning to remove it when we see it or when it is pointed out to us. That said, we are not all-seeing. We don't have a program that detects personal information and notifies us. While we removed personal info (per our terms of service) when it was shown to us, we obviously didn't get it all. What happened this weekend saddened us. Saydrah's postings have been additive to the community, and we have no indication that she's been anything but a great moderator to the communities she moderates. Moderators are not exempt from our anti-cheating measures, and, though I hate to have to put it in these terms, we've "investigated" Saydrah, and we didn't find any indication of her cheating or otherwise abusing power. Nerd talk starts here TL;DR: oh hi i upgraded your RAM Myths : The recent site problems are because reddit moved to EC2 -- False The only reason we were able to fix this at all is because we are on EC2 and were able to quickly spin up new instances. In fact, we just had to do it again this morning because we needed even more RAM. But I swear it's been slow since you moved to EC2! -- False We moved to EC2 in May 2009. We only started getting reports of slowness about three weeks ago, which we could also see in our logs and monitoring. The number of reports got worse as time went on, but we didn't see it ourselves, so it was hard to track down a specific cause. reddit is just text, so you guys are clearly morons -- False While reddit is just text when it leaves our servers, there is a whole lot going on under the hood. It is a highly customized user experience, on par with something like Facebook (just not as many users). We do 100's of transactions every second. While we may be doing some things wrong, it's a lot more than just 'select - from comments where article = "foo"' Let's start at the beginning. Here is a simplified version of reddit's architecture: The area where we are having trouble right now is that purple section in the middle that says "memcaches". Specifically, we are having problems with memcachedb, which is where we store a bunch of precomputed listings, like all the listing pages, profile pages, inboxes; pretty much any list on reddit that is too expensive to calculate on the fly. A few years ago, we decided to md5 all of our cache keys. We did this because at the time memcached (which is what memcachedb is based on) could only take keys of a certain length. In fact, the version it is based on still has this limitation. MD5ing the keys was a good solution to this problem, so we thought. It turns out that this one little decision makes it so that we can't horizontally scale that layer of our architecture without losing all the data already there (because all of the keys would point to the wrong server if we added a new one). While we could recalculate all the data, it would take weeks to do so. And that is in fact what we will be doing. Memcachedb has served us well, but it is getting old. It can no longer return data fast enough for our needs, due to the way it interacts with BDb (its underlying data store). We will soon be picking a new data store to replace memcachedb and recalculating all of the data for it, most likely by adding the new cache into the cache chain, and then recalculating what is left after a few weeks. But in the mean time, what we have done is spin up 5 new instances to run memcached. This allowed us to expand the size of the memcache in front of memcachedb to 6GB (up from 2GB). Right now, this means that about 94% of each database is in RAM. As our site grows, this fix will fail us, but hopefully it buys us enough time until we can replace the data store. As usual, if you want to tell us why we suck at our jobs, feel free to leave some comments on this post. One of the main problems with our request to "message a moderator" when you have a problem on a given reddit has been that it is completely opaque as to which moderator to message. Much lore has been generated on many reddits as to who is the "good" or the "responsive" moderator, and many messages have fallen to the wayside by choosing unwisely. By the same token, it is unfair to the moderators that they are unable to see over what may very well be community-wide issues. To mitigate both of these, we've created a separate moderator inbox for each reddit which can be messaged by composing a PM to "# redditname " (with the hashmark stolen from IRC parlance). So, for now on, to reach the admin's box, send a message to "#reddit.com" and we'll get back to you. For other reddits, we've added a handy link to the moderator box. From a moderator's viewpoint, we've make a UI tweak to differentiate your moderator inbox from your regular inbox: And a new orangered alien for when you have moderator mail: Clicking on the alien will bring you to your moderation inbox. In this view, you'll see the messages to all of the reddits you moderate organized with the newest on top. Clicking on the name of the reddit (in the blue bubble on the top left) will bring you to a view that shows messages for that reddit alone. This view is also accessible from the "moderator toolbox" on each of your reddits. One thing to note in responding to these messages: when you participate on a message thread initiated by a user, everything in the conversation will be sent back to the user as an implicit CC. tldr : Don't message one moderator, message all moderators. In pursuit of making reddit easier to use, we've added the ability to get private RSS feeds to parts of the site that would normally require you to log in. The new set of feeds is available thru your preference page , and is available (currently) in both RSS and JSON. [If you are worried about the security of this, we've added a preference to disable it, and set it up so that all feeds will be invalidated once you change your password.] The first example of its use is the front page: we want you to be able to customize your subscriptions to different reddits, but up until now there was no way to get a feed of your personalized front page without passing us your login cookie. This is sometimes handled gracefully by browsers, but seldom by other feed readers. By the same method, we're also generating RSS links for your saved, liked, disliked and hidden pages, as well as to get the contents of your inbox (even your unread tab). And for the moderators in the audience: you'll now find that both the spam and reported listings of your reddits have RSS available. In this case, though, you'll find the feed on the page in question rather than on your preference page. This should make it much easier to keep dibs on what is making its way onto your reddit's spam pages. We've also fixed a bug on those listings that was breaking hiding of links, so moderators will now have the capacity (at least individually) to clear out their spam listing. So, about 8 hours after we put up new markdown rendering engine , our call to find exploits was a complete success, and here is the new white-hat who found it. Besides discovering a bug in the way that discount dealt with escaped quotes in certain places (with thanks to David Parsons of Discount for getting out a patch so quickly), we learned that we should probably set up some guidelines for how to report exploits to us. So, we created a wiki page on help . For those of you who don't know the details of how the infamous worm spread on reddit 5 months ago, here's the short story: a bunch of white-hats created a reddit where they tried to create a proof-of-principle worm that would append itself as a reply to all of the comments in a given page. The whole thing was contained to a shared comment thread, and all of the testing was contained to that thread...until one of the users went to their inbox. You see, the replying JS is common in both areas, so an exploit that works on a comment thread works in your inbox. Your inbox, though, has, in principle, comments from all sorts of other comment threads from all over the site. The result was that the worm got out and was allowed to spread freely until we took down (and later patched) the markdown renderer. The lesson and tldr: please don't post or test for exploits in any shared or public areas. PM us and then make sure your work is well hidden. Once the genie is out, it's hard for us to re-cork it. As most of you know, reddit's commenting system uses a technology called Markdown that allows you to type stuff like: My [site](http://something.com) is -really- cool. ...and have it rendered as: My site is really cool. We get so many comments (and comment-viewings) per second that doing this translation has always been a major burden on our servers. The more CPU cycles we spend on it, the more application servers we need, and in turn the more connections going to our database servers, the more places we have to roll code out to, and all sorts of other growth problems. But you shouldn't feel one ten-thousandth of a guilt unit over this news, because we've just switched our rendering engine from markdown.py (which is nothing to sneeze at and has served us well since the beginning) to a 100%-compatible, pure-C implementation of Markdown known as Discount . (Get it?) In our tests, Discount is fifteen times faster than markdown.py, which should allow us to reclaim some of our computing power and devote it to other areas of the site that are struggling. If you happen to be the sort of person who can't resist looking for security holes in any new technology, and you come across one here, please let us know quietly, rather than choosing to announce your finding in the form of a worm which takes out the entire site . DO NOT SHARE YOUR EXPLOIT WITH ANYONE ELSE. I promise that we'll immediately get to work on the problem as soon as you tell us, and once it's fixed, we'll give you full credit ... as well as the special new ultra-rare "White Hat" trophy. We're also retroactively giving it to previous responsible disclosers chromakode and notrael . The aptly-named javascriptinjection , who wrote and accidentally released the aforementioned worm, will get one too, but only because he immediately got in touch with us as soon as he realized what he had done, then later found a second vulnerability and reported that one the nice way. Hats off to our winners! tl;dr: If you see any wonky comments, tell us . P.S. Special thanks to David Parsons, who is the author and maintainer of Discount and has just been an all-around great guy with respect to this big change. He patiently and quickly answered my endless stream of questions about his code, and even added features to the library that we would have otherwise had to hack in ourselves as a patch. Check out his website , too; it includes photos of his casemod projects and detailed visual archives of some amateur experiments in the field of recombinant DNA research. It was a hell of a day for reddit's Engineering team. 25% of the department (i.e., Chris ) was in New York on Conde Nast business -- I imagine him smoking cigars with bigwigs while everyone's riding polo horses. The rest of us ( David , Jeremy , and me) were preparing for a road trip to the Googleplex to videotape the Peter Norvig AMA . Right when our trio was getting ready to hit the road, news broke that some reddit users were seeing a pop-up ad right smack in the middle of our site. This was a surprise to us, and wasn't even supposed to be possible, but we had an appointment to get to, so we pulled Chris away from, I presume, the squash court to handle things. I'll pass the mic to him to explain how it went: So, honestly, the first thing I thought when I saw that post on the front page was, "oh &#-% . I'm going to have to bludgeon myself to death with my own keyboard, because if I don't someone is going to remind me that I said I would " About half a second later I thought, "well, I'm doomed, but I can at least save the site from further abuse," so I shut off all site-wide ads post haste and hoped that this would give us a chance to figure out what had happened. Soon after, we figured out that this was what we will refer to as a "whoopsie" on the part of our ad systems, and that we had accidentally started running ads from another of our parent company's sites (yes, that's what advertising looks like on other parts of the internet. It is considered "normal". Please buy a T-shirt ...!) The issue was fixed before we had noticed it, but the damage was done. We've decided internally that the best possible fix for this will be to run the ad unit from an &lt;iframe&gt; on a separate domain which will prevent it from busting out by browser security rules (kind of like what we do currently on video embeds). There was nothing malicious involved. This was, apparently, a "feature" of that ad campaign, though it was not intended for us. This was all done in the bit of time I had between meetings. [Oh, and before I forget, don't believe what your manservant tells you: polo is overrated.] Mike here again. Meanwhile, back in Mountain View, the rest of the team had met up with Peter and, after a terrific lunch on Google's dime, grabbed a conference room and began the interview. As Murphy's Law would have it, the site starting acting funny right around the time Jeremy pressed Record. We noticed that our silenced phones seemed to be vibrating a lot more than usual, and so David and I quietly checked things out as best we could while Jeremy ran the show. (When we post the video, you may notice the sound of some frantic off-camera typing.) As soon as the taping was finished, we started discussing the anomaly. Within a minute or two of us flipping our ringers back on, all of our phones started simultaneously making the "reddit is in -really- big trouble" noise. The site was down; we didn't even have time to give our hosts a proper goodbye, but instead asked if we could sit in the parking lot and mooch some more WiFi. Google's hospitality, however, was exemplary: they invited us to sit on couches in their lobby for as long as we wanted and help ourselves to all the WiFi we needed. We set up an emergency base of operations next to the reception desk and got Chris on the horn as well. David and Jeremy had brought their laptops along, but mine was 45 minutes away back at reddit HQ, so I had to commandeer one from a generous passerby. (You know who you are. Thanks!) After an hour of rushed coast-to-coast debugging, we had patched things up well enough to survive the trip home. It had been an exciting day, and the Googleplex is every bit the nerd utopia it's reported to be. It's the sort of place where one can leave a laptop sitting on the floor unattended and know that not only is it perfectly safe, but that nobody's going to bat an eyelash over it. For more information, see: Our official statement on pop-over ads Your official statement on pop-over ads (warning: dirty words) Chris's nerdsplanation of the technical difficulties --> If you've visited reddit at all since the earthquake that rocked Haiti two weeks ago, you've undoubtedly noticed the outpouring of support from the reddit community . In fact, we've convinced digg to compete with reddit in fundraising for DirectRelief , which means great things for the people of Haiti; finally a chance for us to use this community rivalry for some good. That said, they've got some catching up to do. Our fundraiser for DirectRelief is nearing $180,000 -- a remarkable feat -- and our non-profit partners took some time to answer your top 10 questions from a recent AMA interview . Here are their answers. Links mentioned in the Q&amp;A: UN Logistics Cluster for the Haiti response http://www.logcluster.org/ops/hti10a Official updates from all UN clusters http://reliefweb.int/rw/rwb.nsf/doc106?OpenForm&amp;view=rwlusppublished&amp;po=72&amp;cc=hti&amp;so=16&amp;stc=or(UNO)&amp;offset=0&amp;hits=50&amp;sortby=rwpubdate&amp;sortdirection=descending 
It's been a long time and I'm proud to say, I'm back writing again! Finally managed to catch a match proper, on a weekday at an ungodly hour of 4am. Liverpool up against Arsenal, who've slumped to defeats at the hands of Man United and Chelsea. And their respond to the defeats came just in time. On a night when Man Utd drew and Chelsea lost. In a surprising turn of event, Arsenal managed to claw their way back into title contention while Liverpool could only watch as the top three teams surging further and further away from them. After a good run of results including 6 clean sheets in 7, a game at the Emirates still proved to be a challenged. The Reds have an abysmal record against Arsenal whether is it a home or away game and just the mention of 'Andrei Arshavin' would have many of you cringing already. Once again, another visit to the Emirates and another empty handed trip down south. A lapse of concentration from Liverpool's defence was enough to give Arsenal the win. At the highest level of football, that was all that is required. A mistake and a reaction that is milliseconds slow. Tomas Rosicky was able to provide after a good move down the right and his cross was met by an unmarked Abou Diaby in the 75th minute. He rose unchallenged in the Liverpool penalty box after evading some slack marking from substitute, Philipp Degen. The Swiss, honestly, doesn't impress me at all for the longest of time. He replaced Jamie Carragher midway through the second half and there I thought 'Oh no, disaster waiting to happen'. Sure it did. He's not the fastest and prone to some niggly fouls throughout. He's constantly out of position due to his 'attacking' sense and 'just-run-forward' mentality. There was an occasion where Liverpool was nearly punished due to him running blindly forward leaving a huge gap behind. Well let's be honest, Degen wasn't the only one who was bad. I guess I'm still not impressed with the performance of Maxi Rodriguez but I shall give him a benefit of a doubt due to his recent arrival and the need for him to acclimatise and familiarise himself with the team. David N'gog proved to be a spectator throughout and when he's called into action during that one-on-one situation, he panicked and William Gallas was able to make a last ditch tackle. That was probably Liverpool's best chance. Steven Gerrard, though posed some threat but wasn't able to impose himself. His attitude didn't help either. Don't know if it's me or he just struts around expecting perfect passes for him. One stray pass and he just flings his arms with disappointment like a kid with his toys taken away from him. To be honest, a draw will be a fair enough result as both teams didn't look threatening at all and were not at their best. But Arsenal was able to compound on the slip-up in Liverpool's defence and made them pay. Who said Arsenal weren't clinical? This was a show of them playing not as beautifully as they always do and yet still win. Written by Gareth Freeman, a sports writer promoting Irish racing and racing tips for today.&nbsp; Tuesday night’s win over Aston Villa may not have been the best game of football ever played but on that particular night the result was all that counted. Neither side played particularly well and the closest we came to a goal in normal time was probably a couple of penalty shouts that were waved away. However, deep into stoppage time Fernando Torres popped up with a crucial goal and wrote himself into Liverpool folklore. His 50th Premier League goal saw him become the fastest player in the Reds history to reach that mark in the Premier League (72 games) and gave Rafael Benitz and co a massive boost in terms of a Champions League place. The festive period overall was a decent time for Benitez. The loss to Pompey was as upsetting as it was shocking but since then Liverpool have recorded back to back wins over Villa and Wolves and have closed the gap at the top. The Reds now lie four points adrift of Tottenham in fourth, who are the next league opponents on January 10. Following the victory over Villa the game against Spurs is now massive and Liverpool have a great opportunity to push on and break into the Champions League places. Another bonus has been the emergence of Alberto Aquilani. The Italian has now played in the last two games and against Wolves especially looked a quality player. He perhaps hasn’t set the world on fire just yet but it can take time to settle into the Premier League and with time he could be a massive boost for Liverpool’s European hopes. Steven Gerrard has had his fair share of criticism so far this season but he did put in a great display against Wolves. No one, aside from Torres, shone against Villa in all fairness but for a team to play badly and still beat one of their nearest rivals is not necessarily a bad thing. Captain Gerrard believes it will be difficult but remains confident the club can secure a top-four spot. He said: "We've virtually got everyone back fit now so there are no excuses now. We need to go on a run of winning games. "Can we secure a top-four spot? It is going to be difficult. There are a lot of fantastic teams about. I am sure teams will spend in January. "It will be a race to the very end and we've got to make sure we are in it." A possible switch to Barcelona has proved an extremely drawn out transfer saga for Javier Mascherano. I can’t remember exactly when the rumours started but there were rumblings throughout the summer and despite the window closing when the season began it has still hit the news on a fairly regular basis. We’ve been told he has demanded a move, a deal is already in place and that there are no foundations to the rumours at all – so what do we believe? In truth, the speculation doesn’t really matter until the player says something – a factor that has been lacking in this particular saga until now. Masch hasn’t actually said he wants to leave and has stated he is committed to playing well for Liverpool. However, he hardly expresses his desire to stay with the club and his comments are, unfortunately, very ambiguous. "I am playing for Liverpool, I am a Liverpool player and like the manager says I have two more years on my contract and don't have to say anything else," explained Masch. "I play for Liverpool and will continue to do my best." See what I mean? Perhaps I’m being overly negative (I hope so) but to me these are quite worrying comments and he could well be on his way, if not in January perhaps next summer. Should the Argentine decide to depart Anfield it would perhaps not impact as greatly on the club as the loss of Xabi Alonso did. Mascherano is a great combative midfielder and capable of breaking up the opponents play as well as starting moves of his own but it is a role where there are plenty of candidates to replace him. Barcelona’s Yaya Toure could possibly be part of a swap deal and in all honesty I think he is probably a better player. Lucas will have another season under his belt and he is starting to improve. In the Premier League Sunderland’s Lee Cattermole could be a good option should Masch decide to move on. Liverpool’s standing at the end of the season may prove a decisive factor for Mascherano. If the Reds can finish in the top-four or win the FA Cup or Europa League he may opt to stick with Rafael Benitez. The player himself hasn’t given up hope of adding some silverware to his trophy cabinet at the end of the campaign. He added: "It is not a good season, but everything can change and in May we could be talking about Liverpool winning something," Written by Gareth Freeman, a sports writer promoting betting tips and Irish racing . Everton &nbsp; 0 Liverpool &nbsp;&nbsp; 2 (Yobo 12 og, Kuyt 80) Football. Funny old game. You just got to feel for Everton. They got the short end of the stick this time and despite putting in a fairly decent performance and troubled Liverpool well enough, still they slump to a undeserving 2-0 defeat to their bitter city rival. With almost a dozen of players out injured, the patched up Everton side were firmly in control throughout the game and if not for some terrible finishing and Pepe Reina’s miraculous saves, the result could’ve been so different. But I guess that’s what football is about. It’s not the amount of chances. Not how well or how beautiful the link-up plays are. It’s just putting the ball into the back of the net. Everton had the chance but unfortunately, blew it. Liverpool, meanwhile, dared to try and twice they did, twice they scored. Fortunes, sometimes does favour the brave. With Rafa Benitez’s men knocked out of Champions League, the Reds entered this week at all-time low. Everton must’ve thought it’s the perfect time for them to put one past their city rivals. But lady luck decided to shine on Liverpool that particular day. I can’t remember any one with the red jersey actually testing Tim Howard or posed any threats to his goal. But still, he had to pick the ball out of his net twice. Not known for scoring goals, Javier Mascherano tried a low drive which came off Joseph Yobo and Howard had totally no chance. You could tell how important that goal was for Liverpool from the Argentinian’s celebration. He went berserk. And it definitely lifted the away side. &nbsp;But still, Liverpool were very much pinned to their own half and were playing cautiously most of the time. David Ngog, the sole front man, was left isolated up top and had little support. His first derby game was probably a forgettable one as he was out-muscled by Yobo and Heitinga. Steven Gerrard. Less said about him in this game the better. He looked totally out of form and provided zero support for the inexperienced David Ngog. A leader on the pitch in physical sense but I’ve never seen him this subdued for quite a while. Did he miss Torres this much? The Spanish hotshot’s absence meant that Liverpool’s goalscoring threat diminished. Other players have to step up and guess who? It’s always going to be Dirk Kuyt. The Dutch striker, although a little over-enthusiastic sometimes, proves to be a reliable player and no wonder Rafa Benitez values him so much. It was his goal-poaching instincts that brought about the second goal which effectively finished the game off. But before I go into the goal, I must say the introduction of Albert Riera and Yossi Benayoun did change the game in favour of Liverpool. The duo caused problems for the Everton defence, giving the Reds a little more width and creativity. It was the presence of the extra attacker which Everton failed to handle and again, Joseph Yobo blundered, gifting Riera an opportunity to take a pot shot. Howard spilled the ball and Kuyt was at the right place, right time to slot home. Despite not being a spectacle and in fact, a rather uncomfortable match to watch as a Liverpool fan, it was a very, very important win for Liverpool. The team went through a really rough patch recently and the ugly and undeserved win was actually a welcoming one. It will definitely boost the morale and propel them to close and gap and fight for a top 4 finish this season. We’ve been saying nearly every week that whoever the Reds are playing it is a ‘must win’ game and the visit of City to Anfield is as big as any game Liverpool have faced this season. Mark Hughes’ side are one point and one place above Liverpool and a win over the blue half of Manchester would go along way to restoring some faith in Rafael Benitez and his Liverpool squad. The massive bonus for Benitez is the fact that Steven Gerrard has ruled himself fit for the fixture with City. This is what the Liverpool captain has had to say: "I've had a problem in my groin that has taken a while to get over but I'm just relieved the second injection seems to have done the trick. "It's a case of so far so good and the aim now is to make sure I get a good week's training under my belt so I'm ready for the game with City." Great news about Gerrard, but striker Fernando Torres will play no part as he struggles with an abdominal strain. Yossi Benayoun and Albert Riera are also ruled out while Glen Johnson, Daniel Agger and Fabio Aurelio are all doubtful ahead of City’s visit. It remains to be seen whether we’ll get to see Alberto Aquilani or not but with Gerrard back in the fold this is certainly a winnable game for Liverpool. City will be without winger Martin Petrov, while Robinho and Gareth Barry are also listed as doubtful but they have plenty of players to cover and expect a strong line-up. At a guess I would say City will probably line up with Emmanuel Adebayor, Carlos Teve and Craig Bellamy in attack – a formidable line up to say the least. However, Tevez has never been the most prolific striker in front of goal, Adebayor has suffered a dip in form since his antics against Arsenal and Bellamy can be a bit hit and miss. The game has all the makings of a classic. Liverpool need to win to keep up with the chasing pack at the top of the table, while City have something to prove against the bigger clubs after all their summer spending. I’m not going to hazard a guess at the result as on paper it is a bit close to call, I do think we’re in for a great game though and with home advantage Liverpool should be the favourites. Written by Gareth Freeman, a sports writer promoting horse racing Ireland and the Aintree Grand National 2010 for Betfair. There seems to be almost constant speculation in regards to defensive midfielder Javier Mascherano’s Liverpool future. On what feels like a daily basis a story emerges about a possible transfer to Barcelona with some sections of the media going as far as to state he is certainly heading to Camp Nou in January in a £36million deal. However, Spanish sports publication Sport has today reported that there is no ‘concrete foundation’ to the rumours. The player himself has apparently voiced his dislike of the English lifestyle and climate, but for a player earning so much money and being a regular in the starting eleven at a club like Liverpool surely this is a small price to pay (although, granted the weather is terrible). Unless Mascherano hands in a transfer request then I just can’t see Rafael Benitez selling him. Another point to consider is the World Cup in South Africa next summer. Masch is a regular in the Argentina national side and he will retain his place in Diego Maradona’s midfield as long as he is playing regular first-team football. At Anfield he is pretty much guaranteed a starting place, but a move to Barcelona may see him sat on the sidelines until he has settled into the side and I doubt the 25-year-old would want to put his World Cup spot in jeopardy. Sport have claimed to have been in contact with both Barca and Liverpool, with both denying they have been in contact with regards to the player. If this is true it would seem as if there is no truth in the speculation linking Masch with a move to Camp Nou. There are a couple of other transfer rumours doing the rounds, here is a quick run through them. Carlton Cole : It has been reported that both Liverpool and Manchester United are battling it out to sign West Ham’s Carlton Cole, who is valued at £20million. There could be some truth in this as Liverpool could certainly do with another striker, whether the Hammers would be willing to let him go or not remains to be seen. Ryan Shawcross : Again, United have also been linked with Shawcross but the defender has just agreed a contract extension at Stoke and it seems unlikely he will head to Anfield or Old Trafford anytime soon. Simon Kjaer : This 20-year-old defender has been getting rave reviews for is performances at Serie A side Palmero. However, the club don’t want to sell the Danish stopper and if a move does materialise, it will be next summer. Eljero Elia : Hamburg’s Dutch winger only made the switch to the Bundesliga in the summer but is already attracting interest. Reports suggest the Reds will make a £15million move in January – with Ryan Babel possibly heading the other way. Eduardo : Arsenal striker Eduardo has been linked with a £10million switch to Anfield in January – for me this is just pure speculation and I can’t see this one happening at all to be totally honest. Written by Gareth Freeman, a sports writer promoting Irish racing and racing tips for today for Betfair. So much promise and yet, Liverpool’s title hopes seemed to have imploded even before the league reaches its quarter mark. It was definitely a depressing view for most fans as the shocking 3-1 lost to Fulham seemed to have marked an end of the road for the Reds and their title ambition. After a morale boosting 2-0 win over Man Utd last week, it looked as though things could only get better as Liverpool endured through a ‘Black October’ with 4 consecutive losses. But by the 80 th minute, Liverpool and Rafael Benitez seemed to have taken this game so lightly that it all seemed like a pre-season friendly or they’ve already won the title. Nathan Ecclestone? Philip Degen? Daniel Ayala? In a Premiership match where so much mattered? Is Rafa having a laugh here? Liverpool’s defence had been undeniably shaky since the start of season and I personally can’t remember the number of times we actually kept a clean sheet. It was the same at Craven Cottage as we saw how Bobby Zamora, albeit not the best striker in the land in any sense, ran rings round a dejected and tired-looking Jamie Carragher. After his heroics last week, Carragher was back to his early season form and it’s no wonder he was sent off for bringing down Zamora. He was outpaced and outsmarted and he had no options. Neither did the referee. But the referee did had a questionable decision when he sent off Philip Degen for a awful looking but non-malicious tackle. It was one of those moments where you’ll turn towards your friends and ask ‘what the heck?’ But referee’s decisions aside, it was an awful, awful game from Liverpool’s point of view. Other than Fernando Torres, who has suddenly turned into Steven Gerrard circa pre-Torres era, the rest cannot be spared from any sort of criticism. What happened to that team that looked so good at Anfield a week ago? Is Liverpool suffering from a post-natal depression of a bipolar disorder. I would go for the latter. With decision to remove goalscorer, Torres, in the 60 odd minutes, the strange bipolar performances of the team could be attributed to Mr. Rafa Benitez himself. Let me make myself clear, I do love this man. But I guess it’s time for him to go. Many more would join me in this bandwagon IF we don’t make it through to the Champions League knockout stage this Wednesday. It is not only a do-or-die match for Liverpool and their European ambition but also it’s his job right there, on the guillotine. Probably things have gone a little stale at Anfield and many are getting impatient. It’s year after year of the same old, except for last season where we finished high up and it smelled like title this season. But the Anfield faithfuls have to endure yet another disappointing and probably, trophy-less season. The over-achievement of last season could’ve been an added pressure on Benitez, a limestone hung around his neck. Added on to these are the miraculous 2005 Champions league win and the 2006 FA Cup. Thereafter, it’s years of wilderness and there seemed no stopping of Liverpool walking further into the desert and hypothetically, could’ve turned into a team that is only motivated enough to beat their fierce rivals. Sounds like Man City before Thaksin? I personally think that there’s no more turning back for Rafael Benitez. Even if Liverpool does triumph over Lyon this coming Wednesday, that probably does not change the fact that there is a huge change needed at Liverpool. I know the club represents and stands for stability, seeing the number of managers actually ‘sacked’ from the club. But I can’t bear to see the club going down this way. I’m not a doomsday merchant or a knee-jerk reactor. I’m just a little jaded and want to see some changes in the club. For now, 5 losses in 11 games. We can realistically count ourselves out of the title race and focus on at least getting into the top 4. If Man City are to maintain this sort of form, it could be quite a challenge and it will be pretty embarrassing to say the least. So what will be Liverpool’s response this Wednesday? I sincerely hope it’s not going to be another limp and half-hearted performance. I really, really hope not… By: Gareth Freeman The result last weekend was undoubtedly a huge one for Rafael Benitez and his Liverpool side. Beating the old enemy and closing the gap between the top sides as vastly important for Liverpool but it will count for very little if they don’t take all three points off Fulham on Saturday. Craven Cottage is often a hard place to go but fingers crossed Steven Gerrard should be back in action and we may finally get too see Italian Alberto Aquilani for the first time in the league. Fulham should not be dismissed though as they have some decent players themselves. Liverpool may be the heavy favourites with the online betting odds , and rightly so, but the Cottagers have the talent to cause an upset. In defence Norwegian Brede Hangeland has established himself as a top class centre-half and is also capable of popping up with a goal or two from set plays. His displays for Fulham have led to interest from the likes of Spurs and Arsenal and he is a difficult man to pass. His defensive colleagues such as Aaron Hughes, Chris Baird and John Panstil are perhaps not of the same standard and there are holes in the Fulham back line. Fulham boss Roy Hodgson has built a very well organised and efficient side at Craven Cottage. In midfield players such as Clint Dempsey and Damien Duff have plenty of quality and on their day they’re capable of competing with anyone – as they showed by coming back from two down to draw with Manchester City. The one area they are lacking a bit of bite in my opinion is in attack. Striker Bobby Zamora has a good all round game, he runs the lines and holds the ball up well but his scoring record is not as impressive as perhaps it should be. He seems to have lost a bit of confidence in front of goal and missed an absolute sitter against City, which was a shame as otherwise he had a really good game. It won’t be a stroll in the park for Liverpool but I wouldn’t bet against them at Fulham. After the great result against Manchester United they should head into this full of confidence, despite their Carling Cup exit. With Gerrard fit again, Torres in form and Aquliani’s league debut imminent the Reds should push on from here and three points at Fulham would go a long way to proving their doubters they can still compete with the best in the league. 
 For the 7 of you who are still reading this blog, you may have noticed, that i am on hiatus. I'm getting married in less than two weeks, plus Polish girl and i have just closed on a house. So i am very busy, with a little bit of busy added on top of that. This blog is on hold for now and hopefully one day... five, six years from now, I'll get it back up and running again. My mind is still humming and i still have blog entries dancing around my head. Unfortunately, i do not have the time to sit down and write them out in neat blog prose. till we meet again, Historelli This past weekend, Nik Social and I (with several others) aided in the eventual release of a gargoyle. We were guided by master carver Franco Minervini, who showed us how to work limestone on a model of a humanoid griffin. The actual gargoyle sits atop the National Cathedral in Washington, where Master Minervini worked during the late 1980s. Stone carving is the reverse of molding because instead of putting material together to create a figure, you must take bits and pieces away to free a form. Besides the difference in technique, working stone is much more profound and permanent compared to clay or even paint. Not only in the sense that the finished piece will most likely outlast the artist by centuries, but also for the reason that the actual activity of shaping stone is primeval and ancient. Even a beginner (with any sense of geology) can understand the connection. Stone is eternal; working it forces you to contemplate millennia. Furthermore, stone is rough and until coaxed properly, unyielding. A novice will swell his hands, scrape his knuckles and breathe in dust before continuing. And yet, the finished product can be as refined and polished as the finest impressionist painting. I wasn’t sure what I would find before taking this stone carving workshop, I did know that I wanted to better comprehend the craft and how it relates to my own roots. Master Minervini stems from the city of Molfetta, where my parents were also born and were 95% of my known ancestors come from. Minervini’s teacher at the National Cathedral was the late great carver, Vincent Palumbo, a fifth generation master whose family also ran shops in Molfetta. Anyone whose been to Molfetta or even seen a picture of the place would not be surprised by the genesis of stone carvers the city initiates. Comprised of sun-scorched limestone buildings, Molfetta shines with a brightness that beautifully contrasts with the deep blue Adriatic and the surrounding olive groves. Years ago, its inhabitants fished the sea, farmed the land or worked the stone. All of my ancestors survived via these trades, and I believe it is essential to experience these fundamentals in order to be healthy and fulfilled, especially in today’s world of text messaging and reality shows. A little bit of that old-world essence was at hand this past weekend. Working with master Minervini caused limestone dust to fill the air, which then combined with a distant aroma of cooking. I thought to myself, this smells familiar. Shortly after, Nik turned to me quizzically, and said: “It’s weird, but right now it almost smells like Molfetta.” There was this cigar bar lounge called “Retailers,” where I spent entirely way too much time in during my early to mid-twenties. My crew knew all the names of the more sizzling waitresses and they reciprocated our suave by giving us lots of free drinks and more importantly allowing us to stay later than the supposed 4 am closing hour. Several evenings ended with navigations through morning rush hour after episodes of drinking through snifters and swivels. One particular night, my floral friend Cosmo pulled me away from the blond waitress I was working on and asked me if this “guy” he was talking to… "was really him.” Curious, I walked over to the bar, pressed my face into his visage, and came to the conclusion that I was indeed staring at dancer extraordinaire: Patrick Swayze. I turned to Cosmo and replied. “Yeah, that’s him.” Cosmo responded by purchasing shots of the most expensive of tequilas. Now, Johnny Castle was already half-zooted. Apparently, an altercation with his wife had caused him to go on a bender and by the time he got to us, he had already assembled an entourage of young girls, Asian men and one very insecure Italian restaurateur who acted like he was the actor’s keeper. Cosmo continuously poured drinks for his new celebrity friend, even forcing Swayze to call his mother up in Jersey and tell her that her son was really a good guy. Since it was on the wrong side of 4 am, I don’t think mama Cosmo appreciated the gesture. The rest of the night is sort of blurry to me. As I sat in a corner table with my lady friend, Cosmo assaulted the Italian guy, imploring him to “go home.” Then, he took some curtains down and wore them as a cape. Mr. Chiapas, who was still wet behind the ears at the time, over-appreciated Mr. Swayze with several bear hugs and even put his scarf around the actor’s neck and pulled it back and forth, kinda like a burlesque dancer would do…. Now, I do not encourage swooning over celebrities, especially ones that were part of the epic drama “Roadhouse.” However, if you ever have the chance to sit back and relax while your friends chase down and manhandle a famous actor, I strongly suggest you appreciate the situation. Unfortunately, Mr. Swayze may not be long for this world, so I would like to thank him now for a very funny night. I love birds. I don’t know why exactly. Maybe because when I was growing up the faraway places I saw on National Geographic were too out of reach, so I settled for more suburban game. When you’re a kid interested in lions, tigers and monkey-eating eagles, it’s not easy to do field research. Luckily, I grew up with a big back yard, with lots bugs and birds. Not the same as the ones shown on TV, but good enough. I spent a lot of time out there learning the names of those bugs &amp; birds and even began to understand what eats what and all the other laws of nature afforded to a kid during summertime. The bird thing has never gone away. Just like baked ziti, pin-striped uniforms and green-eyed girls, I’ve never lost my affinity for flying creatures. Whenever I need to reclaim clarity, I take a brief birding tour and put things back into perspective. It doesn’t hurt that most birds are out of human range. When babbling brooks and warbling warblers replace cell phones and honking horns, it’s easier to reach a Zen like state. Bird watching is somewhat about lists. Birders will go out of their way to seek out rare species or seasonal birds that only appear once a year during migration. I too am guilty of this practice. Last week, a Eurasian subspecies of teal was spotted in the Meadowlands and I wandered toward the sighting with the hopes of checking it off on my life list. The Eurasian Teal differs only slightly from our own Green-winged teal, but since it is a variation of the “regular” native teal, crazed birders need to go see it and check it off their lists. However, I know that the list thing is superficial and it was another bird that helped me realize this. After checking the Eurasian teal off my list,” (btw, a teal is a type of duck) I turned up the path and flushed a pair of decent sized long-eared owls. Now, there are a few things you should experience before the worms eat you. One of those things is to stand face to face with a wild owl. After withstanding the bright yellow-eyed glare of this creature, I fully understand why owls are patrons of Halloween and also the symbol for wisdom. If you move, an owl will follow you with its gaze and if you blink, it is so quiet you won’t even know it flew away. I literally froze in my tracks. Needless to say, the owl won the stare down and I went home to ponder my thoughts, not really worried about much. Let us recap. According to the previous three-part epic, atmosphere dictates mood and as a result, any scary environment can create monsters. Moreover, ( if you re member a similar HSC post from October) , there is a difference between real fear and the nonsense type of panic that the television feeds us everyday. Therefore, if certain places are haunted, (that is…if the actual essence of certain air is uniquely and unremittingly putrid, something disgusting will eventually show up) and within these authentically scary places lurk true monsters, those who acknowledge this formula should surely experience the core spirit of the holiday. But even if this is true, is it wise to do so? During Halloween, we explore spooky scenes and give candy to dirty little children who show up to our door begging all in the merriment of the unknown, which in its different forms can scare anyone. Not the type of “scared” that puts butterflies in your stomach before the start of new job or the trepidation that chills the bones upon the realization that a child-molester like Curt Schilling will win another World Series. This type of fear is more ancient. Perhaps it is a primeval peculiarity we claim to want relief from, but in reality just want a chance to tap into its source of ogreish orgasm. We have all felt it but only a few of us have the penchant ability to turnkey it into something tangible. I am curious about those who can truly translate Halloween. A few weeks back, Polish Girl and I paid homage to the home and grave of Washington Irving, America’s first celebrity writer and creator of such characters like the Headless Horseman and Rip Van Winkle. Originally from Manhattan, Irving spent some of his childhood in the Tarrytown/Sleepy Hallow sections of Westchester County and the atmosphere of the place stuck with him for the rest of his life. In fact, when Irving wrote the Legend of Sleepy Hollow he was actually living in Spain but the reminder of his days in New York resonated so soundly within his memory, he was able to cite specific locations and characters with little difficulty. When visiting his home today (now an historic landmark known as Sunnyside) it is impossible not to get a taste of this specter. It doesn’t hurt that pumpkins and headless horsemen adorn the entire town, a smart form of marketing by local residents trying to cash in on their most famous son. Of course, the people of Tarrytown did not invent the ghosts Irving wrote about, since the original Dutch settlers only recognized what the Indians they encountered knew for centuries; something is not quite right about that area near Sleepy Hollow. Maybe it took a different mind (like Irving’s) to dissect what others realized but never had the ability to highlight. On the other hand, maybe those before Irving were just too frightened to do so. Interestingly, the frequency of ghosts is not something solely attributable to Sleepy Hollow or even New Orleans , a place I recently visited that seems securely penetrated by the allure of goblins. The truth is that we are all surrounded by the unfamiliar and nameless, but either we are unable or just reluctant to obverse it. For example, my loyal readers like F. White, the Chiapas crew, Nik Social, Frank A. and Mr. &amp; Mrs. Moe Green all live in a very very haunted town. Evil has been enveloping its residents for decades. In 1870, their home, then known as Union Township was home to a sweet German woman until a bout of hallucinations caused her to attempt suicide and eventually land her in the Insane Asylum. Nearly 50 years later, this quiet little town located in the Meadowlands again made headlines when it’s Health Inspector gunned down a former mayor. Later, the Health Inspector slit his wrists and died in the bathroom of his home on Willow Ave. I wonder if his ghost still haunts that street... The crazies from this town seem to have ventured northward, even infiltrating the territory of Sister Lucy and her family. According to reports from 1924, a man named Solaski swallowed a chain of gold then went insane after the necessary stomach surgery. After the operation, he escaped from Hackensack Hospital and then beat down a bunch of police officers from the neighboring town. They shot him seven times but he still lived. I wonder if his energy is still running wild in that area… My other readers may feel safe at this time but they aren’t… Across the river from the aforementioned place in the meadowlands, fellow blogger Ricky may have to deal with flying ghostly body parts. In 1929, a 20-year old bootlegger watched for police while his friends made some illegal booze. Although, I’m not sure if they made any good hooch, they did succeed in blowing up their house. Authorities found the lookout guy in pieces nearly two blocks away! Meanwhile, Gus lives practically next door to the final resting place of Jennie Bosschieter, a young pretty mill girl who was drugged, assaulted then murdered by four wealthy businessmen from Paterson. I wonder if anyone or anything still visits her grave? Hmm… who did I leave out…. AO needs to watch out for the ghosts of runaway slaves and cousin Marge should not go to Rite Aid late at night because she may encounter the phantom of 17-year old Christine Hervish. Someone smashed her jaw then murdered her near that present location almost 85 years ago. -Note: when reading the newspaper articles, click on the image to enlarge the print The bedroom furnishings were simple, consisting of a bed, a dresser and a nightstand. Since the fittings were dusty and old we stopped short of unpacking our cloths and accessories, opting instead to leave everything in bags atop of the furniture. Regardless of grime, it was a far better decision to remain temporary and offer no sense of permanence to this house. Perhaps, the original owner of the yellow suitcase thought this realm as a comfort, only to remain here past comfortable. That considered I resigned myself to the opinion that our bags would remain virtually unpacked and our stay a brief testament of our wits. In the daytime, two long windows provided ample light to this room denying the most mischievous shadow even a limited existence. However, upon nightfall, every creature or passerby of the outside world cast the most ominous silhouettes upon the walls. A tree swaying gently in the late summer breeze depicted itself as a colossal hobgoblin with outstretched arms trying to reach inside the window. Visions of ghouls, hunchbacked and racing hurriedly on the street below, emanated from the outlines of teenagers escaping to the beach. Street cars, driving past with their lights ablaze caused the most fantastic carousel of illumination upon the walls. The light would first hit the far wall, stretch out against the ceiling and then finally fade upon that wretched hole in the corner where the cursed suitcase lay hidden. Jealously, I glanced at Barbara who was asleep and tranquil in all her snuggery. How could she sleep with all the surrounding madness? At this moment we risk abduction, but still she slumbers! I closed my eyes in hope for composure. Slowly, my breath became less erratic and my quickened pulse subdued. Realizing the responsibilities of the morning, I reluctantly reached over to the nightstand, fumbled through some medicines and swallowed half a hand of Acetamophin. It was breezy out on Grandma’s balcony, but not enough that I needed a jacket. Plus it was too much fun out here to worry about being cold. Peering down onto the noisy street filled with tiny European cars was great entertainment, especially since I was miles away from all my friends and action figures. I didn’t even notice the green shutters open but sure enough there was Great Aunt Chiara smiling at me, confounded that I was outside without something covering my shoulders. “It’s not nice to be out here this time of year, now blows the 'Sirocco,'" she said. “It’s a bad wind that comes over the ocean and from the Sahara, it could make you sick, and it’s dangerous, go inside. You shouldn’t be here, you shouldn’t be here.” A sharp rush of pain slammed into my head. Something crashed upon me causing such sudden discomfort that I cried out in agony, gasping for air as I sat up in bed. I reached my bandage-hand to my aching face and tried to make sense of what just happened. Someone punched me! I looked at Barbara, but she was tucked-in so securely, it would have taken her several minutes just to unwrap. She couldn’t have slapped me and then returned to sleep so swiftly. Thoroughly shaken, I felt my surely-wounded scalp and sensed for blood, but I was unconvinced if it stemmed from my head or hand. Slowly the intensity of the headache receded but still my eyes fought to accommodate the mouth-gaping stare into the darkness. At this hour, barely a car drove by to offer some light into the bedroom, and even the breeze was fugitive. In fact, the sea air was not salty and fresh but instead thick and foul, filled with sand and the fetid presence of kelpies. The unmistakable sound of scratching nails on floorboard greeted me next. At times it came from my right side and then switched to across the room near the door. I scanned the landscape to no avail. There was nowhere to focus my attention. Then I heard the door of the storage room creak open. Luckily, the slow hum of a motorcycle was approaching the house. With any providence, the driver would direct his high beam squarely upon that miserable spot in the wall. First shadows appeared, then a flicker of a shine. The room lit dimly enough to provide the scene of a clawed hand dexterously closing the door of the suitcase chamber. I was astonished! How did that raccoon get back into the house, and how as I going to get it out of this room? If I woke Barbara up, she would freak out. I would have to sweat this one out alone. Again I waited, this time for the sounds behind the storage room. The creature scratched and jostled about, until stopping suddenly. It had noticed me. I was inching cautiously in its direction with the idea of trapping its exit with the night table. Unfortunately, this lively spirit realized my intention and now fixed its reddish gaze solidly upon my stance, causing me to freeze in terror. Not from fear of rabies or the scratching out of my eyes, but because of how my visitor chose to greet me. Instead of growling or hissing a warning, this beast of torment gurgled out a clear, discernible and human laugh. I am not sure how Barbara dealt with sleeping here. And alone for two nights! An antechamber provided privacy to the actual bedroom but also ensured our isolation from the rest of the house. If an entity first started in this room and worked its way downstairs, three to four shouts would be necessary before help arrived. If atrocities were first occurring elsewhere in the house, those of us in this bedroom would be the last to know. Even though further cut-off from its sister chambers, this bedroom still shared the bizarre habit of left-behind décor. When procuring a rental apartment of such age, it is an accepted that many came before you and many others will follow. Proper maintenance however, should ensure that remnants of previous visitors are far and few between. What was unsettling about this bedroom was that several personal effects remained within eyeshot of any vulnerable sleeper using the room. Particularly of interest were the objects found in a storage cubicle carved out of the low portion of the far wall. There was only half of a lock attached to half of a door so it was easy to peer inside the dark crevice. Still, there was not enough light to view the exact insides. I tugged on the handle and after much exertion the door jarred open, scraping my hand during the violent action. The hollow was full of mostly falling debris from the infrastructure but also strewn with bits of newspaper and other detritus insulation. The focal point was not this mess but rather a single yellow suitcase made slightly ajar by an overflow of clothing inside. Cautious to reach my bloodied hand into such a dusty hole, I warily rifled through the garments with a rolled up magazine. Beneath the final layer of flannel was a letter handwritten on both sides of loose-leaf sheet. The characters were finite and effeminate, telling the story of a Barbara and how foolish she felt about expressing her love for Douglas. Now, this was not my Barbara, but another more historic Barbara from perhaps forty years ago. This ancient Barbara read like a jealous girl that went around in scripted circles before finally realizing upon the fact that her “Doug,” had fallen for another woman. Olden Barbara lamented that the length of cold weather and time spent away from the shore convinced Douglas to stray away from her and toward an unlucky someone named “Jeane.” She wrote, “ Am I a fool to hope you still love me Doug? If it was because of Jeane, can I now be less of a fool, now that she is gone? I paid her a visit last Sunday before the infection took her. I am sorry that I was not able to ask her about my foolishness before she left, but do not blame yourself or God. Neither of you are to blame.” Satisfied that I received all that I could from this letter, I went to place it down back inside the suitcase. But before the paper fell into the bag the lid shut upon my already injured hand with such force that the sound of pinging metal resonated through the air. Wounded, I pulled my hand quickly away and slammed the door of this awkward closet shut. Right after, my Barbara arrived into the room finding me dirtied, on the floor and wincing with pain. “Stop poking around and get to bed, we have to wake up early tomorrow,” she said. “And open that window, it smells like a stuffy hospital in here.” more soon... I haven’t even told Barbara this part of the story but there were definitely some strange happenings at the old shore house from last weekend. Clearly, atmosphere dictates occurrence, I am now a true believer of that. The more you think of a place as haunted the more things will appear. Situated a mere block away from the beach, Uncle Vince ascertained the house to be “at least late 1800’s.” The creaking floorboards and low doorways confirmed his findings. What was strange to me was the mish-mash of artifacts left behind by either the actual owners or the last renters. Beheaded dolls, yellowed photos, letters, suitcases filled with clothes, even someone’s math homework from 1973. It was as if there was a horrible murder some thirty-odd years ago and everyone fled in terror. The address remaining shuttered until some wretched real estate agent looking for a quick turnover put it on the market. The house had three floors, mostly bedrooms intertwined with water closets and stairways. As with many all old-estates, it consisted of equal parts of either inhabited or empty quarters. The most vacant territory belonged to the basement. In its entirety, the lowest level was a massive one, encompassing the grand circumference of the house. No open space since partitions separated corridors and walkways, each cavity decorated with doors to nowhere, freestanding walls, and boxes upon boxes of decrepit utensils. I tried to link the artifacts or make sense of the architecture but I was thoroughly ineffective in deciphering the purpose of these rooms. Adding to my anxiety was the sense that the basement was tired of my presence. My eyes strained against any attempts to soak up the surroundings as my brain fought all urges to retreat. Finally, the gusts of antique vapors made progress impossible and by the time Barbara called for me to return to the top of the stairs, I was already in step toward her voice. The day passed into nightfall away from the house with a fish supper followed by fine conversations about things passed and things upcoming. The setting was a homely yet extremely comfortable eatery, complete with clanging silverware and delicious comfort food. While at the restaurant, our peculiar accommodations did not raise itself within the dinner’s vernacular. Why speak about the obvious? Especially since we all knew returning there was inevitable, and we were certain that any doubtful specters would remerge factual once lights were out. Great fanfare greeted our arrival home. A raccoon had scaled the roof tiles and made headway into the master bedroom via a balcony entrance. Chocolates had enticed the creature indoors and it would have nested there if Uncle Vince didn’t scare it away. Drunk on sweets the animal actually remained on the outside terrace floor until it slept off its intoxication. The lure of our own nightcaps downstairs drew us away from the scene and eventually the crowd sat contently watching TV while sipping an Apulian white. Curious how comforting the television can be. The flickering backlight pulsing away any apprehensions as the night ended. Unfortunately, it is improper to fall asleep on the couch so I forced myself to the lodgings of the top floor. By Mauro Magarelli To be continued... 
After almost 5 years and 1,112 posts, I've decided to put The BDR on indefinite hiatus. It's been a great ride. I've enjoyed almost every minute of it. But the joy of discovering and sharing has, over the past few months, become the tedium of finding and posting. So it's time to stop. I might resurrect The BDR if it feels right, or I might blog about something else. It's too early to tell. 2009 was a wonderful year, and I can't thank you enough for showing up: a third of a million visits from 190 countries yielded just shy of 640,000 page views. 3 of those visits came from Nuuk, Greenland. Thank you, Nuuk :-) Follow me on Twitter ( @theBDR ) for book-related (and other) stuff, and satisfy your book design jones over at The Casual Optimist , Faceout Books , and The Book Cover Archive . Those guys are the best. Again, my heartfelt thanks for 5 fun years. Talk to you soon. (I'm on vacation this week, so posting will be limited. But I thought it might be fun to re-publish a favorite post and ask again: what book do you really hate?) OK, enough of looking at book covers for a day or two. The Guardian's Stuart Evers has written a very, very funny article about "the good side of bad books." It's a hoot, and you should read it now . But then you should come back here and tell us about the one (or two) novels that made you want to set yourself on fire, punch yourself in the face, or question why you learned to read in the first place. I'll go first. After being hounded by my sci-fi-inclined friends for years, I read Robert Heinlein's Stranger In A Strange Land . When done, I immediately went out and bought two hamsters and a cage so that something could rip that book apart and pee on it. If there was an editor within 50 miles of that thing, I'll eat my shorts. I'll eat yours too. I'm not anti-science fiction. I don't read a whole bunch of it, but I don't have a problem with it per se . J.G. Ballard holds a special place on my bookshelves. But this book? Ugh. I wish I remembered more about why I hated it so deeply, but I do trust my memory of discomfort and loathing. OK. I'm done. Your turn. In no particular order, here are my favorite book covers of 2009. (And here are the 2008 , 2007 , 2006 , and 2005 lists.) Titles are linked to the original post, if one exists, and there's a poll. A big thank you to The Book Table , RiverRun Bookstore , and WORD for their lists. And thank you, readers, for a great '09. The Great Perhaps , design by Jamie Keenan: The Double Life is Twice as Good , design by Rex Bonomelli: Cheers! A History of Beer in Canada , design by David Gee: Tiepolo Pink , design by Peter Mendelsund: The Penguin Book of Gaslight Crime , illustration by Jaya Miceli: Perforated Heart , design by Jason Heuer ( some great photos here ): The Book of Dead Philosophers , design by John Gall: Experimental Geography , design by Kelly Blair: Valkyrie , design by Jason Booher ( better image here ): K Blows Top , design by Pete Garceau: Nineteen-Eighty Four , UK edition, design by Gray318 ( full wrap, etc. here ): Impossible Motherhood , design by Carin Goldberg: How to Be Inappropriate , design by Alvaro Villanueva: Columbine , design by Henry Sene Yee: Chronic City , UK edition, design by Miriam Rosenbloom: Which is your favorite? ( surveys ) I didn't want this to get lost in The Book Table's favorite covers of 2009 post . Jason from The Book Table wrote this; I love it. Jason, have you seen this ? "Our assignment was to pick 15 covers and comment on them if we wished. We think the covers speak for themselves, so instead of talking about them, we want to mention what we think was the most amazing piece of book design of the year. As much as we'd like to choose Chip Kidd's design of The Original of Laura , which we loved, or any of the designs done by Chris Ware, Oak Park's very own genius, we think the design of The Hemingses of Monticello is the best design of the year. We know that most books that we sell in the store are sold because of their spine and we know that of the thousands of books in our home, only a few at anytime have their covers displayed. Because of this, we spend a lot of time thinking about spines. The Hemingses of Monticello is the first book that we ever remember seeing that has award medals on the spine. It's a brilliant idea and makes it irresistible to everyone that goes near it." The third and final list of favorite covers from independent booksellers, in this case, hometown favorite The Book Table in Oak Park, Illinois. They've chosen some wonderful covers from small, university and foreign publishers, so help me out with the credits if you can. In most cases, the titles are linked to The Book Table's online store, in case you're in a shopping mood. Again, as in past weeks, there's a poll at the bottom. Vote for your favorite. After the Fire, A Still Small Voice , designer credit to come: Waltenberg , designer credit to come: Never Trust a Thin Cook , designer credit to come: What I Talk About When I Talk About Running , designer credit to come: The Prince , design by Jaya Miceli: We Saw the Light , design and illustration by Brad Norr: Land of Necessity , design by Heather Hensley: The Interrogative Mood: A Novel? , design by Alison Forner: Hysteria Complicated by Ecstasy , design credit to come: Invisible , design by Lisa Fyfe: Planisphere , designer credit to come: Arcana & Other Poems , design by Tony Frazer, photo by Alex Nikada: Absinthe and Flamethrowers , design by Joan Sommers Design: Nineteen Seventy-Seven , design by Gregg Kulick: Nineteen-Seventy Four , design by Gregg Kulick: Which cover selected by The Book Table do you like the best? ( polls ) Here's the second of this year's Favorite Covers of 2009 posts, chosen by some of the staff members of RiverRun Bookstore in Portsmouth, NH . Some contributors chose to let the covers speak for themselves, others provided some words about their choices. The first post is here . And like last week, there's a poll. RiverRun's favorites are: Time , design by Henry Sene Yee: Let the Great World Spin ; design by Robbin Schiff & Anna Bauer, drawing by Matteo Pericoli ( full wrap over here ): "The delicately drawn city cuts a slice in the cover, much like the beautiful slivers of lives inside the book." The Death of Bunny Munro , design by Charlotte Strick: "An evil bratty bunny! In no way does this indicate that it will garner a "Bad Sex in a Book" nomination." Animals and Objects In and Out of Water , illustration by Jay Ryan: "Are they animals? Or are they stuffed animals come to life? Are they sweet, or evil, or both??" Yummy , illustration by Lucy Cousins: "Incredibly kinetic, this cover let's you know it's not going to be fairy tale business as usual." Pictorial Webster's , design by John Carrera: The Great Perhaps , design by Jamie Keenan: The Housekeeper and the Professor , design by Henry Sene Yee ( full wrap here ): The Gone-Away Word , design by Evan Gaffney ( full wrap here ): "Equally as awesome as the fuzzy pink and green hardcover, this zooming orange design perfectly sums up the ride you're taken on." Chronic City , design by Rodrigo Corral: Beat the Reaper , design by Ploy Siripant: The Bedside Book of Beasts , design by CS Richardson: The Anthologist , design by Jason J. Heuer: "Simple, elegant, and the plum is actually referred to in the story." Alphabeasties , design credit to come: Which cover selected by RiverRun Bookstore do you like best? ( polling ) As announced a few weeks ago, I've asked three independent bookstores to contribute to this year's Favorite Covers of 2009 coverage. Here are the selections from the staff of WORD in Brooklyn, NY . Three more lists (including my selections) are on the way. The only guideline I asked the good folks at WORD to follow was to limit their selections to books published this year, so I was glad to see them include some YA and children's books -- I don't get around to discussing either genre very often. I couldn't chase down all the design credits, so if you know something I don't, please set me on the right track so that I can give proper credit for this fantastic work. And of course correct me if I've gotten something wrong. There's a poll at the bottom of the post: vote for your favorite. The top three vote-getting designs from this list will eventually join the other favorites from the upcoming lists in a final poll. Lastly: each title is linked to WORD's online store. Something tickling your fancy? Support indie bookstores and buy from them. WORD's favorite covers of the year, in no particular order, are: Wuthering Heights , design by Ruben Toledo: "This is our favorite of the three covers Toledo did for Penguin Classics Deluxe Editions." The Sickness Unto Death , design by David Pearson: "This is really a shout-out to the entire line-up of the newest installment of the Penguin Great Ideas series, though this is probably our favorite cover of the bunch. These are some of the most irresistible book covers I have ever seen. They're all embossed. Almost everyone who looks at them touches them and then moans ecstatically." There Once Lived a Woman Who Tried to Kill Her Neighbor's Baby , design by Christopher Brand: "This made our top 10 last month, probably solely on the strength of the cover." The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov , design by Barbara de Wilde: "We love the new Nabokov covers , and this is our favorite of the bunch." Seven Nights , design by Rodrigo Corral: "Love this so much that I continually re-display it just to look at it." Pure , design by Cara Petrus: "a teen novel about purity rings and the girls who wear them (and a girl who breaks her pledge). " The Book of Fathers : design by John Gall, collage by Nicole Natri: "The men and the arms on the cover are raised. It's possible we just like this because it looks like the art of a former employee. Didn't love it at first, but it has really grown on us since it came in, to the point that now we love it." Che's Afterlife: The Legacy of an Image ; design by Mark Abrams, cover image by Jim Fitzpatrick, original photo by Alberto Korda: "There could be no better cover for a book about history's most reproduced image." The Children's Book , design by Stephen Parker, "adapted by Gabrielle Wilson" (per the jacket): "A beautiful cover that only gets more beautiful after you've read the book." (I snapped this to show some of the detail; there's a much better photo here ): The City Out My Window : "The only die-cut we will ever like in this store (we hate die cuts because they inevitably rip on the floor, no matter what you do with them, and then nobody wants to buy them). But this one is thick cardboard, and obviously a perfect choice of a book of window pictures." The End of Food , design by Mark Robinson: "Love when the paperback is way better than the hardcover ." The Lion and the Mouse , designer by Saho Fuji: "Not sure if this one counts, but we love it." The Most Beautiful Book in the World , design by Emanuele Ragnisco: "Even though it feels kind of busy on this cover, the image is just so great." Never Smile At A Monkey: And 17 Other Important Things to Remember , design by Scott Magoon, illustration by Steve Jenkins: "Even though it kinda scares me." Which cover selected by WORD do you like best? ( survey ) Design by Lisa Marie Pompilio Photograph by Ken Rosenthal The first of this year's favorite covers posts will appear tonight (I have to chase down a few design credits). In the meantime, feast on this, before it feasts on you. 
 Waiter Rant has moved!!!!! Update your bookmarks and your feed links - welcome to the new Waiter Rant , now at www.waiterrant.net New posts will no longer appear at this address, please update your bookmarks, links and feeds!!!!!! Please change your bookmarks and feeds to www.waiterrant.net ! For technical reasons beyond our control....... Commenting will be disabled for the next two days. I'll resume posting Tuesday. I have a surprise in store for you. Where's Prozac When You Need It? The phone rings. "The Bistro," I answer, "How can I help you?" "What kind of cuisine do you serve?" a female voice asks. "Northern Italian madam." "And what's your sushi special tonight?" I pause a moment. "We don't serve sushi madam." "Why not?" "Because we're not a Japanese restaurant?" The caller thinks about that for a sec. "Do you serve tuna?" she asks. "We do." "Can't you make sushi out of that?" "No." "Why not?" she asks incredulously. "Because." "Oh." There's a long pause. I can visualize this woman sucking her thumb. "Would you like to make a reservation?" I ask "No, I really wanted sushi tonight." "Sorry," I verbally shrug. "Could you suggest a place?" she asks testily. I give her the name and number of a very expensive sushi house and hang up. I look at the clock and sigh. So far I've put in eighty hours at the Bistro. When Fluvio comes back this Sunday it'll be 110 hours without a break. Phone calls like this threaten to destroy whatever sanity I have left. It's time to self medicate. I go to the back and fetch a can of my new best friend – Red Bull. "Cocaine in a can?" Gerald quips as he walks by. "I can't afford the real thing," I deadpan. "The dumpster dealers will cut you a break," Gerald says, referring to the criminal element that delivers behind restaurants everywhere. "Never did that stuff actually," I reply. "A couple more of these double shifts and you will be," Gerald observes. "I'd settle for some Prozac," I say, "Got any?" "I'm fresh out." "Damn." I go back to the front and start reading The Times. The Red Bull kicks in. Great. Now I'm wide awake borderline psychotic. I try and lose myself in the Dining In Section. There's a good article about aperitifs. I crack up when I get to the part about Cynar, a liquor made from artichokes. Sounds disgusting I know but it's quite good on the rocks with soda. We have it. No one orders it. Hmmm. I wonder how that would taste mixed with Red Bull…………. Gerald interrupts my reverie. "The lady on 26 left her credit card on the table," he says handing me the checkbook. I look at the folder. Not only did she forget her card – she forgot to sign the receipt and leave a tip. "Was this woman drunk?" I ask. "I wish she was," Gerald replies, "she and might have been less of a bitch." "What was the problem?" "You know the type," Gerald says drolly, ''water with lemon, chicken Caesar spilt, and three hours of prattling with her friend." "You can retire on checks like that," I observe humorlessly. "You'll take care of it?" Gerald asks. "I'll lock up the card," I reply, "maybe she'll come back for it." "Ok." Two hours go by. The lady doesn't come back. I call the credit card company. "Hello, Credit Card Company," a pleasant voice chirps, "How can I help you?" "A patron left her card behind in my restaurant," I say, "Could you call her and let her know we have it?" "What's the number on the card?" the rep asks. I rattle of some digits. "Thank you sir," the rep says, "that card has now been deactivated." "Wait a minute," I yelp, "I just wanted you to call the woman and tell her we have her card!" "I'm sorry but its procedure to invalidate a card when it's reported lost or stolen." "Could you at least call the lady and tell her she left her card here?" I ask. "I'm not allowed to relay messages to a card member," the rep drones robotically. "But…." "Please destroy the card." "But…." "Destroying the card protects you and the customer," the rep continues. "But…." "Thank you for calling the Credit Card Company. Have a nice day." Click. Gerald comes back up to the hostess stand. "Were you able to get a hold of her?" he asks. "I called the credit card company and they canceled the card." "Why didn't you call information and try and get her number?" Now why didn't I think of that? Maybe because I'm exhausted. "Too late now," I say. "Try anyway." I call information. The name on the card is unique. Of course they have her number. I ring her up. "Hello," a professional voice answers. "This is %-&amp;%- at The Bistro. You left your credit card here." "Oh yes I know." "I'm sorry but I tried to have the credit card company contact you and they invalidated the card." "WHAT!!!!!!" the woman shrieks, "I just got that card!" "I'm sorry. I should've tried to call information and find you. But my first impulse was to call the credit card company." "THAT WAS THE WRONG IMPULSE!" the woman yells. "Well it's been deactivated for your protection." "You're really stupid," the woman huffs. "Well madam," I reply angrily, "you left your card here, didn’t sign the bill, and forgot to leave the waiter a tip. I don't know you. What would you have me do?" "Now I have to get a brand new card!" the woman moans ignoring my tirade. I look at the name embossed on the card. It has the letters Ph.D on the end. "Pardon me," I ask, "are you a psychologist?" "I'm a therapist," she says, "Why?" "Just satisfying my curiosity," I murmur. The woman hangs up violently. I hope she wasn't with a patient. Then again I feel bad for anyone she's treating. I cut up the card into tiny pieces and dispose of it. Gerald returns. "So what happened?" I tell him. "So I don't get a tip?" he asks. "Something tells me you weren't getting one anyway," I reply. Gerald laughs. "Fuck her." I echo the sentiment and return to my paper. I look at the clock. Monday will be my first day off after eleven double shifts. I can't wait. Phone calls like this don't help. I'm burnt out. I start praying for a blackout so I can close early. Of course it doesn't happen. I'm not gonna make it three more days. I better get some Prozac soon. They should start putting it in Red Bull. Hmmmm. Now there's a million dollar idea. Attention! Waiter Rant has moved to www.waiterrant.net ! Attention Loyal Waiter Rant Readers! Waiter Rant is going to be down for maintenance for a short time today. The changes I hinted at earlier are coming soon. I have worked 70 hours so far this week without a day off. After I get some rest (and time to write) I'll post more new stories. Baby Bucks I'm tired. Fluvio went on vacation and I'm stuck minding the store. I've got seven more double shifts till he comes back. I'm worried. It's only Sunday and I'm already punchy. There are bags under my eyes and my cheeks ache from maintaining the customer friendly smile. My feet hurt. Every customer is becoming an obstacle to overcome. I dread the phone. Waiters constantly harass me with problems. By the end of the week I'll probably be psychotic. The Sunday rush ends. The last tables are finishing their espressos. Soon the Bistro will be empty. I look at the clock. Fifteen minutes till closing. Thank God. I want to be in bed before midnight. I start doing my cashout. I'm wondering why the drawer is short ten bucks when the door chimes. A youngish guy stands in the doorway. Damn. "Can I help you sir?" I say cheerily, but my heart isn't in it. "Can I get a drink and some take out?" the man asks. The guy looks familiar. I spin through my mental rolodex of faces. Ah, there he is. Dan something or other. Cute wife. He proposed to her in my section two years ago. I stuck the ring on a piece of tiramisu. Now they're expecting their first child. Tempus Fugit. "How's your lovely wife sir?" I ask, smiling at the memory of his spouse, laden with child, sweating like a pig in the July heat. "She had the baby earlier this evening," he replies with a wan smile. "Congratulations!" I offer. "Thanks." I can’t help but notice this guy doesn't look entirely happy. "Mother and baby are both well?" I ask carefully. "Yeah they're both ok. Jen was in labor for twenty four hours." "Yikes" "Now she wants Porcini Risotto from her favorite place," he says. I groan inwardly and pull out my dupe pad. I have to let this guy get some food or my soul will burn in hell. The kitchen guys are gonna be pissed. "So one Porcini Risotto. Anything for you sir?" "Just a Ketel One on the rocks." "Coming right up." I put the risotto order in over protest and get the guy his drink. "Here you go," I say handing the man a frosted highball glass. He scarfs the vodka down greedily. "Want another?" I chuckle. If I just had a kid I'd drink too. After a short pause New Dad replies, "No I'm good." "Well it'll be twenty minutes until your entrée's ready. If you want another let me know," I offer as I return to the cash drawer to find my missing ten bucks. I start counting but stop. Something's not right. Even with my back turned I can feel the tension coming off this guy in waves. I'm emotionally attenuated I guess. Chalk it up to my years working in a psychiatric hospital. I turn around. New Dad's knee is bopping up and down nervously. His discomfort is making me anxious. I decide to intervene. "So did you have a boy or a girl?" I ask. "A girl." "You poor man," I say winking. "Tell me about it," the man sighs. "God has an exquisite sense of justice sometimes doesn't he?" That provokes a laugh. "You're right," the guy agrees. Now you might think my comment's inappropriate but it isn't. Whenever men undergo a major life event, like getting married or having a baby, we guys tend to respond with a certain gallows humor. For example, my brother, on his wedding day, had to walk down a long dimly lit corridor to reach the main part of the church. As we groomsmen walked behind him, ostensibly to keep him from running away, I was reminded of a line from a movie. I couldn't help myself. "Dead man walking!" I cried out. The guys cracked up. The minister cracked up. My brother smiled nervously and walked to the altar to await his bride. Now he's married and sipping beer on some beach in Maui with his beautiful wife. My point? Sometimes a little ribbing helps soothe a guy's anxiety and snaps everything into proper perspective. Usually. "And then there's dating. Oh man…." I continue saying to New Dad. The guy's laugh's smaller this time. Actually he looks like he's about to throw up. Ok, so maybe gallows humor isn't the way to go. A quiet minute passes. The guy stares at the floor. He take a deep breath like he's about to say something. He doesn't. The clock ticks. I see moisture in his eyes. "You'll be fine," I say gently. The guy wipes his face quickly. "Yeah I know," he says, "but there's so much to worry about. I mean summer camp, private school, college. You know what college is gonna cost in eighteen years?" "No idea." "A million bucks!" he explodes. "That much?" I wonder skeptically. "And then there's braces, toys, broken arms," New Dad gushes as if a dam burst from within I recognize what's happening. When New Dad held his baby for the first time the enormity of what's happening hit him. He's trying to process it all at once. I don't have kids of my own but I have friends who do. I've seen how they've handled it. I know what to say. I hope someone says it to me when my time comes. "It's a lot of stuff but you'll break it down into small steps and it'll come together," I offer quietly. "I guess," New Dad says. "Think about everything at once and you'll go nuts," I say, "just remember, one day at a time." "Your right," New Dad exhales. "Enjoy your little girl. She's only a baby once." I finally see a real smile. "She's beautiful," he says. "I'll bet she is." "You have kids?" New Dad asks. "Me? Hell no. I just have joint custody of a dog." "You'd be a good father." I feel myself blushing. "Thank you sir." "How old are you?" "Thirty seven," I reply. New Dad is about ten years my junior. "Well, be sure you have them before it's too late…" "Sir," I say clasping my hand on New Dad's shoulder, "one of the great things about being a guy is we can still make babies twenty minutes after we're dead." New Dad emits a soul cleansing laugh. "I have plenty of time," I reassure him. "You're a funny guy," New Dad says. "I try sir." The food's ready. I slip a tiramisu, gratis, into the bag, run the check, and take the order to New Dad. "All set sir," I say, "and since your wife likes tiramisu so much I threw one in on the house." "Thank you," New Dad says shaking my hand. "You're very welcome." The guy signs the check and leaves. I watch him walk off into the night his life changed forever. That kid's gonna be all right. When I open the checkbook and my exhaustion dissipates. On a thirty dollar check the guy tipped me fifty bucks. Totally unexpected. As I close up the Bistro I can't wipe the grin off my face. Baby bucks! Ka-Ching. I hope this guy has lots of babies. Attention! Waiter Rant has moved to www.waiterrant.net ! Please update your bookmarks and links to www.waiterrant.net To the Rescue! I've received a couple of aggrieved emails lamenting that I haven't written many posts this week. I'm grateful to have readers that eagerly await each post. The readers, as you can see by the comments, are one of the major reasons why Waiter Rant's traffic has steadily risen over the past months. Thank you! Normally I post two to three times per week. This past week has been especially crazy for me. My brother got married over the weekend. Now, "Fluvio," my boss, is going on vacation and I'm going to be living at the Bistro for the next twelve days. That's right – I'm gonna have to drag my laptop to work! Right now, this instant, I'm sitting to write a post when Fluvio calls. "Hello?" "Get over here. Gwen is throwing up all over the place." Oh, that's appetizing. I groan and look at the clock. It's too early to be hearing this shit. "So what do you want me to do?" I ask. "The restaurant is full and I have no one to work," Fluvio says. I can hear the near panic rising in his voice. "Can Gwen hold on till I get there?" I ask. "I don't think so." I sigh deeply. I wanted to post today. But I've got a job to do. I've got to go now. "I'm on my way boss," I say. Off to the rescue. Again. "Thanks!" Fluvio says hanging up. Folks - I've got to go! I'm a waiter after all! Have a nice weekend. New stories next week! Attention! Waiter Rant has moved to www.waiterrant.net . Please change your links and bookmarks to www.waiterrant.net . Thanks! Lawyer Blog "It is the trade of lawyers to question everything, yield nothing, and to talk by the hour." - Thomas Jefferson Over the past couple of weeks I've been reading Opinionistas , a blog written by a young female lawyer in NYC. In addition to her describing life as an indentured billable hour servant, replete with grueling hours and impossible workloads, she also describes colleagues sloughing off their youthful idealism as they struggle inside the pressure cooker environment of a major law firm. I particularly liked this entry - Casting That Stone . It’s about how some women seem to abandon their hard earned professional lives in pursuit of safe, boring, marriageable men. Opinionista wonders if women have evolved, if at all, during the past sixty years of feminist awareness. But what I really like about this blog is that you get the sense the author is in the midst of a psychological struggle of her own. In her world of high priced graduate schools, expensed lunches, and status hungry sycophants; everyone is constantly comparing themselves to everybody else. Do I make enough money? Am I more successful? Why is she married and not me? Who's got a corner office? Why did that associate get the deal? It can be a toxic soul eroding landscape that not everyone survives with decency intact. Its obvious Opinionista has second thoughts about being a lawyer. Her ambivalence permeates the entire blog and you wonder what she'll end up doing. Will she chuck her expensive law school degree? Or will she make whatever accommodations she needs to make within herself to remain a lawyer? It's a process all professionals struggle with when they realize the career they've dreamed about since high school isn't all it's cracked up to be. Well written and humorous - I recommend you check Opinionista out. The author does "question everything" but yields insights into a slice of life we might otherwise have never known about. Go read! My Name is Clark Kent Now that I'm thirty-seven I need glasses in order to read. Not prescription eyewear, just a good set of readers you can pick up at any pharmacy. Years of reading books, peering into computer monitors, and working in low lighting have taken their toll. At least the glasses lend me a professorial air. I'm constantly taking the glasses on and off. I'm always reading something – a dupe pad, the POS monitor, or an order form. Sometimes I'm wearing them tableside. Sometimes I'm not. This occasionally leads to confusion…. A four top sits in my section. I'm wearing my glasses. I go to the table, special, cocktail them, and take their order. When I deliver the apps I've taken the glasses off. "Excuse me," a rather distinguished looking man says, "Could you ask our waiter to come over here?" Huh? I am the waiter. "I beg your pardon sir?" I ask. "Could you get the waiter with the glasses?" I stifle a laugh. Without my spectacles this guy thinks I'm a completely different person. "Right away sir," I reply. I duck out of sight and put my glasses back on. I return to the table. "How can I help you sir?" "I’d like another Manhattan please," the man asks. I make a little bow and go to make the man's drink. I take my glasses off and deliver the cocktail to him. "Who wanted the Manhattan?" I call out. "It’s for me," the man signals. As I place the drink in front of him he peers at me intently. "Hey, you’re the same guy!" the man yelps. "Actually my evil twin works here too. I guess you've met him," I reply winking. The table busts out laughing. "Arthur it's always been the same guy. You’re the one who needs glasses," his wife teases. Chagrined the man take a sip of his drink. "Your other brother is the handsome one," he says. Touche my brother. Touché. I put my glasses back on. The table's cracking up. "So I look better with the glasses on?" I ask. "Actually nothing can improve your mug," the man ripostes. I like this guy. He's customer you can screw with. An optometrist eats in our bistro almost every day. He's left us a pile of business cards. I leave the table and go and fetch one. Returning I hand the card to Arthur the Blind. "Call this guy. He can help you pick out a nice pair," I say triumphantly. "Ok, ok," the man says waving his hands in surrender. "If I may say sir, you desperately need them," I continue. The table is in stitches. "I like your other brother better," Arthur laughs. "Make sure you leave him a nice tip," I counter. Arthur's wife turns to me and says, "You are the first waiter to ever give it back to him. Good for you." Lady, I'm letting him off easy. "For everything there is a first time," I say. The table finishes dinner. I hand the check to Arthur sans spectacles. "Here you go sir. Please don't be mad at my brother. He's a bad, bad waiter." The man chuckles and takes the checkbook. When I return the book is stuffed with cash. "That's all for you," Arthur says smiling. "Thank you sir," I move out of sight and count out the bills. On a $200 check I get fifty bucks. Righteous. The table gets up to leave. I thank the man for his generosity. "You're a good sport sir," I say. You really threw me with the glasses." "Well sir," I say opening the door for him, "now I know how Clark Kent got away with it for so long." The man roars with laughter and walks out into the humid night. As I watch him go I realize Clark Kent and I have a lot in common. Like the reporter from the Daily Planet I too have a secret identity to protect. Mild mannered waiter by day – Superblogger by night! Hey, I've always wanted to be a superhero. I think I'll indulge myself in that delusion for a while. Just call me Clark Kent. Now where's a phone booth? 
 I've spent the last few days sick, ugh. Hoping today is better. I think I'll read comics for a bit and then tackle work. More sketches to accompany a short story I wrote. An amazing band covering an amazing song originally done by New Order. Theodor Kittelsen is an artist, like John Bauer that deserves wider recognition in the English speaking world. Kittleson, also like Bauer, is primarily known as a "troll" artist as his best known work was illustrations for books on Norwegian folklore. Unlike Bauer, whose work is filled with unthreatening and friendly trolls Kittelsen monsters are darker, more mysterious and much more frightening. These works are amazing and haunting and have had a huge impact on me. A sketch I did of Atha. Not a lot to say this morning. We're feeding Henry and it's really windy and wet out. I'm off to play RPGs this afternoon. Plan to check out comic shop called The Hairy Tarantula. That's it. A pretty amazing sword &amp; sorcery romp. I can't believe I've never read it before. Moore's writing is quite good, not overwrought like some pulp stuff. The book also feels pretty fresh and original. Not a lot female characters in the sub-genre have been quite like this.I was disappointed she only wrote this handful of Jirel stories. Some sketches for an upcoming book cover I'm working on. The above picture I did to as a sample for a job. It was rejected by the author because he thought the coyote wasn't sly enough. This was one of Canada's most famous writers. Ouch! I got over it. I don't really like his books anyway. I got such great responses to my post on rejection a few days ago I thought I'd post some quotes from them here. Russel Dickerson said ".... there's no one on Earth harder on my work than I am. The actual rejections I've received haven't said anything worse than I've already thought." Glendon Mellow "... send them more artwork. A change in editorial personnel or style, or even just the right art at the right time may see the relationship change for the positive. Rod McKie "Bide your time Eric, the best revenge is living well." Charlene "I don't think they mean 'you suck', which is probably where the sting comes from for most of us." Dave Howlett "Best you can do is believe in yourself and that what you are doing is both worthwhile and something that you would enjoy reading yourself. Certainly no editor should be able to discourage that, whatever their reasoning." Grimalkin Press "PROVE THEM WRONG." Madeline Carol Matz "rejection letters is like an actor not getting a callback for a part. " Viviane Schwartz "Ah, you can't please them all... If the illustrations they generally use look really different from yours than that's just what they're set on using. - It's really frustrating." 
Same old, same new. A senior Iraqi spy has accused the prime minister, Nour al-Maliki, of handing out thousands of guns to tribal leaders in a bid to win votes. The claim was made by Iraqi National Intelligence Service former spokesman, Saad al-Alusi, a week before Iraq's general election, in which allegations of vote buying and exorbitant handouts have become widespread. Maliki, who faces a bitterly contested final week of campaigning ahead of the7 March poll, has been photographed handing out guns to supporters in southern Iraq, engraved with a personal message from his office. However he denies that the delivery of weapons, along with cash payments, were improper. Alusi, who was the INIS spokesman until he was asked to move to another ministry eight days ago, said some 8,000 guns were ordered from a Serbian supplier at the end of 2008 for use by intelligence officers. However he claimed Maliki "denied our contract at the last minute and made his own contract of 10,000 pistols, which he has used as election propaganda for himself and his party. More test Muntadhar al-Zaidi I have customized, high-detail maps of tribal groups and clans in Iraq and neighboring border areas for sale to researchers. There are several hundred different clans depicted on the map. Some lower quality previews here and here . Contact me for pricing and availability. Who are these people offering to sell millions of barrels of Iraqi crude oil online at discount prices? Who is behind them? Who is allowing them to continue to do this? من وراء هذه الجهات التي تبيع ملايين البراميل من النفط العراقي الخام على الانترنت بأسعار تعاونيه جدا؟ Meet the new Mohammed Sa'id al-Sahhaf There is little to no coverage of this, but these eight young men were the security guards of the Zuwiyya branch of al-Rafidain Bank at the Jadiriya district of Baghdad. The small bank is located just across the river from the Green Zone and a few hundred yards away from the residences of Hakim, Adil Abdul Mahdi and Badr Brigade (now members of the Presidential Brigade) checkpoints. They were tied up and killed execution-style by a group of officers who were members of Vice President Adil Abdul Mahdi's security detail on their own turf in Jadiriya. The incident was carried out on July 28 after midnight. A huge portion of the stolen money ($4.5 million) was then located at the offices of al-'Adala (justice) newspaper (which, as you guessed, is owned by Abdul Mahdi). In fact it turns out that the two officers who were in charge of the heist were not arrested but have already fled Iraq (who helped them flee?). PM Maliki has stepped in to cover up for his partners in crime once more, and all public debate of the incident has been stifled. Iraqis seem to have been shocked by the brutal crime and its implications but nothing more than that. The outrage of a few brave journalists ended just two days after the incident, and now everyone is warning against rushing to conclusions or using the incident as an excuse to defame our politicians and "Islamic symbols" (whatever that means). I don't think the symbolism of the crime was missed by Iraqis: I rule over you and plunder your wealth while you live like animals, and I will tie you up, blindfold you and shoot you in the head at will, because I can get away with it. Rule of law mal teezi , as we say in Iraq. However, we, the Iraqis, will bend over, once more, and take it up the behind from our rulers, as we have always done throughout our history. That's all. - Sorry for the unannounced absence. Will start posting again regularly once I'm finished with my dental board exams. In the meantime, as an alternative to the depressing developments in Iraq and the Middle East, you may be interested in cleaning out your ears with some classical and traditional Iraqi music from the old days: Iraqi Maqam المقام العراقي 
 The word “permanent” appears on many different art products, but it’s a confusing term. On many graphic art products, such as inks or felt-tipped markers, it really means “waterproof,” rather than “lightfast.” Many calligraphy or fountain pen inks, such as the brown inks in the drawing above, are not waterproof, but they’re reasonably lightfast, considering that most handwriting isn’t usually subjected to light for long periods. The sketches are for sky galleys, part of the planning for Waterfall City , from Dinotopia: A Land Apart from Time . Here's what the Calvin Theater looked like in 1995. The sketch is in pencil and marker. First, let's have a look at a video. What you’ll see is a visualization of three different color schemes as 3D shapes floating within the RGB color space. (If this embedded video doesn't play, try this link to YouTube ). Each painting will be followed by an irregular shape that represents the range of colors used within that composition. If you’ve read this blog for a while or dug back in the archives, you may remember seeing how we can chart a color scheme as a shape or gamut that takes up part of a color wheel. Everything outside the gamut is left out of the composition. The painting Palace in the Clouds, above, has a gamut limited to intense blue, opposed by fairly dull reds and yellows, and some fairly dull dark greens. To the right of that is a computer-generated image made by sampling all the pixels and charting them on a color wheel. The software was created by Phillipe Colantoni, and is available for Windows users at couleur.org. We can also combine the value or lightness data to see the color scheme as a 3D representation inside an RGB cube. The RGB color space is created by graphing red, green, and blue as three separate vectors in XYZ space. (The green vector above is hidden by the gamut.) Where the vectors intersect is pure black. At the opposite corner is pure white. In this configuration, the secondaries are cyan, magenta, and yellow, which would lie on the plane between each of the two vectors. A pure yellow, for example, would be on the plane formed by red and green (the horizontal plane in this view). By comparing each of the paintings with its gamut in RGB color space, and then comparing the gamuts to each other, you can see how the gamuts vary. The gamut for Crocodile Swamp is narrower because the color scheme is more limited. There are hardly any blues. The yellow windows in this scene show up as a scattering of yellow dots at the bottom of the gamut. ------ Software by P. Colantoni at couleur.org. Animation by Lester Yocum at lesteryocum.com Previously on GurneyJourney: Color Wheel Masking Update We take for granted that our experience of vision results from the interaction of light with objects. It’s obvious, isn’t it? Light shines on objects, bounces off them, and then it stimulates our eyes. But for thousands of years, that basic concept was not understood. People only knew was that there was some sort of connection between the eyes and the objects seen. During the time of Aristotle in the fourth century BC, one school of thought held that the eyes emitted a visual fire that traveled to the object and somehow massaged it. Others believed that objects gave off a substance that flew toward the eye. These notions persisted until the time of Leonardo, who objected to the idea of fire from the eyes. He said there wouldn’t be time, after opening the eyes, for the fire to leave the eyes and travel all the way to a distant object and return. Others reasoned that if the objects gave off a flaming substance, why can’t we see at night? The breakthrough came from an Arab physicist Alhazen around 1000 AD, who noticed that light traveled into the eye and caused it pain. He also noticed that we experience afterimages after looking at bright light. Light—not just our eyes, and not the objects themselves—was the agent of vision. What I wonder as I reflect on these ideas is what was the ancient conception of light? It's mentioned often in the Hebrew bible, of course. Surely the ancients were sensitive of the action of light around them. How they regard it differently if they didn't understand its role in vision? ------ Based on material from Vision and Art: The Biology of Seeing, by Margaret Livingstone. Image from Discover. Here’s a rare glimpse of official art from North Korea, with explanations by B.R. Myers, a contributor to Foreign Policy magazine. “Kim Jong Il comforts a distraught nation after his father's death on July 8, 1994. In the background is the 66-foot bronze statue of the Great Leader that was erected on Mansu Hill in Pyongyang in 1972. Dark skies in depictions of this period symbolize the growing threat from without.” “The Dear Leader stands guard as the waves of a hostile world crash ineffectually against the rocks.” Say what you want about the grandiose personality cult and the bizarre geopolitical posturing. I’m intrigued by the paintings themselves. That’s some darn good water painting in the second piece, especially in the recoil of the foamy wave on the left. The strong silhouette, and Kim’s resolute defiance remind me of N.C. Wyeth’s Billy Bones. Just swap the spyglass for tinted specs. Look at the far red flag in the second painting. It sits back in space because of the muted color and the softened top edge. All the figures are well studied, though the value organization is a little busy. The grouping of figures reminds me of 19th century Russian history painters like Vasily Surikov (1848-1916). Official art in east Asia took much of its early inspiration from the Russian painters. Back in the late 70s, I used to go to Chinatown in L.A. to collect Mao posters, which were impressive paintings on a lot of levels. They’re a piece of history now. I’ve had the privilege of meeting many of the artists who painted them, and their stories are fascinating. See more examples and read political commentary: B.R. Myers on Foreign Policy , Thanks, Bryn. The great color theorist Albert Munsell observed that a given color reaches its greatest chroma at one particular value, called the home value or the peak saturation value. That peak value varies from color to color. An orange-yellow, for example, is most intense at a very light value, while blue is strongest when it is very dark. Red reaches maximum chroma at a middle value. The hand-painted chart takes the three hues through all possible degrees of chroma and value. Yellow becomes a brown when it darkens, and you just can't get a strong chroma from a dark yellow. In the chart, chroma is meant to be constant along a vertical line, while value is constant on a horizontal line. It’s good color mixing practice to make these charts, and Munsell-schooled artists benefit greatly from the experience. For these charts I have arbitrarily limited the chroma range to six steps. But in Munsell’s system, there can be many more steps, and theoretically there’s no upper limit to the measurement of chroma. New pigments keep pushing the range farther out. This digital chart from David Briggs's excellent website huevaluechroma shows a range of hues taken through the paces. Follow that link to his discussion of the same topic. Tom Lopez of ZBS Productions created a full-length audio adaptation of Dinotopia: The World Beneath using actors, sound effects, and music by Tim Clark. This excerpt takes you from the pirate’s roost at Black Fish Tavern to the entrance of the luminous caverns. It combines the audio track with a slide show, shot from the original artwork. The pictures start at 0:30. If you want to hear the whole 2 hour plus production (great for long car trips or studio stints), you can get a 2 CD set at the Dinotopia Online Store, or you can purchase a download at the ZBS website. This coming Saturday, March 13, I invite you to join me at the Norman Rockwell Museum for an afternoon art program. The event is free with admission, and will be fun for all ages. I’ll start at 1:00 with a digital slide presentation that shows what goes into making a realistic picture of an imaginary subject, including Dinotopia and other projects. Then I’ll sign books, which will be available at the museum store. But you can also bring your old copies, too—the more tattered the better. From about 2:30 to 4:00 we’ll draw dinosaurs together. I’ll do a couple of demonstration drawings, and I’ll bring a bunch of dinosaur models that we can all work from. I’ll try to answer whatever questions you have, and give pointers to artists of all ages—young people just learning to draw and experienced artists with specific questions. The Rockwell Museum is always a fun place to hang out, and right now they’ve got a new exhibit of Rockwell’s fan letters in addition to "Norman Rockwell, Behind the Camera." More information at the Museum site. Admission is free for kids and teens thanks to support from Blantyre, Country Curtains, and The Red Lion Inn. 
I went to the Founders College Book Sale today and was lucky enough to find a bunch of cool older mystery books (and a couple of other books too). Here's my take: Darker than Amber by John D. MacDonald The Turquoise Lament by John D. MacDonald Pale Gray for Guilt by John D. MacDonald Soft Touch by John D. MacDonald The Long Lavender Look by John D. MacDonald The Scarlet Ruse by John D. MacDonald A Tan and Sandy Silence by John D. MacDonald You Live Once by John D. MacDonald The Last One Left by John D. MacDonald Sleeping Beauty by Ross Macdonald The Book of Bourbon: And other Fine American Whiskeys by Gary Regan Archangel by Robert Harris All that for about $8.00. Vaughn, Brian K., George Jeanty and Joss Whedon. Vol 2: No future for you. Milwaukie, OR: Dark Horse, 2009. Goddard, Drew, George Jeanty and Joss Whedon. Vol 3: Wolves at the Gate. Milwaukie, OR: Dark Horse, 2009. Whedon, Joss, Karl Moline and Jeph Loeb. Vol 4: Time of you life. Milwaukie, OR: Dark Horse, 2009. Now this is more like it! A little while ago, when I reviewed the first volume of the collected Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season 8 series from Dark Horse, I was kind of disappointed. I felt the story telling was choppy and jumbled and that it lacked a lot of the real character development strengths of the original TV series. Well, the next three volumes of the series are a huge improvement. They are Volume 2, No Future For You , volume 3, Wolves at the Gate and volume 4, Time of Your Life . The main V2 arc is a Faith story, wherein Giles employs Faith to do some Council-type wetwork, stuff he wouldn't want to get Buffy involved in. It's a good, compelling read, getting two somewhat less involved characters in V1 back into the main line of Season 8. V3 Brings Dracula back, this time on Buffy's side, battling against some rogue Japanese vampires. V4 brings the futuristic Fray back into the mix, as Buffy travels into the future. V4 also brings Willow back into the main stream of the Season 8 arc. Each volume also has a shorter stand-alone story, which is basically used for some character development, which often gets a bit of short shrift in the main volume arc. Over all, I am pleased with how the S8 arc is developing -- just like more season arcs developed. Slowly during the first part of the season, setting up the big push later on. And the Twilight Big Bad arc for S8 is still pretty mysterious, so I'm looking forward to seeing how it develops. I still have a few quibbles, of course, and I think the biggest is how a lot of the character stuff if peripheral to the main story arc. In the tv series, the character development and the story arc were always very tightly bound, basically one growing out of the other. Buffy and the other characters grew and changed because of what was happening to them, and even by S6 what was happening to them became the main story arc. In the comic series so far, they've much more tended to seal off the plot from the characterization. And I think it's a mistake. We really need to get back into the hearts and minds of the characters by the end of the arc, that's what needs to drive everything else. And if it doesn't happen, it'll be hard to judge S8 as a success. Andrew Fox's first two novels, Fat White Vampire Blues and Bride of the Fat White Vampire were entertaining and over-the-top, a couple of innovative entries into the vampire cannon. Cinematic and funny, touching and absurd, they were terrific reads if not quite great literature. Now comes The Good Humor Man . It's a lot of the same things as the earlier books: obsessed with pop culture, very cinematic, funny and absurd although not quite as touching and romantic. On the other hand, it's also a lot more thought-provoking with a satirical edge that's a lot more upfront than the earlier work. What's it about? Think of it as Fahrenheit 451 for the diet industry. Imagine a future USA where high calorie foods are illegal, and a gang of government-sponsored thugs will raid any high-cal party they find. Imagine if one of the founders of the movement suddenly thinks it's all going too far and that people should really be free to make their own choices in life. Furthermore, it's also not hard to imagine that Big Food has come up with a few secrets of it's own. Our newly converted hero then needs to save the day. What results is an amazing road trip into the heart of American food culture – Fat Elvis. Yes, Fat Elvis is the driving force (but not character, remember, it's the future) and inspiration for the book. More than that, I cannot reveal. Anyways, it's all kinda indescribable anyways. Liposuction, for example, is also a strangely important driving force in the novel. Read it. It's fun and thoughtful and way OTT. In fact, every time you think Fox can't possibly go more OTT, he pulls another fried peanut butter and banana sandwich out of his hat. Seamus Cooper's The Mall of Cthulhu is a seriously strange and funny book. Okay, here goes. A decade before the main action, Ted, a regular college kid, saves his lesbian best friend, Laura, from a horde of vampires trying to initiate her into their sorority; he's traumatized by having to massacre the whole nest of vampires (including a recently turned frat friend). Ten years later, she's joined the FBI as an analyst while he's unable to overcome his past and is following her from city to city as her career progresses, all the while working a series of McJobs. Now, he stumbles on a Lovecraftian conspiracy. A bunch of white supremacists are working to bring the Great Old Ones back from their dimension. Ultimately, Ted and Laura work together along with a shadowy yet underfunded government agency to fight them back. Light-hearted yet still a bit scary, this is a fantastic first novel. Good adventure, engaging characters, some self-deprecating insights into slacker/nerd culture, more-or-less tight plotting, tons of Lovecraft and other pop culture in-jokes not to mention a whole lot of winking and nudging – this is an entertaining melange. I certainly hope Cooper will bring Ted and Laura back for more supernatural adventures. If the vampire novel is slipping down into the realm of the bodice ripper, it seems to me that zombies are the new vampire – able to actually embody horror without romance or any kind of soft and fuzzy feelings. Zombies mostly evoke fear and terror and a almost fatalistic wonder at the randomness of the universe. In the hands of a great up-and-coming horror novelist, zombies can be gold. Jonathan Maberry is just such a writer, the award-winning author of the Ghost Road Blues series of horror novels . Patient Zero is another real winner from Maberry, if anything even better than his earlier trilogy. It's a combination zombie horror and medical thriller – a very good example of the kind of hybrid science fiction horror genre that's bound to become more and more popular. Basically, the idea is that a Baltimore cop is recruited by a secretive government agency to help stop what seems to be a Middle Eastern terrorist plot to flood the world with a plague of zombies that spread quite easily via victims being bitten. The action is non-stop, the main character, Jack Ledger, is quite well drawn, the plot points are a bit of a stretch but well within thriller limits. One of the most interesting aspects is that Ledger's best friend, who also gets drawn into the fight, is a therapist who helps cops deal with the stress of their jobs, especially when they are forced to shoot someone. Throughout the novel, he's talking both Ledger and us through what it means to be a human being caught up in a whirlwind of violence and death, helping his friend and the other agents cope with what they're going thought at that basic human level. Very interesting and very well done. Overall, an exciting and surprisingly thoughtful read. Highest marks in the summer reading sweepstakes. I anxiously await sequels. (Yeah, I know. Zombies and humour. Zombies are strangely funny, it seems. Argh.) Anne Rice, Joss Whedon and the makers of the Underworld series of films certainly have a lot to answer for – turning the vampire genre from a true subset of the horror genre into a rather lame subset of the romance genre. Not that I have any problem with romantic vampires – as long as they're part of a larger field of vampire fiction that also includes evil, predatory vampires. My problem is that the dark supernatural romance seems to be edging out all the rest. This brings us to Jeaniene Frost's Destined for an Early Grave . Not normally the kind of book I would read, a review copy just happened to land on my desk just as we were leaving for the cottage for a couple of weeks of R&R.; So, I took it along. I also read it. Mind you, there were several times in the first 50 pages that I was sorely tempted to hurl it across the room. The romance stereotype characters drove me crazy. The sexy, feisty and tough yet strangely goofy and insecure female lead; the tall, dark, brooding and yet strangely sensitive male lead. The tall, dark, brooding and yet strangely deranged villain. Yeah, they're all there: Buffy, Angel and Spike. The plot and setting also hit all the highlights in the feudal gothic hit parade. Hereditary ruling classes, byzantine rules and regulations that you must just die for, a heroine with secret powers that happens to be the key to everyone's plans. In the end, though, I did end up finishing the book – as stereotypical as the characters were, the plot had enough twists to keep me turning the pages even if the ending was dead predictable. Of course, it didn't hurt that initially I wasn't quite sure I'd brought enough books at the cottage so I more or less felt I had to read it. In different circumstances I might not have made it much past page 10 much less 50 or 350. Sort of recommended. Barely. And speaking of evil vampires, I have enjoyed David Wellington's work and I do look forward to reading the new Guillermo del Toro and Chuck Hogan book, The Strain . It is out there, I just wish the proportions were a bit different. Joss Whedon and George Jeanty's The Long Way Home is the first graphic novel collection of the Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season 8 series from Dark Horse. When the Buffy tv show first came out, my sons were quite small so my wife and I weren't really adding any new tv shows to our roster. But the show did make a psychic impression because a lot of people I knew were watching it and reported loving it. So, now that the kids are older and all the seasons are on DVD, my wife and I basically gorged ourselves on Buffy, watching all seven tv seasons on DVD over about a seven month period -- watching the last couple of seasons in about two weeks each. The season-long story arcs made them very addictive and easy to watch the episodes in bunches. Well, we finished the apocalyptic Season 7 a few weeks ago and it seemed like a good time to give the comics version Season 8 a try. So, what do I think? So far, pretty good but not amazing. There's about a 12 month gap between the end of S7 and the first issue here where some sort of Slayer organization has been set up in Scotland and that whole process is really glossed over very quickly. I could have used a bit more of a explanation of what went on with that, even if it did slow down the opening action. Which actually makes sense, of course, as the tv show never really worried about using up screen time filling in character relationships and back story bits. If anything, that's my big complaint so far with S8, that the characters and their personal stories are really getting short shrift in favour of some rather frenetic and disjointed action. It's understandable that some of the pacing habits of tv would have to change in comics, but so far I'm really missing the characters and their lives and personal stories. The overall arc of S8 seems to focus on something called Twilight, and I do sort of see where they're going, but I'm really looking forward to getting a better sense of where they're taking the characters, in particular some of the minor characters like Dawn, who somehow has been transformed into a giant due to a romantic liaison with something called a "thricewise," whatever that is. In fact, that would have been a great story in itself. As it is, it seems to be an excuse to bring back the whiny, petulant Dawn of S6 rather than the more mature young woman from S7 -- a step back as far as I'm concerned. Giles as well is more or less missing in action so far too. I found the storytelling a bit choppy, disjounted and flashbacky, an odd choice for a book that is presumably aimed quite a bit at comics neophytes, drawn in by the Buffy connection. Something a lot more linear and straightforward would seem to be better suited, especially for the first volume. So, potential, yes. I'll be reading the rest of the series, for sure, but I'm a little concerned by the first collection that Whedon lost track of what made Buffy such a crossover hit the intervening years between S7 & S8. Slaughter, Karin. Blindsighted. New York: HarperTorch, 2002. 389pp. Slaughter, Karin. Beyond reach. New York: Dell, 2008. 573pp . I don't have too much to say about the two books at hand, both by the aptly-named Karin Slaughter. Blindsighted is a fairly typical serial killer novel while Beyond Reach is a fairly typical crime thriller. Although they don't necessarily have high body counts, the violence and mayhem is intense and brutal, earning the author both her name and her crime writer stripes. Both are well-written and exciting, with a common cast of characters which Slaughter carries from book to book in a couple of vaguely overlapping series. The plots are clever, the pace is breakneck, the characters well drawn, the action at times shocking and surprising. I've read three of her books ( Triptych last summer) and I think I'll be reading a whole lot more. 
The scenario is again played on a 2' x 2' skirmish board. The terrain is all woods, with a few odd boulders thrown in, and small stones used as encounter markers. Only Figaro and Manon start on the board (in the lower right-hand corner). There is a thick fog shifting and swirling about, so visibility is limited to d10+4" and changes each turn. The visibility on each turn is indicated in parentheses at the start of that turn's description.
I think extreme fighting is disgusting, it's horrible. I happen to be a boxing fan, have been all my life. And I know there are issues regarding boxing, and they are serious ones. But this is way beyond boxing. This is people brutalizing each other.'' - New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, 1997. The battle for mixed martial arts in our nation's cultural capital has been going strong for more than a decade.  Since Giuliani helped put an end to the contests at the height of the UFC's political battle with Senator John McCain, promoters have dreamed about a triumphant return, a trip to boxing's hallowed stomping grounds. 
Well, as you might have guessed, I wasn’t exactly Mr. Popular growing up. At recess the kids used to crowd around me and start chanting “Wordy-Wordy-Word-Butt” and claim they’d only stop it if I said the “F” word. Of course, as soon as I did that, they’d grab it and show it to the teacher and I’d end up with detention for a week. 
I made some major changes to my schedule so a good part of my afternoon was spent packaging up textbooks to send back to Amazon, then ordering new ones.  And by "ordering new ones" I mean stealing Matt's IFP books from last year.  Shhhhhhh
For a guy that loves a good constitutional debate, talk about yummy! McCain’s Canal Zone Birth Prompts Queries About Whether That Rules Him Out appears in the New York Times today. (The article is written by Carl Hulse and my father read the article in The Grand Rapids Press and was kind enough to show it to me). Well, read the article, but the issue is the US Constitution says you must be a "natural-born citizen" to be president. So, since John McCain was born in the Panama Canal Zone, the issue is in debate.
A couple of years ago I spent a wonderful week in Tel Aviv helping with the first Oracle BAM implementation in Israel.  Although everyone I interacted spoke better English than I did, the screens and data for the implementation were all in Hebrew, meaning the Hebrew alphabet.  Over the week I learnt to recognize a few Hebrew words, enough to enable me to test what we were doing.  So I knew SOA Suite worked OK with non-English and non-Latin character sets so I was suspicious recently when a customer was having data corruption of non-Latin characters.  On investigation it turned out that the data received correctly in the SOA Suite, but then it was corrupted after being stored in the database.
It worked, but had several significant drawbacks. Since it was an animal protein, there was the risk of an immune response. Anyone who desired collagen injections was skin tested and waited weeks to make sure they didn’t react to the treated protein. In addition, collagen was expensive and only lasted up to several months. For many years this was all that was available to the plastic surgeon in the realm of fillers.
I've only ever really had like maybe 7 people actually read my story and talk to me about it or mention something about it. Other then that. Everyone else I gave my story too never once even mentioned it. The two girls I worked with back in college always read my stuff and walk talk to me about the chapter. My one writing buddy. He and I used to exchange stories all the time and help each other out. My ex back in college. She actually would sit there and read my story next to me and then talk a little about it.
Let's see.... Today we talked a bit about reconciling a Buddhist practice or way of life with Western culture; not easy stuff. I'm really not the best to describe this, either, as I live in kind of my own world of philosophy, which is itself somewhat cut off from contemporary culture. If you have you're own reflections on trying to incorporate Buddhist ideals in life, please hit the 'comment' button and let us know.
Contact lenses require a certain degree of care and while the process is much simpler than it was in the past, there are still a few minimum requirements with cleaning and storage. One product that helps you achieve clean contacts with almost no effort is Ciba Vision Clear Care Contact Solution, a no- rub solution.
If the weather this weekend has been anything like here then you too are enjoying rain.  I'm diligently keeping an eye on my extremely religious neighbors backyard for signs the early stages of ark building or animal collecting.  So far nothing but the usual year-round live nativity. The one advantage of Daylight Savings returning over it leaving is the fact that resetting clocks like my alarm clock are easier when all you are doing is moving one hour ahead.
If you live in downtown Chicago and are looking for a primary physician, I would recommend Dr Kellyn Marks.  I have been going to her for the last several years and have been very pleased with they way she treats patients.  Dr Marks is very thorough. 
The story itself, evil computer entrepreneur builds the ultimate virtual game with real people and then takes it a step further – a first person shooter where the player controls a real death row prisoner in a real firefight. This is accomplished through the magic of nanotechnology. Add some good music, some hip stars, and mix, you have Gamer. 
I didn't attend this year's Photo Marketing Association (PMA) show, but as I read the coverage at PCMag and other places, a couple of trends were apparent to me. The first is a push for mid-size cameras, somewhere between point-and-shoot still cameras and the larger, traditional single lens reflex cameras (SLR); the second is a trend toward putting better quality sensors in high-end point-and-shoot cameras, even if that means a lower megapixel count.In the "in-between" category of cameras that are smaller than a traditional SLR but still offer things like interchangeable lenses, a lot of the interest has been in the Micro Four Thirds segment. Olympus and Panasonic are promoting this system, which still lets you interchange lens but does not use the mirror of an SLR, and thus has a smaller body. 
Apparently, I was not the only one who was not satisfied with the outcome of their lottery tickets. But throwing them on the ground is just wildly frivolous. You should always play AND DISPOSE OFF responsibly. Happy Thanksgiving! So CA Lottery people if you read this, please change the print on your lottery tickets. It should read "Play and Dispose Off Responsibly. Keep if you won."
I have been using Windows machines for 20 years.  I worked at Microsoft in 1992 when they launched Windows 3.1.  So, as you can see, I don't come by my decision to switch to a Mac lightly.  So why did I do it?  First, I have had it with the system crashes that come out of now where.  And like many people, I am drawn to the clean design of the Apple computers.  And now of course that I have been using the iMac 24" for the past few months I now see what I was often told.  The software itself (Leopard) is more stable and faster than Windows. 
The occasion today is to celebrate Hero's 75th Birthday and we had a family dinner in some traditional Chinese Restaurant in town which my sister recommended. Having squeezed in the past during such dinners to much discomfort, she decided that this time around, we'd separate into 2 tables with the siblings and Hero in 1 table, the kids and 3 maids in the other table. This arrangement made perfect sense because the kids are grown-ed up and its really impossible to squeeze in at the 'main' tables anymore. Food wise, we ordered identical fare for both tables.
If this had been a SyFy original, I'd have been impressed, but overall, it's a long TWILIGHT ZONE episode. The problem with a 97 minute episode is that it gives you way too much time to think, and every "surprise" plot point telegraphed itself far ahead of time.
Terrorism. global warming, natural disasters, the economy .....troubles ahead.....worry, fret, stress; the constant struggle to compete.....to keep up.....to survive. This is modern reality for the vast majority of the American population. We are constantly sensually bombarded; seem perpetually connected; almost universally psychoanalyzed; and thoroughly medicated.
AUSTIN, Texas - Twitter CEO Evan Williams on Monday announced @anywhere, a service designed to make it easier for Twitter content to be directly incorporated into Web sites.The announcement was part of Evans' keynote interview at the annual SXSW conference here. The @anywhere service is designed to make it easier to use the service without using twitter.com or a client app like Tweetdeck."Users will be about to follow their favorite columnist or writer directly from the publishers' site," Williams said. Currently, the process of following someone requires a Twitter log-in.
To cut a really long and winding short story, I was discussing the celebrated and illustrious Indian Premier League and the chances of Delhi Daredevils against Mumbai Indians in the match that was going to be held that day only in saddi Delhi. My dear friend refused to budge from the fact that DD was much better than MI. The discussion finally ended (after he and I had divulged all the strengths of our respective teams) with me and him betting on our preferent teams.
At IX Marks Liam quoted a few times from Spurgeon which made me realise that I haven't read any Spurgeon for a sometime. Why I would neglect something that is soooooo beneficial to the heart, soul and head is beyond me. Just a few pages in on his Soul winning book and I find this gem of a quote:We do not go out snow-balling on Sunday's, we go fire-balling, we ought to hurl grenades into the enemy's ranks.
California Natural is one of the best dog foods available. It has the shortest ingredient list of any dog food... chicken (or lamb), rice, sunflower oil, and vitamins. Great for dogs with food allergies as it limits the number of ingredients used over all other dog foods.Transition with the chicken and rice to settle the stomach (and make back yard cleanup easier,) then alternate flavors every once in a while as the lamb and fish formulas are great for skin and coat.
The SPY has now beat its all time record by two days, and there is nothing to say that it can't continue. But I think odds are there will be one down day between now and opex. There is no way to no how much down it will be but you have to tkink that people are starting to get nervous and are itching to book some profits. I think there is still room to the upside but I would think further upside would be healthier if we could digest the move of the past few weeks. I mean we are up 12% from the recent correction.
Well I have been working on a lot of thing. Finishing up the semester and trying to get my master degree program started as well as my freelance, but i am always working in 3D on something else. Here is something that I made last night in ZBrush. The Hair I am sure about, but i will more then likely change.
"The next Reformation truth to explore is the Sovereignty of God.  The absolute supremacy of God over all of His creation and His creatures.  The absolute control of God over His creation and creatures is known as His providence.  God is God and does what He pleases. These are some of the truths that must be explored.
 WCF 2.2- ""He is the alone fountain of all being, of whom, through whom, and to whom are all things, and hath most sovereign dominion over them, to do by them, for them, or upon them whatsoever himself pleaseth."""
This really was a movie worth seeing. For me, there are some movies that really take me somewhere, and this was one of the movies. The scenery and photography is excellent, and the soundtrack complements the movies, terrificly. When you finish the film, you feel that you left your own life for a short while, and took a lil journey worth taking.  I am a big fan of action scenes and war scenes( when they are well-done),and this movie has that coverred. I really enjoyed the fight choreography, and how they integrate skill, intelligence, and strateg yinto the fight scenes, creating a realistic vision of the ultimate warrior.
What's up, my peoples? Granted, I shouldn't have started my first review of a product with "what's up" but it's part of my personality. I decided to write a review of the iPhone because I have always wanted to write a solid review of a product for people to read and because I don't see a lot of reviews written by African Americans. Don't get me wrong: I read and respect all that write reviews or what-nots but I want to see more reviews by African Americans once in a while. This site will hopefully be a medium for such reviews.
"i can put my money and coins everywhere...YEAH!!!!i will not be waken up by him in the midnight anymore...WooW and no longer to see his lazy face.. well, i have just finished my trip in Genting..
i think my next post will be something about that.don't think that i always play around and don't study at all,
if you really think so, you are wrong!!Anyway,
wishing you all have a nice day in every single day,
at least you could able to find some happiness from someone,
and thus make yourself happy."
So then I'm a swan flying off into the sky and then the credits pop up...I never watch credits because I'm hardly ever interested in the actor...I'm more interested in the character that they played...but Bobbin had an interesting voice actor, so I watched the credits to see who voiced him (a one-hit wonder, I guess). And ka-pow there he is (I mean Card of course) right there on the screen. Script something or other...it was really cool...because I was thinking of him before and then there he was...like a dream come true...or something like that.
The World Wide Leader has finally acquired rights to broadcast the Barclay's English Premier League (that's soccer for you neophytes). ESPN had twice bid on arguably the most famous league of the most famous sport on the planet and it looks like the third time's the charm. The massive branch of the Disney media conglomerate will pay £250 million ($408 million) for the rights to 46 games for the 2009-2010 season and 23 for the following three seasons.The EPL, home to such powerhouses as Chelsea, Manchester United and Arsenal (go Gunners!) is one of Europe's infamous futbol leagues along with La Liga in Spain, the Bundesleage in Germany and Serie A in Italy.
Coast is a great sushi restaurant in the Damen/Armitage area of Bucktown.  The atomsphere is relaxed, modern, and dark and the sushi is top notch.  The only minor downside is that it's BYOB, and we never remember that.  Of course, there's a liquor store a block away if you need to snag a quick bottle of wine.  
I did a lot of thinking about my business today. I got very close to taking the first step. I am not sure still. I think I need to finish this book I am trying to get through. It is basically about this kind of stuff, so I might learn something important. Jesus Christ! I thought I was just overreacting last time I complained about my parents watching movies to loud, because I have been watching my movies pretty loud too. But what the fuck. They are going to knock the fucking house down. Seriously, it is fucking 11:30pm and my brother is trying to sleep so he can wake up at 5 for school tomorrow. They have the volume way too loud.
"I just finished reading Rainbows End by Vernor Vinge and I recommend it. It is science fiction in the style of Gibson's Neuromancer series or Stephenson's Diamond Age but less cyberpunk. In Rainbows End, Vinge describes a near-future which includes augmented reality and life-changing medical advances.
"
United Services Auto Association (USAA) is far and way the best insurance company in the world, bar none.I guess that's a bit of hyperbole. But I can't think of any organization I have dealt with that is more entitled to a rave.I became a member of USAA when I was an officer in the US Air Force in the late 1950s. 50+plus years has given me ample opportunity to test the performance of USAA. They have never let me down.
"i don't even look good touching one.
lol in other news my wrist is feeling better after the fall at 4F 2 weeks ago. should be back on my bike soon its driving me crazy cause i cant. you should go check some of these sites even though its not like my blog gets any looks any ways"
There is a recent trend sweeping the diamond ring world and this can be a trend that enables newly engaging couples to save a lot of money - as they may need to since they are young and since at the time of this writing the economy has taken a sharp downturn that looks like it will last for a little bit longer - but, still be chic and not ever have to worry about any stigma about being "cheap".
Man...this car rocks! Push button start...automatic everything...the only downside was the speed so I upgraded mine to the 350 with exhaust and man is it one crazy ride...I still want to test drive the ISF...Anyways, bottom line= lexus engines are the best and this ride gets a lot of compliments.  
XM Satellite Radio, with its over 130 stations (most commercial-free) can appeal to anyone, but it has real appeal to those of use who do some long distance driving.  you know, those drives that leave you hitting the scan button on your AM/FM radio looking for a signal, any signal that will pierce the night.  
There's hardly any sport that isn't better on horseback.  Hockey on horseback? It's called "Polo."  Instant win. Horseback riding on horseback? Even better. But no sport could benefit more than figure skating. How many times have you seen the same dips, backwards skates and triple jumps? Boring. Now imagine all of that... But on a horse. Everything old is new again!
Last May, I wrote a two-part series entitled "Understanding Apple." (Part 1, Part 2) In it, I pointed out that, as someone who has followed the company extensively since 1981, I'd developed a pretty strong understanding of the way it had operated over the previous 27 years. I've also spent a lot of time with Apple's management team over the years, developing a pretty good understanding of why the company does what it does.
the city i live in is bisected by a beautiful river. i cross it two times every day. the otonabee was once a wild river that the first nations used to travel through this region. later, it drew the early settlers to its side because it provided not only the necessary liquids around which all life inevitably gathers, but also because it provided a source of energy. energy to drive grainmills and woodmills. many cities began their lives this way.
I have been going to Dr Michael Marcus for at least 5 if not 10 years.  He and his office are fast, efficient, thorough and completely professional.  The hygenists are very well trained and remember me from appointment to appointment.  They never make me wait and I am always out of there in one hour. 
No, I didn't put those in the wrong order. As many people know, I have collected every incarnation of Star Trek ever seen on the screen, both large and small. However, there are definitely some I have not had the time to see. I decided to correct that, and start watching them all. I watched the first episode of Enterprise tonight. Unlike my recent attempt to go back through the original series, I was pleasantly surprised. Of course, this was the pilot, so not everything worked smoothly. The actors need to learn their characters a little, and definitely need to work on their chemistry. But I found the plot engaging, and the effects decent. I enjoyed watching some more flawed characterization. It is logical that humanity had a ways to go from where we are now to where we are by next generation days, but I had not seen it on film before.
Blizzard is one of the few companies that has consistently offered Mac versions alongside its PC releases. While a beta is ostensibly a chance to stress-test the servers, and thus it makes sense to concentrate on the platform with a larger audience, some Mac users have felt a bit put out by the long wait. The beta is expected to end in late spring, making the two month gap for a Mac release a pretty substantial chunk of available time. Still, Blizzard is committed to making it happen, when most developers don't bother with the platform. As the old saying goes, better late than never.
Man...this car rocks! Push button start...automatic everything...the only downside was the speed so I upgraded mine to the 350 with exhaust and man is it one crazy ride...I still want to test drive the ISF...Anyways, bottom line= lexus engines are the best and this ride gets a lot of compliments.  
I am writing this post as I am in an Enterprise Architecture class, specifically on the Oracle Enterprise Architecture Framework (OEAF).  I have been a long believer that SOA’s key strength is that it is the first IT approach that blends or unifies business and technology.  That is a common view and is certainly valid but is not completely true (or at least accurate).  As my personal view of EA is growing, I realize more than ever that doing EA is FAR MORE than creating a reference architecture, creating a physical architecture or picking a technology to standardize on.  Those are parts of the puzzle but not the whole puzzle by any stretch.
As I read about the massive earthquake this morning in Chile and the resulting tsunami, my mind raced with prophetic thoughts. Then I went to the Word; I wound up in I Kings 19.Perhaps it is wise to wait for that Still Small Voice that He will surely send to us if there is more to this or if there is something we need to know. That is not to diminish the power of this event or its possible prophetic significance. 
ust a quick LOST-related thought. I think that most discussions of this season have neglected key insights from last season, such as that Widmore and Hawking may both have been acting in order to prevent the death of their son, Daniel Faraday. As far as Widmore can tell, the attempt was unsuccessful. And so perhaps he has gone to the island not to kill the smoke monster but to capture him and to make a deal. He wants his son restored to life
There is no place to hide from God- not in the heights of heaven nor in the depths of hell. God finds us. In the light or in the dark; In the open air or in the womb; God knows us, loves us, and helps us- guiding us, holding us fast. When doctors do not know enough, God knows- for He made us. Not one cell, one molecule- not one atom or subatomic particle-- that makes us who we are is hidden from Him. 
Elder Scrolls 4: Oblivion is the best computer/game console game ever known to man. I got hooked on the Elder Scrolls Series starting with Morrowind about 3 years ago and still enjoy playing it now. Oblivion starts where Morrowing ended, but its is a totally different world with different objectives and charaters plus if you get the Game Of The Year Edition you get 2 bonus expansion packs with it. You get "Knights of the Nine" and "Shivering Isles".
The session began quietly for me. On my brow and temples I felt a pain on the right side of my head. It was strange and only bothered me during the session while on my head. Michelyne felt short zaps of electricity particulary on my brow. Also on the temples I felt like I was squinting my eyes light one would from a bright light. I didn't really notice any colors.
"
As a last thing, I was handed late last night the two books of award winners in comics and in prose from the Philippine Graphic/Fiction Awards that Fully Booked and I have been sponsoring for the last 5 years. They are really solid, good-looking books I'm proud to have been a part of helping to bring into existence. They'll be on sale tonight -- but only after the award winners are announced (because the winners are in there and we don't want to give it away). "
This story now in it's last season5, chronicles the city of Baltimore from 4 distinct angles.  The Street, the Law, the Jgovernment, and now the Media.  It shows how all are intertwined. It is a robust offering and packs plenty of power.  
"Final Fantasy XIII is finally out on PS3 and Xbox 360. Square-Enix’s newest adventure eschews the visiting towns/talking-to-people/choices focus of the previous games in the series in favor of a new battle and story-heavy system. And whether you enjoy it on the PS3 or pretend it doesn’t bother you that the Xbox 360 version is terrible, you’ll have a lot of free time on your hands watching those FMVs and hitting those “Auto-Battle” commands. So while you’re waiting, why not play a drinking game?
Take A Shot Every Time You promise yourself the game will get better than this. You run straight. Someone says the word “hero.” You read the Datalog to understand what the hell just happened. You look at the box to make sure it’s actually a Final Fantasy game.
"
"Has literature got a flavour? And if it has, what does it taste of? When I first read Salman Rushdie's 'Midnight's Children', I felt the same way I do whenever I have my favourite brand of crisps: Kettle Chips. I call them grown-ups' crisps: mature, intelligent (none of that half-full/half-empty pack shenanigans like Walkers') and addictive. Same with Salman's fiction. It's full of a silliness that is trascendental and lyrical at the same time. He clearly has fun writing, ergo, I have fun reading him. And I have fun, too, eating Kettle Chips.
"
The Apple iPod Touch 3rd Generation is a calendar, PDA, and many other things. Of course the fact that it can do these functions ,music/video/movie/audiobook/mini-computer, makes the perfect business helper. They're so convenient and user freindly that everyone can use it very easily.It can be used also as a storage unit to transfer files from iPod to computer. You can check your email using Wi-Fi.
In my last post, http://jahaines.blogspot.com/2010/03/performance-tuning-101-what-you-will.html I talked about performance tuning queries that appear to be well tuned.  There are a lot of optimization techniques available unbeknownst to most developers that do not require indexes or radical code changes.  These are the optimizations that I will be talking about in this post.  There is absolutely no way I could go over every possible optimization technique available, but I will do my best to present as much content here today, and will make future posts on other techniques.
The most striking thing about Cozumel right now is the hurricane damage, and seeing what's been repaired and what hasn't. Cozumel is actually on a small island just off the coast of Mexico, and bore the brunt of last season's storms. At first, much of the island looked like old photos of post-war Europe, with only the skeletal remains of buildings standing. We found, as we got closer, that there was a great deal of construction going on trying to refurbish these large buildings (you'll need to click them to full-size).
"Nice moon , is it ? While I was waiting for my friends to reach the car park of my school , I saw this big moon ! haha ... luckily i brought my tripod , so i can take a nice moon photo ! :)
This is Chap Goh Meh , the last day of Chinese New Year , in China today was valentine day . :) like previous year ( last year ) , we went out for dinner , the different was this year we didn't go to temple after dinner . "
No other country, with a history of successful education, applies economic principles of competition and incentives to the teaching profession. It’s too narrow-focused. There are so many other variables to consider. Community, family, individual differences. Schools are not factories. No other nation, with a successful school system, abandons courses in cultural subjects, like music and foreign languages, to focus only on basic skills and testing.
"I haven't posted about music in a while, but here goes. So, I'm cruising through iTunes, building a playlist of 'essentials.' There are some songs that I just have to be able to listen to whenever I want. Here, in no particular order, are a few of them. 1. Jet Airliner, by Steve Miller. (i love the joker and fly like an eagle but hear them too much) 2. Heart of Glass, by Blondie. (the original not the funky disco one *must* have the word ass or wph wtp) 3. Life in the Fast Lane, by The Eagles. (this is prolly #2 on my atf list)
"
Hey all you Sunnydale Alumni, ever wondered whatever happened to your classmates? Ya know, since that whole "Hellmouth" thing? Man, those were bitchin' times. Well, you're in luck, because Timeout New York has you covered.The Buffy the Vampire Alumni Event promises to party like it's 1999. And you won't have to run for your life! Organizer Clinton McClung has lined up an evening of trivia, Oscar-style video tributes and even a "Class Protector" award for the best dressed costume, presumably.
I am a big fan of the zombie apocalypse genre, probably because it usually features lone individuals finding each other and joining forces to survive in a hostile environment filled with mindless infected masses.  I love playing the computer game Left 4 Dead 2 and I enjoy watching zombedies such as Zombieland and Shaun of the Dead.
Due to high work load in my day job, just a quick update. My picture at istockphoto fell through - AGAIN! Can't deal with it right now though. Will do later. I now claimed a few blogs on technorati, as you know. Turns out, now I have one more thing to worry about. There's something called technorati authority. This is a measure of how important your blog is in the blogosphere of that topic. So now I have to build technorati authority.
Honda Accord is a a great car. this is the first car i owned and i am really impressed by the looks, performance, durablity and and the long lasting engine. This car is really a worth for the amount spent in its class. you can use it for 200,000 miles (two hundred thousand miles) without much trouble and maintenance required.  
"When it comes to choosing diamonds, there are many aspects to consider, but most gemologists consider the cut as probably the most important feature when it comes to a gemstone's appearance.

A diamond can have perfect color and clarity but will suffer in value and appearance due to a poor cut because of its dulled appearance.

The cut determines a diamond's brilliance or how light enters the gemstone. A diamond with an ideal or excellent cut grade proportions will return the maximum amount of light to the viewer's eye, making the gem appear more brilliant and beautiful as a result."
"oh, The breakfast flakes sprinkle on some paradox ...hear one happy bird a perceived delight!
at the dark edge of twilight …
singing his moon song "
When I was a young boy my Grandmother came to live with us for a while, and she loved the soap operas on the radio. I can’t remember the names of them but there was One Man’s Family, but every day she wanted to listen to those. This was a prank as a young boy I would set up the phonograph so when she came in to listen, instead of the soap operas coming on, the theme music for drag net would come on and she wouldn’t know how to change it. So she would have to come get me and I would change it back.
I bought it for my friend daughter. I have two Britax car seats, the Decathalon and Roundabout.  These car seats seem to be the safest on the market.  I feel incredibly comfortable putting my children in these seats and they seem to provide the support in all the right places.  I also love how incredibly easy these are to clean.  I take them out every so often and vacumn them out completely and they look (almost) new.  The belt is very smooth moving, especially when you press the button to give you more belt when strapping the child in.  
Had this for awhile when a key part broke. The customer service had to be pushed to perform, and pretty disappointing. 
At one point in my life, I literally thought that you must be insane to pay for audio programming...why pay for something that is available for free on any AM/FM radio?  That was until all of that same AM/FM programming became very stale and I became annoyed with what seemed like endless commercial breaks.
Let me say from the start that I work for Sprint and get free cell phone service. If I didn't work for Sprint (which will be the case very soon), I might easily make a different choice for a cell phone. However, I wanted to get a new phone and didn't want something as bulky as a Blackberry or even the Palm Pre. Most of my cell phone use is for simply making and receiving calls, so I wanted something that was so easy to carry that it was almost like it wasn't there.
I love this show sooo much. its very interesting and the charecters are real and great.  it was nice seeing richard dean anderson again.  he is hilarious in this series.  I like michael shanks, he is good looking and his charecter is a total stud.  Amanda Tapping and Christopher (teal'c) are also great actors and they all get along great on the show.  i just love the concept of the stargate show, love it love it love it.  recomend it!  
"Harley-Davidson has developed some exciting bikes since they became employee owned, teetering on the verge of bankruptcy in the mid-eighties. What a turn around for the company, from just about out of business to a lean and mean organization that has case studies written about the excellence of its management for use in prestigious business schools.
"
This winter, as we all gathered at my parent's to decide what excursions (onshore activities) we'd be signing up for, we all decided that today would be the day that we do something as a group with my parents. After all, they were paying for everything, and neither of them were planning on the snorkeling/caving/speedboating activities. So we decided to take in a Mexican folklore show, and then just kick back and check out the shopping and eating and everything else we might find.
"As I sit here late at night I mourn what I have lost. I have perhaps mourn what I have lost for too long. It seems as life moves forward I keep glancing in the rearview mirror to mourn rather than look forward to what is to come. This has crippled my life. I have stopped to gaze into where I have been rather than charge forward to where I am going.

"
After days of rain that dropped 5-8 inches in the Boston area, the sun is out, the waters are slowly receding and it's beginning to feel like spring! These beautiful crocus blossoms greeted me at my side door this morning as I was leaving for the office - I'm pleased to share them with you.
Saint Patrick's Day! I totally forgot. That is really sad since I am 50% Irish and almost 50% Scottish. I have no cultural identity. I am just a lost soul who has no culture. I think maybe the one thing that I inherited from my Irish forefathers is anger problems, but that is a different story. I didn't wear any green, I didn't do anything to celebrate. I am surprised I even thought of it at all. I guess its because my Mom cooked a Corned Beef and it smelled so Damn good. The green tablecloth also helped. Otherwise I would have probably gone throughout the entire day without even having a clue.
Toxic people living in toxic environments leave toxic waste. Hurting people hurt people. In update New York there was a toxic parcel of land called the Love Canal - it is a neighborhood in Niagara Falls where 21,000 tons of industrial waste was buried and built over. The original canal project to connect the two sections of the Niagara River in the 1800's was abandoned. 
The Heavy Rain game is more of an interactive movie, in which a bloody origami is found near dead people, which suggests very interesting paper-y things happened to them to make their Facebook status a frowny face for a long time before they finally died.
i like it services. very polite and sweet stewardess and steward. they very friendly on my last flight they made me laugh and do did i.the only thing is i never got air miles for my tickets . i don't know if i can.i think it should fly new places . cause is worth flying jetblue. big planes , lots of space and lots of farts along the flights.laughing my ass off. but hey who don't lay one.here or there.  
"The other aspect is of course personal but with my wife and I both doing reiki, this makes for some interesting dinner conversations. I must say that our relationship over the same cycle as my improvements in general mood has also improved. I guess a good way to put it is that we feel more kindrid. yes that's it. Laughing and doing as we please. That's a good thing.
"
This first day of school is a little different than the dozens of others I've experienced. Winter 2008 marks the first semester that I start the advertising major at BYU, and it feels good to finally have a focus in school. Today has been a day mostly of standing in lines for various reasons, but I did manage to get some required reading in for my marketing research class. So far, the text has not lived up to its price ($153.) My first class starts in about an hour, goes for about 2.5 hours, then I have the wonderful commute back to the salt lake valley after that.
I watched the first episode of Enterprise tonight. Unlike my recent attempt to go back through the original series, I was pleasantly surprised. Of course, this was the pilot, so not everything worked smoothly. The actors need to learn their characters a little, and definitely need to work on their chemistry. But I found the plot engaging, and the effects decent. I enjoyed watching some more flawed characterization. It is logical that humanity had a ways to go from where we are now to where we are by next generation days, but I had not seen it on film before.
Last week, a friend said to me, "Are you excited about Vancouver?" And I looked at him blankly, desperately trying to remember when this new movie Vancouver was coming out and what the plot was. Don't make my mistake. Vancouver is a city in British Columbia. British Columbia is a province of Canada. Canada is basically part of the United States. Just kidding about the last part.
While more of a performance tweak than an actual sequel, Rock Band 2 is still the best music game on the market today. The game comes with over 80 songs on disk and 20 free songs with a special code in the instruction booklet. The game is also compatible with nearly all songs from the original Rock Band with the purchase of a minimal licensing fee. New songs are made available for download each week. The song selection is widely varied spanning multiple genres from country to black metal.
"1. gentle crescent moon
 smiling in the western sky ...
you've returned, friend moon   2. the clouds were struck numb
in the valley of lightning ...
no grounding thunder "
Coast has become one of the best sushi spots in town and is no longer just for folks living in Wicker Park and Bucktown.  We love the "White Dragon and Volcano Rolls" which set Coast apart from other creative sushi places in town.  If you like signature rolls, you must try Coast!
"In 1970 I got out of the Navy..... and at that time met my soon to be wife Deborah she was a school teacher. One year later we were married. For the next 2 years Debbie was teaching high school so that I could go to culinary arts school to become a chef.

"
The color and texture of facial skin reveals signs of aging. If you look carefully in the mirror you will probably see variations in pigmentation, particularly in the cheeks, forehead and around the mouth, and your skin may have a rough appearance with large pores and a dull finish.The Obagi regimen will remove the outer keratin layer of skin (the layer of dead cells which has not yet fallen off), and will also blend the pigment in your skin, giving you a more uniform color rather than blotchy multiple colors. The overall effect is a smoother, brighter, younger appearance.
There are a few possibilities for this problem. The first one is that the little switch that is behind the burner knob either went bad or got water in it. To isolate the switch that is the problem you can pull one of the wires off of behind the burner knobs one at a time till it stops. That one is the one that is bad.
Men and women who have excess fat deposits and loose skin in their abdomen and who find it difficult to lose the excess fat through pills, exercise and dieting opt for abdominoplasty. Women who have had multiple pregnancies and stretched abdominal muscles and skin and are unable to return to their original shape can also choose abdominoplasty.Women planning to become pregnant should not go for abdominoplasty, as the muscles in the abdomen would expand during pregnancy. People who have had any type of abdominal surgery should not opt for abdominoplasty.
couldn't believe it when I heard that Naseem soa is teaching kids of all ages at his residence. My first thought was "how could any parent take their child to him?". Are we so out of touch with what is right and wrong that we think everything is OK? What does it say about us as a society?My next thought was why the concerned authorities are allowing this to go forward? I hope that their response would not be that there are no laws in place to keep such offenders in check.
This is the best car I've ever had! No probs beyond routine maintenance. It's tall enough to see over traffic, and fast enough to zip through it smoothly. It's a bit narrow - can't rest my elbow on the window ledge as I was used to - but I can live with that. Mileage is great for a traditional vehicle: 23-26 mpg. Cargo capacity is remarkable, too. The back seats can be folded down or removed. A neat added feature are the hooks in the back for hanging grocery bags.
Software developer VALVE had a couple of major announcements earlier this week; the first of which was that there is going to be a sequel to the critically acclaimed Portal released later this year, and the second was that the company's game distribution service Steam, as well as many of its games, will soon be coming to Macs. While the latter may only make a small sect of gamers happy, the former should put a smile on the face of anyone that has escaped the Aperture test facility in the past. To honor these big announcements this week's Auctioneer is all about VALVE, and the games that they've brought us.
he wireless industry is a notoriously tough nut to crack, and it's become pretty clear that the first iPhone wasn't about total domination so much as priming the market and making a good first impression with some very dissatisfied cellphone users. With the iPhone 3G, though, Apple's playing for keeps. Not only is this iPhone's Exchange enterprise support aiming straight for the heart of the business market, but the long-awaited 3rd party application support and App Store means it's no longer just a device, but a viable computing platform. 
"Heard a song today called Unfaithful. Not sure who sang it originally but Rhianna does it now. It's about a girl that is unfaithful to her lover. Seems like I lived my whole life like that. Not a single girl being even the least bit faithful to me. They all cheated on me. It's a good song. I can actually say I sympathize for the lover in the song cause I went what he went through every single time.

My niece is starting to show new actions that show her evolution from baby to actual child. I watched her today move her car seat to the little table and place her little pooh bear or baby as she calls it into the seat. Then she placed a bowl of little gold fish crackers in front of it then walked over and sat down in her own little chair that my father built and started eating from her own bowl. She would get up occasionally and take the little wet cloth that we used to clean her face with and use it on the ""baby"" to clean its face with."
Let's face it, most of the newest car innovations fit a family about as well as a studio apartment! While Ford never says so, the innovations designed into the Reflex concept make it look like they were designed with family in mind. A hip sporty family, that wants to go green, but a family.There are the reverse butterfly doors which make it easy to get in and out of front or back, and mean a parent is no long bumping into the door installing a car seat, or buckling baby in. And speaking of car seats, it comes with one; built right into the rear seat. When is the last time your car came with one of those?
I survived the day. Had a hard time waking this AM but made it somehow. Work was interesting had a headache most of the PM, wonder if it was Caffeine as I had a coffee this AM and then a Pepsi. Had an instant ice pack on neck and shoulder most of afternoon. Was told by a couple of people should go home. Told them kinda hard with no sick time left and they just looked. If they only knew. I made 3 out of 4 metrics on Friday and 2 out of 3 for week. Pretty sure am off to good start for this week but who knows. Better yet who gives a shit. really,.
This game was a blast. You (as Drake) start the game waking up in a train that is dangling over the side of a cliff. You have to climb up the train car, which is slowly teetering off the edge of the cliff, ready to plummet miles down into a snowy abyss. From the snowy beginning there are flashbacks to what led Drake to this predicament. The story unfolds in a very cinematic manner, and the scenes in between levels, while a bit clichéd by Hollywood standards, are still just as good if not better than your average brainless Mel Gibson or Bruce Willis action movie. In fact, the cheese is part of the fun and I would venture to say it's intentional.
"Stopped by the post office this morning to pick up a package on my way to the lab. I thought it would be as good a time as any to clean up my desk and at the very least make it appear that I am more organized than I really am (seriously, it's a mess). It's pretty nice here on the weekends, it's quiet, there's less worry of disturbing undergrad classes if I do any experiments in the daytime.

Anyway, it turns out the t-shirt I ordered from Concrete Rocket arrived! Here's how the design looks:"
I had pretty bad vision since I was in 3rd grade.  About 5 years ago, after watching many people around me get Lasik, I decided to take the plunge.  Because this was an elective surgery that in rare cases, could cause damage to my eyes, I decided to find the absolute best doctor for the job. I chose  Dr Coleman Kraff and he was amazing to watch.  Very confident, poised, fast, and focused....well like a laser. 
This camcorder is really good for the price and it has an easy button for people who are not good with camcoders. There is also a touch screen in the camcorder ang you can turn the screen so you can see yourself. It also has a built in lens cover and you don't have to worry about lossing it.  
"At the time Debbie and I moved to Rapid City  our family started to grow by one boy and four girls. I'd like to introduce You to my ""little kids"". On the top row starting left to right, my son Brian and my daughter Leslie. On the bottom row; left-to-right, my youngest daughter Shelley, my eldest daughter Christy and my next eldest daughter Suzanne.
They are all adults and they all live in Rapid City."
Ideally, the process for buying a laptop would involve a single question: "Which laptop should I buy?" The answer would then spring forth from the heavens or your favorite technology Web site. Unfortunately, finding the right laptop for your budget and needs involves answering not one but a series of questions. Fear not, laptop buyer, we know which questions to ask, the answers to those questions, along with the current market trends and where laptops are headed. 
Slept until 11am. Time change seems to have no effect. in fact filled my tires with air and went for a bike ride around the complex like 5 times. Legs were hurting so stopped and came inside. Time change no effect as of yet but being cautious. Feeling pretty up and positive. Need to get gas for car and then run a few errands. Laundry is going to wait again. Goal for next week is to complete all of it. It is at least in a semi organized piles and ready to be washed. Need to find a laundry shop to complete. Also need to register for IML volunteer and start working on getting taxes filed and the $5,000.00 medical bill from last hospitalization. That is approximate including Doctors which I have yet to receive. Funny they are charging me over $3,000 for the CPAP. that is the price of a new machine. I plan on fighting that charge to see what happens. Will be using health advocate to see what, if anything can be done. Last night did not sleep right away so created contracts for my support system alerting them if what they should be on the look out for and what actions to take if they see me doing those actions. 
"Yesterday we had dense fog, heavy rain last night and fog again this morning. It is supposed to transition (whatever happened to just saying ""change""?) to rain beginning around ten this morning. And yes, today is the day we load carts onto the Bookmobile, unload them, reload them, unload them, reload them -- all day long. This will be my first experience dealing with that in the rain. I understand that we have some flimsy tarps to put over the carts, but the word is that they are not all that helpful. At least it is supposed to get up to about 53 (11.6 C).
"
Remarkably inventive, animated masterpiece from Hayao Miyazaki who has been responsible for 3 or 4 of the finest animated films I have ever seen and at leas half a dozen excellent ones as well.Spirited Away is the best known and it has been dubbed by a well cast group of English speaking actors so that you will not need to read subtitles to enjoy this new classic.
I haven't decided quite what I'm going to do with them yet. I might try a short game using Rattrap's Broadsword Adventures, or else I might try running a solo RPG scenario using one of the old school D&D clones, probably Labyrinth Lord, along with the Mythic GM Emulator, which I just recently picked up and which looks fairly interesting. Either way I'll most likely post the results here.
To start off, this thing is basic when it compares to other portable music players on the market.  It doesn't have all the thrills and frills that some portables have.  It doesn't have the video capability, it doesn't have touch screen.  What it lacks in aesthtics, it completly makes up for in funtionality, ease of use, portablilty, as well as over all relaibility.  The size first off always amazes me that something so tiny can hold so much. 
I live to bash Al-Farouq Aminu, so bash him I will.  The only chance Wake has of winning this game is if they do it in spite of Aminu.  The kid is – amongst many other things – garbage.  You sit there waiting for him to assert himself until you realize he can’t.  Three words to describe Aminu: uncomfortable, disconnected, and content.  Similar to how I want you to be aware of my Turner love, I also want you to fully understand my Aminu hate.  I’m as low on Aminu – pause – as I am high on Wall.   
"Yes, observers of the Kansas City Rights Voting Rights Massacre know about Mr. Hearnes and his work behind the scenes in our sister city, St. Louis and across the nation.

The article also talks a great deal about the REAL ID act. Missouri State Rep. Jim Guest (R-King City) is a national leader in opposing Real ID. Yet for some reason, the anti-REAL ID forces in Jefferson City didn't see the threat of voter ID laws.

Clearly the governor's office is aware of the issues. Matt Blunt was Secretary of State during the 2004 election. His chief of staff, Ed Martin was former chairman of the St. Louis City Board of Election Commissioners.

Yet where does the buck stop in the administering of Missouri's elections? The Governor? The Secretary of State? The County Clerks? The Board of Election Commissioners?

Yes and No. Welcome to the Missouri's segregated election system with anti-machine politics protection. Missouri's system is a result of Jim Crow laws and anti-Pendergast ""reform"" efforts.

Sigh. The work of reform is never done.
"
I was looking for a small, inexpensive mp3 player for my workouts at the gym. An i-pod seemed a bit too costly for what I would use it for, so I checked out mp3 players on eBay. After doing my research, the Samsung YP T9 J seemed to be the way to go. It's small, has multiple features and is much less expensive than an i-Pod. I purchased a refurbished 2GB model on eBay for less than $50. 4GB models are also available for a bit more. I didn't think I would need anymore than 2GB at the time of purchase. 
So, I have now seen about 9 Enterprise episodes. I am actually really enjoying this show. It does have a different feel than many of the Star Trek shows. I feel the characters are more realistic in their human reactions. We have also watched half the first season of Gary Unmarried. This is a pretty funny show. My wife says, except for his life situation, I am very much like the main character. Apparently sarcasm and a biting wit are how I communicate. No argument from me, I guess.... 
I was wondering if any of you follow specific fat burning and muscle building programs? If so do you follow programs that you found online or do you follow programs that are sold in stores or shown in magazines or books? Where exactly do you get your workouts from, if you even follow them that is? And what programs have worked the best for you as far as muscle building?Also I was wondering what you have tried that has helped you build muscle as far as supplements and programs - as I am trying to compare and test against the best muscle building and fat burning programs. 
It was a curious Minister's Bible Study I held tonight. Several of the great "poles of opinion" came up (yet without contention). One of the group said: "How should we think about these things? Healing, predestination, women in leadership -- and totally different views?" I said, "My closest friend in ministry [he has since emigrated] held the opposite view to me on women in leadership -- and he still does. I think that God smiles on him with humour, and says, 'I'll show you ...'" One of the group interrupted me, wagging a finger: "I'll show you a thing or two!" I said, "No. 'I'll show you what wonderful things I can do through you, in spite of your quirky views.
for the past few days my brain has been turned off. i don't know why it is, but i go through spurts where i just turn off. maybe it's my brain's way of telling me it needs a break. my mind is very good at justifying breaks. no need to eat healthy ty, you just worked out. that's something my brain would say. it's a real bad influence on me as is my heart. they are always scheming of ways to make me look like a fool. i still like them though.
Everyone knows about the Subaru safety and reliability, but few are aware they're now taking the Euro sports cars head on. This car is the ultimate sleeper off the line, but is a great road trip vehicle, and has lots of utility. Drive it, and be ready to be impressed. Thanks Subaru!
Well started working on my game, figure out the pipe line and the game engine that I going to use. I am starting to make the assets for the first level. The plan is make the first level and see what I can do with it. It is kind of a steam punk western, that is all i am going to say for now. You can get the idea from this... it is a train. 
In Mario 3 it's your job as Mario or his 'supporting role' brother Luigi to rescue 7 different and unique kingdoms that are being taking over by the 7 rotten Koppa kids of the original King Bowser from the first game. The story still doesn't explain why two Italian plumbers are in this fantasy world but I don't care. 
Uh...creepy much?  Family Guy has always been one for the off-kilter comedy, but rarely has a series been so cavalier with its sacred canon than last night's "Go Stewie, Go."  Lois cheating on Peter, Brian coming onto Stewie in drag, Meg being Meg...Seth MacFarlane is all over the place. Last night saw the first Family Guy since February's "Extra-Large Medium," and the break hasn't done any favors for the show.  All the usual throw-away gags ensue, mostly falling flat, but occasionally garnering a chuckle or two
I've officially decided to wait on the Wii. With articles like this one popping up around the internet, I think it is worth my while to hold out until at least sometime next year. I got the DS right after it came out and then was upset when they put out the DS Lite not long afterward. Of course I switched to the sleeker and brighter Lite version, but I don't want to have to do that with the Wii.
Throughout the history of "Lost," long-dead characters have had a tendency to reappear, whether through ghostly visions, flashbacks and now, in its final season, flash-sideways'. In the first handful of new episodes, fans were reacquainted with characters such as Charlie Pace and Boone Carlyle, and we know that there are going to be other future appearances as well from the likes of Michael Dawson and the enigmatic Libby.Now, you can add another name to the list — Rebecca Mader is returning as Charlotte Lewis. 
This car definitely lives up to the Honda name. It rides great, good on gas, and very room to be  a small vehicle. Its very roim, has an excellent sound system, and accelerates very fast for such a small motor. this is an all around great car. With a sort of small trunk
"I had planned a whole big post for yesterday, but as you may have noticed, I missed my blogligation yesterday. Yup, that's right, I fucked up again. Oh well, I'm over worrying about it these days. If I remember, I remember, if I don't I don't.

"
I was told compound exercises are the best exercises for gaining mass so i do the bench press, but the problem is when i do the bench press i go on to do the tricep workouts but i dont have enough strength to carry it out. i got told that doing bench press alone is not good enough to properly develope your triceps and you have to do specific tricep workouts but i can't because i have been drained by doing the bench press. I know the simplest way to resolve this problem is by doing a split rountine but i've just got back into weightlifting so im doing full body workouts with a divide of the lower and upper sections, this is my routine monday upper, tuesday lower, wednesday rest, thursday upper, friday lower, weekend off, do you know anyway to resolve this problem? thanks. 
"30 Rock is a very...unique...show.  It's very easy to see why the Emmys flock to it like tweens to a Taylor Lautner poster; there's simply nothing else like it on TV.  A show like The Office usually goes out for more obvious discomfort-related gags, while 30 Rock engages a much more rapid-fire hit and miss of total absurdity.  It's been a few weeks since we've seen lachrymose Liz Lemon, even after the Olympics, and I can honestly say I missed the witty offbeat charm 30 Rock does so well.

"
I disagree with Ruse here, because I disagree with Dostoevsky. It's hard to prove a case in fiction, and I wasn't convinced by Crime and Punishment, where the protagonist Raskolnikov tries to prove his superiority to religious morality by robbing and killing an old woman. He botches the job, and eventually turns himself in -- just as the police are closing in on him anyway.
"It was difficult because every company has cut their budget. I tried
many job search engines, but there is no internship available. Then, I
tried to use some old fashion way, mailing resume out, to companies
which I am interest. My respond is only 1 out of 20, and the only
respond was I made a following up call. It was not cost efficiency,
soon after few more attempts I drop this idea. After all, I decided
that it wasn't that bad to rely on connection to get a job. I went to
the student career center and asked the person to help. I read a
statement somewhere, and it said 90% of your first impression of
someone probably is right in the end. My guessing is correct, that
person was not capable of her job, because she can't even answer me
the result of a survey she asked those just grad student to do few
months ago."
 purchased this camcorder as a gift for my cousin. I am always impressed with Canon's advanced technology and strong commitment to best quality. The picture quality outside in a bright, sunny day is amazingly sharp and the Image Stabilization feature works pretty well if you have a shaky hand like me while shooting. To shoot a scene indoors in a low light, the picture is kind of grainy, but still much better than a Panasonic camcorder at the same price range.
Three months ago, in June, Ji Lee and I went to Bishkek to initiate conversations and creations about public art. The art center where we called our home for the 2 weeks ended up with a new identity and a couple of public art projects. Now, I have returned to maintain the momentum at high. CEC generously provided funds for artist initiated public art project. Through a call for proposals, artists were invited to submit ideas for public artworks which will be installed on the grounds of B’Art.
"Well going to try and get this all cough up. I still been building car, truck, motorcycles, and all most anything else you can think of, well it is a Living. Also some more scripting things, a incremental saver and a binding script.

But here is some of car that I have been working on. I have been working none stop sense the last time."
Quietly, Microsoft has lowered the price of its two Zune HD players by $20, according to official pricing on Microsoft's own site. The 32-Gbyte HD model now costs $269.99, while the 16-GB version now is priced at $199.99. If you visit those links, you'll also find comparison pricing that puts Amazon and other retailers even lower.
"I experienced a couple of true Paddy's Day on the Emerald Isle. Basically, it went like this. The night before, one went out, got completely rat-arsed, sang a couple of pro-IRA songs at the end of the night, and found one's way home.

On St.Patrick's Day itself, one nursed their hangover, finally getting out of bed around tea-time, then one went out for some more craic, pretty much repeating the antics of the previous night.

The thing was it was just like any leisure-time in Ireland. Nobody gave a jot it was St.Patrick's Day. You don't need to give the Irish an excuse to drink themselves into oblivion.

The only people who give a monkey's about St.Patrick's Day are everybody but the Irish!

"
Annamalai Temple is an living symbol of ancient Tamil architecture. The 11 tiered East Rajagopuram towers to a height of 217 feet, while the fortified walls pierced with 4 tower entrances offer a formidable look to this vast temple complex . The Pei Gopuram, Tirumanjana Gopuram and Ammanaiammal gopuram are the other three. The 1000 pillared hall and the temple tank were built by Krishna Deva Rayarar of Vijayanagar.
i love these vitamins when they were from AARP and I would buy them from walgreen's  
I used Sharp Auto body to repair my car after an accident, and I cannot say enough good things about this business.  Lou Sharp, the owner, was extremely courteous, friendly, and professional, and they did an excellent job on my car.  It looks brand new.  They even have a paint match guarantee, for the life of your car.  The entire staff was friendly, and a perk is the free loaner cars.  I highly recommend them.  
About five years ago I was referred to Dr Richard Reschke for some lower back issues I was having.  He is a naprapathist, which I believe means that he studied the muscular system.  In any case, he is a miracle worker.  He seemed to know exactly how all the muscles interact with each other and how to massage and manipulate them to give me relief and help me develop preventative stretches and exercises.  I absolutely swear by Dr Reschke. 
A number of years ago, I talked some of my friends into participating in an urban adventure race with me. The Denver Oyster is a fantastic event ~ lots of fun, great atmosphere, fantastic camaraderie ~ and I'm excited to be doing it again this year. 
I have had the honor to smell the trash bins first hand. Let me ensure you it is a pleasant way to jumpstart one’s morning. Yes we should all have the great pleasure in taking out our garbage in the morning, like good little tenants trying to stave off small vermin and cockroaches, and get hit with a wall of putrid tang nastiness. Yes we should all have that pleasure. Further, I have previously matched the stench of the rubbish bin's odoriferous emanations to the ones festering behind your own kitchen door. Though I am not a creature with specially-honed olfactory cells, I ensure you that the special brand of stench you create is unmistakable.
After being in Miami for 90+ years Joe's Stone Crab opened its second location here in Chicago.  It has been a favorite for visitors and residents alike ever since. Although it is not the quintessential Chicago Steak House, for my tastes, it is much better.  Their specialty are the stone crabs.  They are fantastic and not readily available elsewhere.  I have had them at least 10 times.  However, recently I have become a big fan of their Alaskan King Crab legs.
This photo was taken in downtown tampa of my buddy tyler and it was my first wireless flash attempt, and so far people on flickr have seem to like with 9 awards lol. This shot is of my buddy tiny, and its also in downtown or near the st pete times forum. its a rail thats fun to hop and do stuff over. i overlaid it with two differant shots but i like it even though his head is cut in the first picture.   
I think the thing that is really interesting about the old radio programs is that you had to use your imagination a lot. You couldn’t see what was happening you could only hear it. I can still visualize Fibber McGee opening his closet door and everything falling out every show, even though I never actually saw it. You had to imagine what they were doing and what was going on. That is something I missed when it came to television and you didn’t have to use your imagination, everything was right there for you. I guess the other ones I liked there were the mysteries like The Shadow, The Whistler, and The Green Hornet. I enjoyed those too.
From the moment I knew of Ben Stein, I knew he had worked for Nixon. I also knew he was relatively moderate when it came to economic policy (in as much as I can say, of course many would say that one can't be moderate if one disagrees with them). He felt that the wealthiest in America were paying a disproportionately lower percentage of their income (including capital gains) in taxes.
i am an introspective, quiet, thoughtful, often lost, sometimes found, conglomeration of people, events, and expectations filled and unfulfilled who meanders around a relatively small portion of this earth bringing what goodness i can to the time i am given. some recognize, accept, and cherish the somewhat insular sometimes bewildered by it all person that i actually am.
After I graduated in Bachelor of Business Administration, I went back Hong Kong and did three months part-time job as a logistic assistant. I did not satisfy with a position of assistant. I would like to make decision judgements and be hold accountability of my action. Here is what they say in America: undergrad only study about theory; a master program study about implementation. Then, I quickly used my connection connect with my old school; they granted me an assistantship soon I've contacted with them.
As a last thing, I was handed late last night the two books of award winners in comics and in prose from the Philippine Graphic/Fiction Awards that Fully Booked and I have been sponsoring for the last 5 years. They are really solid, good-looking books I'm proud to have been a part of helping to bring into existence. They'll be on sale tonight -- but only after the award winners are announced (because the winners are in there and we don't want to give it away).
"Lately, I've been working on a collection of portraits that aim to capture the various personalities that have populated Major League Baseball throughout its history. I'm a diehard Mets fan (no apologies necessary) so the characters of the '86 Mets were an obvious jump-off point for me.

"
"A while back, I wrote a post that described how trading dreams come true. Since that time, I've seen many traders fall short of their goals, and I've seen a good number find success. 
An unusual number of those that succeed do so in part because they find opportunities for mentorship. I'm not talking about the seminars, classes, and other events that offer ""education"" for traders. Rather, I'm describing a professional relationship in which a more senior trader models proper trading for a junior trader; offers timely feedback to the junior trader; and helps the junior trader structure his or her learning process."
Super Mario Bros (the original Nintendo version) was the first game I can remember playing to the point of ridiculousness, and is an instant classic.  Super Mario Bros. 3 was my absolute favorite game for that console.  Alas, I didnt' get a super nintendo, so here we are over 10 years later to teh New Super Mario Bros. game for the Nintendo Wii.  WHAT A GAME!  The 4-player co-op can get confusing and messy, but that's what the Wii system is all about: managing multiple players and making video games an interactive experience
I graduated Culinary Arts school in to years  and started to working at a steak house. I have also worked hotels I like hotels because I can work banquets, sautéing, broiler cooking and baking. I worked Executive Chef, Working Chef, Sous Chef, Banquet Chef and Line Cook. I have worked in a lot of Restaurants and the Arrowhead Country Club.
Lately, I've been working on a collection of portraits that aim to capture the various personalities that have populated Major League Baseball throughout its history. I'm a diehard Mets fan (no apologies necessary) so the characters of the '86 Mets were an obvious jump-off point for me.
When the PS3 was first released, I got my hands on an 80G unit as soon as I could.  Needless to say I was blown away.  Not only were the games already available for the PS3 phenomenal, my old PS2 games also looked much better and played much faster.  Include the fact that the console also serves as an adequate Blu-Ray player, and I was in seventh heaven.
Only you know how you feel about the cost of your car insurance coverage. Are you paying too much? Do you feel that you are getting a great deal? If you are interested in saving money, it is very important that you begin your search for low cost car insurance coverage. Believe it or not, there are many ways to save money on your policy. As your premium gets lower and lower you are bound to realize that you are on the right path.
There's something about inhaling that fresh morning air. It's soothing and it heals. I feel like I'm taking in optimism and recharging the little batteries that keep me going through the drudge of the week. It's nice. 
"Whats going on fellas! 
We now have ourselves our very own Blog Site, for the Book Club. This will be our meeting place for our weekly discussions on the book we are currently reading. I have created accounts for each of the members of our club to be able to post to this site.
Its official, we have have a Forum to express our opinion's and ideas.  "
"Do you think she's lonely?" came the question regarding this old care-taker; and it was startling to think that such a person of joy could even think to be lonely at such a place near the beach.  Yet, there was something different about Marta; she sat in her chair outside the screen door while her cat Princess slowly shuffled her tail back and fourth.  I quickly learned that this woman would be someone who changed my perspective on dreams.  We sat with her, the morning after, while she recounted her story through the decades, through hardships, struggles, sickness and travel and I was startled to hear this Argentine woman declare that she has adopted Venezuela as her new home and her new heritage.
"This event is called a 'race'. I have no illusions of winning anything besides maybe something in the drawing ... something that has nothing to do with skill or speed. But every event like this that I participate in ~ urban adventure races, triathlons, running races ~ I refer to as a race. It's not like I have the skill or youth or lifestyle to be able to have a chance of winning, so is it appropriate to call it a race? I think so, because it gives me a chance, every time I go out there, to challenge myself and to do better than I was able to do before. I'm racing less against the other competitors, and more against myself.

Of course this isn't a new concept ~ most personal trainers who work with ordinary people will say the same thing.

This adventure race, though, is going to force me to actually get back in shape. It's a team event, and I don't want to be the slow guy on the team (especially since I'll already be the old guy on the team). Plus, as I have discovered over a few years of doing triathlons, that the race is a lot more fun if the whole thing isn't a suffer-fest. "
I am an almost-life-long Montanan; a baptized Catholic; an ardent Atheist; a practicing Buddhist; a lover of Wisdom. I find solitude to be as essential as air, though I am at times gregarious, and very often joyful, alone and with others. I laugh at my own jokes, love learning, and love those who truly love.... anything. I have certainty in little, and little time for those who are certain of much, though admire those whose certainty leads to service of humankind. I have a BA and almost an MA in (Western) Philosophy, an MA in Buddhist Studies, and am working on a Ph.D. in Buddhist Ethics at the U of London.
"The majority of the work on my blog has been digital stuff. From here on out, no more photoshop posts. All traditional, I want to test myself if I can commit.

"
For a consumer who needs 8mm/Hi8/digial 8 functionality, the TRV460 is an obvious choice. But for the consumer who is looking to venture into the MiniDV format (overall smaller camcorder/tape size), the GR-D33 might be a good stepping stone camcorder. The GR-D33 promises to have good video and low light performance, so the slight upgrade investment may be worth it. Making the transition has its pros and cons, the pros being, if you own an older Digital8 camcorder with a DV in/out port, you have the option of digitally copying your older tapes to the newer format. 
We are currently in Year C of the Lectionary but parishes preparing for baptisms at the Easter Vigil have the option of using the readings for Year A for several weeks, including March 21. This is because the Year A readings are especially suited to the Rites of Christian Initiation. So, parishes using Year C readings will find the texts and commentary here while parishes using Year A readings will find their texts and commentary here. Bringing children to Mass with you this weekend? Hints for helping youngsters prepare to hear the Word can be found here (sorry - Year C lections, only).
I have just always been a Chevy or Gm kind of guy. The worst thing I ever did was trade in the 72 Cutless Supreme, SWEET!  
"I honestly wish I could stop listening to Shakira's new song She Wolf.  No, I'm not proud.  Yes, I will keep listening anyway.

In other news, I discovered that I've managed to go over my 1500 out-of-network texts this month... by $50 worth... and the month isn't over yet.  Hmmm.

Breakfast in the AM with my Calc teacher from high school :) :) :) followed by cleaning out my closet for my mom :( :( :( then Salisbury with Matt and Caroline :) and bonfire at Katie's!! :)"
"Failed Communities, Failed Schools.                                                                                        I suppose we should be pleased that Pres. Obama found some sort of mojo somewhere (maybe Hillary told him where to look). Of course, as we might have expected from him and his ofay administration, he selected one of the weakest groups to target—teachers and schools. I’d really love to hear him threaten Congress and their handmaiden lobbyists with such gusto.

He got all pumped for his appearance at the US Chamber of Commerce, a group that thrives on bluster. He cited the wisdom of the Central Falls Board of Education (RI) for their firing of the entire high school faculty and staff. He framed his praise thus: “Our kids get only one chance at an education, and we need to get it right.” I guess the assumption is that everyone knows what “right” is. He had Colin “You break it, you own it” Powell by his side. And then there was Obama’s more characteristic mealy-mouthed assertion, “If a school continues to fail its students year after year after year, if it doesn’t show some signs of improvement, then there’s got to be a sense of accountability.” Well, yes, I’d say firing a whole faculty shows a sense, but not of accountability. No, the sense of accountability goes way beyond the faculty and even beyond the administration.

"
"So it's a fantastic day outside. A balmy 42 degrees (47 tomorrow!), the sun is shining down its rejuvenating brilliance and I couldn't be more pleased about it. It's nice to just stand in the sunlight, close your eyes and tilt your head back a little. It feels like I imagine a hug from god would feel.
Still, I can't stay outside all day; the dishes won't do themselves after all. There are chores to be done and fantasy hockey teams to prep once again now that the Olympics are done. 
I can't help but to look at the news before going to my fantasy teams because I still feel it important to know what is going down on my planet even though the tao teaches mindlessness over mindfulness. Or as the ape savior Jesus teaches: do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them.
Good stuff. 
But I do worry. Not so much about me but about all the rest of you humans out there. Can't help it. Every human alive should have the same right to be left alone that I used to have back when America was still a free country. But around the world disasters strike, American troops are shooting the hell out of some Afghanis and China is playing a game of chess with the entire planet. Checkmate will come when our nation yields world supremacy to them. Well, unless we Americans nuke the crap out of the planet. Then it's Kobayashi Maru.
I get mad about this because it didn't have to be this way, but greedy men with dreams of riches and lust for power brought have brought this nation to it. Both sides are to blame but since 1968 American policy has almost been entirely driven by the Republican party.
Nowadays those failed policies still haunt and reverberate through the highest levels. The current President still follows them. Bill Clinton followed them for the most part. Jimmy Carter never had an option but to follow them.
"
They’re re-building Banbury Cross or at least one of them, there are supposed to have been six original crosses dotted about the town. These were vabdalised by Cromwell's troops during the English civil war as part of their purging of Catholic monuments throughout England and later Wales, Cornwall, Scotland and of course Ireland. There is already a Victorian cross that stands in the middle of a busy roundabout which no one can get near to but this new one, by all appearances will be a monstrosity made from modern materials. At a time when money is short for frivalries I can understand why the council has opted not to have the cross built using more traditional techniques, but I am deeply resentful that this money has not gone to providing affordable council housing instead of the local housing lotery that they farcicly use in place of providing taxpayers with their deserved security.
"So thank God I'm still in training cause I was scheduled for a shift from 12PM-11PM today and I would've missed three of my four classes. O_O I left Psychology at 6:40PM and drove to work. I had the same trainer tonight as I did the first day (Katherine), but today we followed a different doctor.

As soon as walk through those double doors, we go to an exam room where a middle-aged man is complaining about an abscess on his butt. Needless to say, he removes his pants and there it was. Not only is there an abscess, but there a massive amount of scar tissue from previous incidents. I guess they didn't go as well. Yikes. It was like the cheeks were abused with a meat tenderizer or something. It was graphic and yet that's not the worst part. The doctor unpacked a bandage from the abscess and pulled out a gauze plug the length of, let's say...a foot long. I was like, ""Oh, wow. That's impressive."" The doctor replies, ""Oh, this is shorter than most packs."" Just imagine the long bloody, pus-lined gauze strip coming out of an abscess on the butt-cheek. Yep, that's a keeper. Then, he proceeds to drain the pus out of it. Mmm...just dandy. :-D

Let's move on to a lighter note, shall we? There was a 5-yr. old that came in because he has a ""big boo-boo on da fingor"" as he had put it. Lol. I love kids. It was actually an infected area where he had gotten a finger prick a couple days before. A red blister had swollen up and collected some pus at the head. Your body loooves to produce pus when an infection occurs. It's just its way of saying, ""Here's a lovely reminder that this needs to get checked out."" :-D Anyway, the doctor orders a drainage to be done and we retrieve some supplies to do that. We also get another assistant to come in and help restrain the child as we do the procedure. You know kids, screaming and kicking and such. Funny thing is, the whole thing is going absolutely fine when the kid's finger is being washed and numbed. It's only when he sees the doctor pull out the needle to prick the head of the abscess in which the kid proceeds to scream at the top of his fucking lungs. Literally, the puncture takes a fraction of a second and the doctor tells him he's done. Tears were streaming down his face and he immediately shuts up. We give him some Neosporin on the finger and a band-aid and a freakin' cherry popsicle. Yes, a cherry popsicle.

So that was my second night on the job, albeit I was really only there for half the shift. Lol. Only two days have gone by and I've seen the craziest things and they're only to get crazier. Stay tuned, readers of interest. :-D "
"In my job, I get to take most of the winter off.  In Austin, that means perhaps two months when nothing is growing or falling.  Now it's spring and I am having a hard time getting back into it.  I don't want to work anymore.  I want to do what I love instead.
What is work anyway?  To me it's doing something for money you wouldn't otherwise be doing.  I don't believe in that either, Alex.  I think everyone should be paid to do what they most love doing.  You can't buy enthusiasm.

So I am looking to make a change.  I talked to a good friend who said the first thing I should do is print up business cards with just my name and contact information, but without saying what it is I do.

Like, ""Robert Adams.  I don't believe in work.""
Well maybe not, even if it worked for Alex.
"
"I want to thank you god for everything I have, I know I'm not a rich man, but I'm not poor either. There’s others who are worse of than I.I know when my time comes to leave this world, I hope I can lay not in a hospital bed but in my own, I won't lay in sadness or fear, nor hate as I made peace with those who speak out against me. When I grow old and time stands at a halt for those few seconds. I will take my last breaths and sing my death song and prepare for a better world. As my spirit leaves my fragile body I know you will guide me to a place where I will lay in peace.

But I know I have a purpose on earth and a given time to do good things for those who need me. I'm not sad nor depress. I surrender myself to you lord and ready to fight the good fight and help those who walk into my life. I know I'm your lonely man lord no matter where I go I'm alone on this earth. But Lord you made me your patient man and I will stand the test of time to do what's right and to be good to others who need me. All I ask is a little time to have in this world and to be the man that I was meant to be. That’s all I want in life, that’s all I ask for.
"
I'm getting older every day and I am trying to photograph as many of those days as possible. I am Husband to 1, Daddyo to 5, Grand(Poppy) to another 5 (so far). I use Nikon Cameras and Lenses ... but I really believe that anyone can be a great photographer with ANY kind of camera. Photography has been great therapy for me throughout my life. It has allowed me to get away on my own and with close friends to see the wonders of creation. I am trying to record something in photography that will live longer than myself. I think it would be really fantastic if my great-great grand-children could see the photos I capture and in effect "see through my eyes" but for a moment. Thank you so much for your kind words of support and encouragement. I hope you enjoy what you see and are challenged in new ways to improve your own skills. All of your photos help me learn and improve in that same way. God bless you all. NikonSniper Steve
Kristen called me with a aditude and said she was coming over and ppicking up her things. She came over and was very aggressive with me over petty things and she took her cloths. After she had things packed up she reminded me how empty my house will look like when she takes all the furniture away too. I just looked at her and said its ok they are just objects Kristen we need to focus on Aleya more then anything. She then told me that her mom was heading out of town all next week and if I wanted time with Aleya I could watch her all that week. I was very happy about that.
"It's kind of funny how everything in life can alter itself so instantaneously. I've felt so beat-down and broken for the past few days that it's not even funny; and seriously, I don't even care anymore. Everything that has happened to me recently and everything that will continue to happen to me as a repercussion of those recent events, I will endure and overcome. I believe that it's all happened for a reason. I'm stronger and smarter than half of the stupid fucks that surround me and I'm done dealing with their shit. I think the outcome of all of this will prove to be advantageous as long as I look at everything in the right state of mind, stray from the negative, and do things to better myself rather than give two shits for other people. I just can't believe that it's taken me since July to realize it.

I no longer need to engross my mind with senseless bullshit brought on by other people. I don't want or need a friend that's going to be over-dramatic and have a blood and thunder attitude all the time. Especially if all she/he does is try to make me feel jealousy, tries to make me feel like I'm worthless, and tries to make me experience guilt for things that aren't of my own doing –or even issues with any sort of validity for that matter! I don't need to feel detestable because people don't feel the same way about me anymore, whether it be a girlfriend, friend or an acquaintance. Are you done with me? Have you had enough yet? Perfect then! I'm fucking finished with you and I realize now that I have been for a while! It's time for me to move on. I feel like I need change again. I can't handle this cut of situations by the same means and methodology that I used to deal with them –depression, hostility, frustration, violence, rage… It gets really old really fucking fast. I'm done with the conflict. I'm done with the brawling. I'm done with holding myself down with everybody else's problems. Count me the fuck out. It's time I live my life for myself and for nobody else.
"
"I'm getting carried away. That last drawing session last two songs. I'm frustrated with this wireless internet connection, and this coffee is terrible. I desperately need to get this presentation organized.
One article down. Check out this drawing.

Nearly 9 o'clock. I'm getting cold.
Creeping on Cougars

Let's cool down this laptop..
Posted by August at 10:20 PM 0 comments
Tomorrow Already
These are the last two pictures I wanted to include in yesterday's post.
It's 3am now, and I'm 40 pages away from the finish line in my text book. So much for trimming :./
I guess I'm pretty well finished with the text book. I'm going to set up a score in Sibelius now. I should reviewn the post hoc tests and then jot down all of the formulas I'll be using on the exam: repated measures t-test, independent measures ANOVA, and repeated measures ANOVA. The last two sections covered interactions between factors in factorial ANOVAS. I have a general idea of what the Tukey's HSD post hoc test is about, there was another post hoc test called Schaffe that was in the text but I'm not sure we covered it in class, and the LSD, which we covered in class but isn't in the book. I don't remember anything about that one.

What it all boils down to is ratios. Comparing datum grouped by factors, looking for systematic difference, reducing error caused by random variance. That's pretty well the short and long of it. Stats is kinda neat. It's 4am now."
"TODAY is a good day now. Woke up to a dream screaming two days ago someone close to me said I was yelling like I was being ambushed and attacked. I can’t remember the dream at the time like everyone else that talks in their sleep once in awhile. But hours passed as I awoke from that hell and now days passed and now I feel that that was my own soul breaking back out, breaking outa the darkness and understanding what life is really about...If we live in the past all we do in the end is waist time and never move forward. If we focus on waiting for the other to feel that pain you yourself felt, you never feel life again. If you focus on your wants and needs too much, in the end you never get anything but broken dreams and wasted time. If you get blinded by what you lost you will never regain who you really are. We are all human, we need love and when love fails we NEED to Find it or else be by our selves having no one to be there when we feel lonely if ever again.

As I break outa my darkness, I know NOW that other person is breaking back down into theirs, as they fall deeper and deeper into what they did to get a small tad of right(the wrong way) they will discover soon that they just outweighed it with wrong. I know now I don’t have to cause that persion pain to get myself a good feeling, in the end I would be no better then them. In the end let them do it to themselves and hope that they don’t do anything stupid like they told you yourself to do on their last days in your heart. I now feel sadness for that persion, they will never have the life I will, they will always have to work hard to maintain what they did was right, we all know that a LIER cant maintain a truth if there is no truth in what they did....

My life is getting better, my life is working out. I have my real family and I have people that care as well. Living with someone for 8 years and never feeling the feeling I now feel without them has opened my eyes and opened my heart to just let it all fade

If any one reads this, I hope you learn from it

thank you for your time
Der Vater von Aleya
"
"Hello and sorry for the lateness it has been a busy weekend for me. Dealing with school, life, and my personal worries.(not having a boyfriend, the people around me hating me, and the general OMG IM GONNA DIE!!!!)

This last week has been very annoying, as I was in a stupor of slight depression all week due to a couple of incidents that really made me mad/upset. I won't go into details, but suffice it to say it involved homophobic remarks and a huge idiot who thinks himself very important. After discussing it with my mom(I know pathetic but it helped me feel better), I started thinking about why attitudes like that still persist in our schools. at first my anger wouldn’t let me think anything accept ""stupid bloody fucking town!"". However, after a while it came to me, education, or lack thereof.

All through history, prejudices have persisted through lack of information about the prejudiced group, thing, or person. It is the same with the ideas and prejudices about homosexuals, in my opinion it is all thanks to religion and I don’t just mean Christians, Catholics, and any other church based on those churches. I mean other religions like the ones that are practised in the Middle East. most factions of these religions are the ones responsible for the bad attitudes. How does this relate to my whole epiphany i talked about? well in my opinion these religions didn't base their opinions and attitudes on fact but on ideas that came from their bible or god. They didn't take time to realize that were not horrible sinning freaks, they got this idea of us in their heads and refused to see that they may have been wrong.

"
"Your probably going to read this someday, if not sooner or later, probably sooner then I realize. I did what I had to do the way I thought it be proper anyhow. I’m sorry if you don’t approve of the decision I made. Here’s why I chose to say no more to our friendship. 


 You need to consider yourself a very lucky woman. You have a house, a nice car, and a good job so you would think things would be okay here. I’m not saying everything (or everyone) is perfect. But here’s my conflict with you and our friendship. Your husband feels as if though he is between a rock and a hard case with the marriage you two are binded in. He has taken it upon himself to contact most of the people you talk to to find out about Ricardo. Now something is very wrong with your marriage if he feels threatened enough to contact EVERYONE (this includes me) to tell Ricardo to stop talking to you. Something had to have been going on somewhere to make him feel this way. I know this from experience. I’m not saying you are cheating on him. Maybe you are, and if you are you need to either divorce him. Or you need to make the marriage you have right now work. Do you have any idea how lucky you are? Do you have any idea How much your husband loves you? I’m starting to understand why he is so far from you. I don’t think it’s all him anymore. Maybe it was in the beginning. But not anymore. 


 All I know is I’m not going to be an instigator into making him (or anyone else for that matter) feel bad. I know what my heart tells me about the situation. If you have guy friends, they need to remain your friends and nothing more! I have taken it upon myself to end the friendship so that way you and your husband can make things work out. I’m one less person he will have to worry about and that’s okay. He is supposed to come first in your life. You two are not boyfriend and girlfriend. This isn’t the situation in which you two need to put your friends first. You two swore at the alter to be there for each other through everything and anything. I think news the time to do just that. You can call me self-righteous and immoral. But if you do so you are only speaking of yourself as well. 

 This is what all your friends (whom re doing wrong with you) need to do if they care about the life you lead....
"
"Ive been clean from the filth of world and fallen in the grace of God and so far shit has worked out better then I ever thought they will, now it's time to fix me! today I thought bout my environment and some people are like ""lmao Noel you stupid..... Not dumb stupid but funny stupid"" and then there's others that are like ""you fucking idiot stop fucking up"" lmao and I began to think and I was like hey why is person number too saying that ...... I FIGURED OUT WHY!! Lol because ......... ""hey fuck face ...... Maybe if I enjoyed being as miserable as you are with what's happening then maybe I would actually want to try harder"".

Now world I don't want you to think it's directed at a particular person or place but this is something that happens everyday no matter where Iam so it has nothing to do with anyone it's just a general comment to show that Iam much different then the rest in the sense that my life is directed towards one goal, it's a goal I have to meet and anything that comes in between is just temporary, again what that means is that my road to changing the world with film has just began and there's a high possibility that I may step on a few toes along the way. People that know me know that I don't care much towards athority which means I need to be my own boss OR get paid wayyyyyy more. Lol anyways look make your dreams come true and know we are all human and make mistakes, fuck where you are now, you need to get to where you want to be.
If that means taking a big pay decrease to make it happen then fuck it, if you ment to make it in what you want then you will. God has a fantastic plan for all of us, I know he's opened my eyes to make me see how possible it is now can you do the same?"
"I know there are some who think Jamie Oliver is a bit over the edge when it comes to his crusade re: obesity. 

I also know that there are those who have both good and not so good things to say about the TED Awards, speeches, etc. 

Indeed if you are one of the thousands (millions?) of Tech Crunch followers you probably saw the back and forth over the speech given by shock stand-up comedienne Sarah Silverman.

Be all that as it may, I came upon Jamie Oliver's speech because someone posted it on Twitter and thought it was something people should check out, so I did. I would give her credit here as well, but I have since lost the message.

Anyway, the reason I make reference to it here is twofold:

1. I have a lot of respect for what Oliver is trying to do and the commitment he demonstrates in trying to fight for change that he feels is critical on all sorts of levels.

With his background, and success, he could be spending his time and energy on lots of other stuff. He has chosen not to.

2. I also think that if you take the 18 or so minutes to hear what he has to say that as a result you will come away with some of the same feelings I have expressed above, and as a business leader, admire the passion he brings to those he hopes to influence to act.

After all, that's one of the key things leaders hope to do. Inspire people to follow. Oliver has his way of trying to achieve that, and each of us has ours. 

Just watching him in action helped to renew my energy; something we all need from time to time. 

No matter what needs renewing in your life, maybe Jamie's passion will help do that for you as well.
"
"After a great weekend spent with old high school friends and our return to church Sunday it definitely made today very depressing. No matter how old I get I always keep wishing the weekends will never end. Maybe it was the perfect family day we all shared yesterday planting our spring flowers ending that got me in this funk. Or maybe being unemployed now for 2 and half months is really starting to take its toll on me. However I still applied for a position with USPS this morning but who knows where that will go. I was also thinking about going back to school but still undecided. So basically my day consisted of spacing out and not really spending anytime with Alora. That will be different tomorrow I promise. I was so out of it I didn't even workout today, that really screws up my weekly schedule trust me.
Holly arrived home around 3pm and was obviously in a funk like me because we butted heads almost immediately. She ended up going to the store to cool off while I took my cellphone apart. Stupid fight really so making up when she returned was easy. I ended up firing up the BBQ and cooked us a really good dinner. The family's sleeping already as I write this and I'm finishing up the Lakers game. So I guess today didn't turn out to bad now that I think of it. Should get up early tomorrow and head over to the Vitamin Shoppe for some needed supplements. Maybe I will make it up to Alora and take the dog and her to the park. Lakers win! "
"OK.. I have had enough of typing the answer to the gay or straight question. 

When I'm asked this every day, maybe 10 times per day.

The answer is......................  I am LOVE!!!  

I love all beings. I do not mean Bi sexual either. My sexual preference is Women.

BI Loving: The evolved being, capable of loving, caring and hugging for all humans.

In this day and age, if you are still Homophobic, you are way behind in evolution.

The Gay culture runs the world. They run fashion, entertainment and many of the top businesses, which make the world turn.  Ask somebody...

I go out The Gay clubs every now and then because the energy of the music and the people is very Happy, very pleasant. I love Gay people.   

Some of my closest and best friends are Gay and lesbian and I value them dearly (Sara Halford and Rico Hernandez). They are My Family practically.

So when I'm asked, If I'm straight or gay, I will refer all to this blog, to fully explain why I don't wish to be in the ignorant, straight, category. But then I'm not Gay either.

Like I said..... I AM LOVE

I choose to love all human beings under God and hang out and work in Happy loving environments. Partying at the gay club is fun. The music is great. The girls come in and feel free to dance without being harassed.

And a friendly note, to all those who are Homophobic..... I bet all the clothes you have in your Closet, were designed and made by a Gay man... think about it. Don’t bite the hand that clothes you.... 
"
"Anyway no, I'm not considering a career in acting or any of the above. I was pondering princess for a while, but I worry that the idea might cast aspersions on my sexuality if nothing else, along with all the responsibility etc. Too much hassle.

No, I've found myself actually enjoying a piece of coursework me and a coursemate of mine have been working on for the last term. It's a Flash application; a website designed for promoting a game, which is in our case, fictional. I've gotten really into it, so much so that all my other projects have been on the backburner while I focus on this one. A dangerous thing to happen, but I really can't help it. I've spent the last 2-3 weeks designing menus, buttons, banners, flashy images, messing around with animation, really keen to get our site looking great and exciting to toy with. Everything makes a fun little sound when clicked, explosions fly on-screen to background music, I love it. And it's becoming more second-nature how do do things with Flash too the further we progress.
"
"Cell phones have allowed us a tremendous amount of freedom. We can talk to our friends wherever we may be, make dinner plans, chat with our relatives, and yell at our cable provider from any place in the world. They have freed us from the bondage of land lines and the tyranny of the corded telephone. But there is something cell phones have not been able to free us from.

And that is the wrong number phone call.

I got my first cell phone in college. I was actually studying in Italy and it was more for emergency purposes than anything else. Nobody except a couple of friends back home and my parents knew I had one. I didn’t really get many wrong numbers. And if I did, they were in Italian and I couldn’t understand them anyway.

When I got back to the states I got my first brand spanking new cell American cell phone with what I thought was a pretty random Arizona cell phone number. Little did I know that number was 1 digit off from the Sunburst Resort.


People would call me and the conversation would go like this.

Hello?
Hi I’d like to make a reservation.
What?
I’d like to make a reservation for the 26 through the 30th of next month.
Um…. What?
Is this the Sunburst resort?
Oh. No.

"
"I cannot believe that this weather is so stable at this time of the year.  It never even reached freezing last night.  The furnace is still going strong on the same load and this is day 3 since I loaded it.  It looks like the driveway is thawed out and dry already and this is only the middle of March.  If this keeps up the deer will be out of the yards and will start heading North where they will be sitting ducks for the first blizzard of the year.  You can bet that we still have another month of Winter coming and it is way too early to start spring chores.  This is not good news, it just portends a long and bad fire season.  

The boss is off to Minnesota for a couple of days to take her niece to school and will probably do a little shopping in the Mall of America with her Sister-in-Law Becky.  I will be on my own with just the dogs for company.  This is an opportunity for me to get started on some outside chores if I can get the body in gear after sitting on my rear end for the last couple of months.  I can almost walk on bare ground all of the way out to the apple trees and now is the time to do some pruning before they start growing again.  I should get a fresh can of pruning paint as I don't remember if I used all of what I had or not.  I think I will also put in some fertilizer stakes to encourage new growth instead of more apples.

I really want to change out the blower for the front loader just to force Mother Nature to dump more snow on us but then I would have to pay someone else to put the blower back on as that requires too much lifting for me to handle.  Without the loader I can't really do much cleanup from the winter as there is going to be a lot of lifting involved and I need to empty the trailer of the sugar beets before they start to ferment.  There are enough of them left over this year that the deer are going to have a real hangover if they try to pig out on them.  I just have to make sure that I get them far enough away from the house that the Brown dog will leave them alone.  I don't know what she would be like if she got into a bunch of fermented beets and I don't want to know either.  Just the thought of her drunk on beets is enough to give me a headache.

I guess that I had better make myself a list of what I want to accomplish this summer, although I know that is just a dream, I can at least pretend to be productive.  First I have to allow time to watch the sun come up while enjoy a hot cup of coffee on the swing.  Later
"
"I was excited to discover this upcoming book today!  Here's the description from the publisher, and you can find a few more details there at:    

University of North Texas Press

The subantarctic forests of South America are the world’s southernmost forested ecosystems. The birds have sung in these austral forests for millions of years; the Yahgan and Mapuche peoples have handed down their bird stories from generation to generation for hundreds of years.

In Multi-ethnic Bird Guide of the Subantarctic Forests of South America, Ricardo Rozzi and his collaborators present a unique combination of bird guide and cultural ethnography. The book includes entries on fifty bird species of southern Chile and Argentina, among them the Magellanic Woodpecker, Rufous-Legged Owl, Ringed Kingfisher, Buff-Necked Ibis, Giant Hummingbird, and Andean Condor. Each bird is named in Yahgan, Mapudungun, Spanish, English, and scientific nomenclature, followed by a description, full color photographs, the bird’s distribution map, habitat and lifestyle, and its history in the region.

Each entry is augmented further with indigenous accounts of the bird in history and folklore. Two audio CDs (included) orient the reader with the birdcalls and their names in four languages, followed by numerous narratives of Yahgan and Mapuche stories about the birds translated directly from interviews with elders of both
"
"Hello. I wanted to poke my head in and say thanks.  I've been thrilled, touched and energized by the comments and all the cool people following the blog.  I'm a writer who was using podcasting ( RoneyZone Radio ( http://rzr.roneyzone.com )) to get my message out, but I missed out on so much by not blogging here. I'm so happy to be here amongst all you great people.

I am here to stay, and I promise that this blog will be funny, touching and a teeny bit geeky, but all good. I have big plans for this blog, so I would ask that you would tell your friends about it, and stick with it as it grows.

More fun and great stuff to come. I will be spotlighting great people (including my wife, ya'll), and maybe even a little geeky stuff. I want this blog to be something special, so here we go. :)"
"During the span of the last two days, I met with over 200 companies, and most of them said they had a really great show. After attending the furniture show two weeks ago, and this fashion show this week, I can't help but get the sense that business conditions are slowly but steadily improving. There were a lot of smiling company owners at both shows. Things are look'n up!

Unfortunately, covering so much ground, and talking with so many companies, my camera didn't come out of my pocket nearly enough. However, this next photo just had to be taken...
"
Everyone who actually goes to the shows for the music anymore is close to being as bad as the scientists because everyone is either a 'mosher' or a 'dancer'(HxC dancing, I.E. throwing down) If your a mosher, everyone outside the said group is a faggot or a pussy and hear such things as 'You don't f***ing know real music!!' and 'Quit dancing like a fairy and push someone, pussy!' And the same can be said for the dancers: 'You have no idea what the meaning behind hardcore is!' and 'you dumb mosher fags, you look so stupid!'
"for all you girls out there who say the men are the worst part of your relationships, that men are dogs.... screw you too.  i'm living proof that no matter how nice or how mean you are to a woman they will always find a way to make you feel like a second rate citizen.  The women in today's society are the real problem, they're only out to satisfy their vagina and they've had people like Oprah, Ellen, Rosie and a host of other single name powerful females tell them it's okay to do so.  It seems that as soon as a man cheats on a woman he's an asshole, but if a woman cheats on a man she's Liberated and Free.    Fuck That.

 if i cheat on a woman it's because the current one i've got is useless in the sack.  If i cheat on her, she's not staying around much longer.  IF a woman cheats on me, it's because i'm an emotional brick and wont talk to her, she'll keep that going as long as she can, get the emotional connect from some tiny dicked tad pole and come home to get fucked silly. Women of this generation are too empowered, or so they think, and they have no idea what to do with all this perceived power.  "
"So I think I may have finally decided what I'd like to actually do for a living in the now-not-so-distant-future.

I've never really known, as other people seem to. I mean everyone as a kid dreams of being say, a football player, a racing driver, an astronaut, a princess(?) or a ludicrously good-looking actor/famous guy. I'd only be qualified for the last one really. But then I'm not so great at acting, as a recent 'great idea' for a personal media project has proven.

But those things are just silly kid things, no-one in their right mind ever believes that such ideas will ever actually come to fruition, right? I certainly never did anyway. In fact I'd never really even given thought to what I'd be doing when I was older, I was always content to get the heck on with my English homework.Those kinds of careers you kind of have to be born into, or get into by sheer accident. Malcolm Gladwell might disagree with his success = sheer dint of hard work and effort theory, but at the end of the day that's going to be the case 95% of the time."
"You never know the person that you see on the street.
You never know the person that is behind or before you in the line at the grocery store.
You never know what the person has gone through, or what they're going through right now.

Sometimes You never even know what's going on in your life.

I'm taking steps.  The steps maybe small, but eventually they will get me a heckuva lot further then I am now.  
I'm taking steps.  I never want to feel ""comfortable"" where I am, for if I were that way, I would not be in the Geographical State that I'm in.
I'm taking steps.  To reach out and meet new people.

Sometimes You never even know where your life would be if you didn't take that extra step.

So take a step, and see what happens!  (I dare ya!)
"
"so i havent posted anything in a couple of days, not because i've been too busy or too pre-occupied, but  because there's been nothing worth commenting on lately.  the last few days have been very run of the mill and i guess that's a good thing. No emotional ups or downs, nothing stupid at work, nothing crazy at home.  My little minions at work are doing what their told, my big house is empty now, and the emptiness brings quiet, i like the quiet.
 i've got a million stories to tell, stories of painting bridges for tuition money, tales of tragic environmental pollution caused at the hands of yours truly. One day i'll tel you about the time i beat the shit out of the guy who was fucking my fiance, he was still in my house AND naked, that's one for the ages. there are the nights on the road playing in night clubs smaller than my living room, then fucking every vag in the place. There are days that bring the evil stench of the bottom feeders of society to the surface just for a glimpse of what ""real life"" is like only to push them back to the recesses of society's mind hoping to forget about them.
 yeah i've taken some writers liberties with some of my stories already, that's what i do, i'm a self centered ego star, I feel i am larger than life, so i make my stories larger than life!  as you read these, remember that i will probably not go down in history as the greatest storyteller in history, but i will go down on your little sister, and probably your wife. Look out guys, i'm cumming on what's yours. "
"Well it's that time again!  Time for me to come up with another excuse as to why I have nothing to show you all.
This week, it is simply that I have been too busy with work (as in trying to make money while unemployed), and research.  The research here is actually more important than that of simply drawing and animating, which is why I have not finished anything this week.  I have paid the DAVE school (that's ""Digital Animation & Visual Effects School"" for those who haven't heard) down in Orlando Florida, a little visit.
Upon checking into our hotel room, we called one of the DAVE school representatives, who happens to also be a 3rd block student, I'll go into blocks a little more later.  He was kind enough to pick us up, drive us around town a little, give us a tour of the school, and answer some of our questions.
DAVE school is located on the back side of Universal Studios Orlando, on the premises.  It is not inside the gate to the back of the park, but it is on their back lot.  While they are on Universal's property, they are not owned by Universal but have a good relationship with them.  Students get employee-like passes to let them into the back side of the park, where they can go on rides, enjoy the shows, or even eat in the staff cafeteria, which I am told has VERY reasonable prices.  Fun aside, the school is currently in a sound stage which they converted for teaching classes.  Despite this, it is decently equipped, with a mocap (motion capture) studio, green screen, small theater, and dozens of work stations.  The front room is the entry where their receptionist can help with anything you need.  Next to this is the guest lounge, where they show off all the movies, posters, toys, et al that they have made.  They also have an impressive collection of student awards on display.
"
"In a way, this line-up parallels the one in that featured Shannon, Ana-Lucia, and Libby. Both Shannon and Nikki were self-motivated sexpots whose deaths were probably not widely grieved by viewers. Both Libby and Charlotte were brainy but mysterious women whose sudden deaths gave reason for their dorky male admirers to grieve. And both Ana-Lucia and Ilana are hard-hitting women who use violence to enforce their authority. Seeing as how Ilana is the only one on the list still breathing, she’s not exactly in the best of company. Let’s hope she fares better than her season two analogue.
"
"Hi this is Fred.
Hi can I have towels please?
What?
Can you transfer me to towels please?
You have the wrong number.
This isn’t Bed Bath and Beyond?
No you idiot face, I’m playing a prank on you. You know us folk in the bedding department, always screwing with the guys in towels. What the hell do you think?!
Did they think my dad misheard them?
Oh TOWELS. I thought you said trowels, and I was thinking to myself, man, we don’t sell any shovels.
You’d think the wrong number would result in more hilarity and less anger and frustration. People always end the calls so abruptly. As though I am going to keep them on the phone just to make fun of them.
Like my friend Julie who got a call from some guy freshman year looking to rectify problems with his girlfriend. Julie was not his girlfriend but after hanging up and trying to call his actual girlfriend only to get her voicemail, he called Julie back to ask for his advice.
Perhaps he was a womanizer of wrong misdials; perhaps he liked the sound of her voice. We all found it quite strange that he called her back for relationship advice. Perhaps he didn’t have any friends of his own. Maybe he really needed a (very) impartial third party to help solve his problem. Maybe he was really in a bind.
This must have been the thing because he called her back a third time to ask some follow up questions. And Julie, bless her heart, stayed on to chat with him to humor him and engage in a story. She really commits to the fun. And it was her thought process that I channeled recently when I had a similar scenario pop up in my own life.

"
"And not just for porn! Somehow I've either got a nasty, nasty infection or a hellacious mold allergy. Either one is possible. I woke up this morning feeling like death warmed over. No alarm - just a vast vat of uck to bring me to.

I have classes to teach. Ugh.

Blackboard to the rescue! Thanks to the power of the internet and telecommuting, I was able to teach my classes over chat rather than hauling my carcass in to infect the world. Rather than limiting the discussion hosting class over chat liberates it. Rather than getting disrupted by giggles and snores, we're able to focus on content rather than setting.

I'm definitely going to incorporate this fully into my classes next semester.
"
The volume of marketing content might not be the problem. For a lot of entrepreneurs, the problem is that they need to do more effective online marketing. The de facto practice has been to generate cheap, keyword-rich articles and hope that drives traffic to their site, but that's as far as they've considered. If a prospect clicks through to the website, there is no clear next step for them to take. Instead, the business owner simply hopes that the prospect will call or follow or subscribe.
"A friend of mine bought a puppy. It ran around with the kind of wet nosed, furry coated, and playful disposition that is really quite endearing. So of course (like a sucker) I said yes when he approached me with the opportunity of selling the little guy. He couldn't rightly keep him locked up alone in his house while he was gone all day. And frankly I was looking for a friend who was good at listening, and not so good at talking. Some of the training him not to poop in my house was a bit of pain, but we've long since left those things in the past (well at least I hope so).

However my furry friend has developed a bit of a desire to explore. Lately he's been heading over to the neighbors which, where I live, is a bit of a distance. He has all the room in the world out here. I don't mind if he's out exploring several miles away (he knows where home is). But I'm just not that crazy about him bothering the neighbors. Although their little daughter loves him to death and begins chanting his name when he's around.

Today I decided to give the ""ok"" for my friend to tie a couple of tin cans to his tail. And of course as soon as the deed was done he took off running. He ran around their yard some (spooked their cattle a little) and then hid somewhere. By the time I decided to come and call for him he was yelping as if someone had hit him, and he dove into my truck ready to get home. Panting and all excited he just sat there and looked at me with eyes that spoke of a hard day.
"
"chucky's hindsight'
They say, 'time creates a man into a being full of knowledge and wisdom….or stuff him full of shit and more shit.' that being said, I like to think as I approach 34 years of age (12/06) that I am now a man being filled with knowledge and wisdom. Though, I have no problem admitting that I was once full of shit (lol) and blame my ignorant ideologies at the time on my fallacious past ways. 
Now, I just write letters, articles and books - and do enjoy meeting new people from all over the United States and the entire world. Meeting new people gives me a valuable lesson on life and its principles that go unnoticed more than not.
My life journey at present and my hope is that I can encourage the youth of today - to whom society has rendered neglect upon - and steer them straight - into a land of equal opportunity based on legal activity, hard work, and a keen mind. Education is power. Knowledge is wealth. I want the youth of all the trailer parks, projects, slums, and shelters to know that going to school will pay off in the long run. You can make it with diligence, self-perseverance and a prayer to God, to whom all things become a reality. 


I want to use my current situational debacle to prove that crime does not pay. The 'temporal high' isn't worth one's entire life. Education is the real 'meal ticket!'


Charles 'chucky' mamou/2008

"
"That would be Sadie, the chinchilla.  So adorable, and soooo soft.  She was a little ball of crazy energy.
Sunday morning Robb and I planned to go to church, so we got up at 8:30, realized it was actually 9:30, and went back to bed.  I hate rushing to get ready in the morning.  It puts me in a bad mood.  So I just decided we would skip church entirely.  Well...we slept until 11:45.  I hadn't slept well in almost a week, so it was a nice change.  And then I rushed to get ready for my writer's group, which was having a special meeting. 
I drew this confused cat bird...sort of a way for me to sort out my feelings about a friend of mine who is newly transgendered.  It's really hard to stop calling him Ian and start calling her Elaine...and the pronouns...oh, the pronouns!  I'll get it right one day.
So...after a full day, Robb and I ordered pizza.  I hadn't eaten all day, so we finished the whole thing.  That night, I had the happiest dream ever!  I got a pygmy hippo as a pet, and he LOVED cat food and potatoes.  So freaking adorable I could spit!
And this morning?"
"I appreciate you stopping by to sample a bit of my world behind the camera. I have been very blessed to have had the opportunity to travel and see many great things. During those travels I took many common photos of a far away land that opened my eyes to the common things we see everyday here in the midwestern USA.
I decided that these local common things were very worthy of my photographic attention. I have deliberately sought to pay more attention to my surroundings. Many call that ""stopping to smell the roses"". I have found that to be good therapy.
This website records many strange events or happenings. It explores wild abstract color and different ways to view things. I have always enjoyed intense contrast in photography. To me, color splashed everywhere is great ... sometimes even enjoyable pushed to the bizarre with manipulation programs.

Interested in having something photographed? Send your inquiries to nikonsniperguy@aol.com. I just might hop in the car and get it done.

Thanks for coming. I enjoy your comments and hearing how a photo strikes you. All the best
"
"Another reason in my opinion is that beginning in the fifties many people started to confuse Homosexuals with
Pedophiles. People not only got the ""gays are sinners"" message but also the ""eww you disgusting perverts"" message. It also didn’t help that Homosexuality was listed as a mental health disorder(they thought it was a defect in the brain like schizophrenia, or Bi polar) till like sometime in the nineties. so up until the middle of the 1990s we had all these arrogant idiots telling people to hate us.
And the cause of it all? LACK OF EDUCATION!!!
It seems like such a simple thing right?
Guess not because people still refuse to educate themselves about homosexuality before forming an opinion.
Now granted things are a lot better, in Canada we can marry, there are numerous programs in the city where we can get help, counselling, and hang out with others like us, pride celebrations are in most cities now a days, and most peoples attitudes are better than they used to be. It's just that the people whose attitudes haven't changed that is keeping us back from achieving a better life for gays everywhere. The only thing it would take is education in the schools about homosexuals and homosexuality and I think that slowly attitudes would change. Also an absolute no nonsense policy on homophobic remarks and bullying.
Now if I haven't completely bored you and your still reading I hope u have enjoyed my rantings."
"I could have used that quote last week for blogophilia, but I was unable to comply.

I've written over the years of the stupidity of my customers.  This one I think has to take it all...ya know I've said it before, I thought I've seen it all, but NOPE!

I unexpectedly had to work 14 1/2 hours the other day, and thus being the graveyard shift the lobby wasn't open.  A guy from da ""Hood"" came to the window and bought a cigarillo, a lighter, and payed for his gasoline.  So I'm watching him.  He's pumping gas and lights up the fricken cigar!  Over the intercom I told him, put it out or I'll stop the pump...He put it out...stupid moron!

I'm pretty much back to almost 40 hours a week...(I'm a happy camper)  But to get the five days in I need to work at another store...the clientelle are totally different then da HOOD peeps.  It's in an industrial area, and the majority of the customers are business people.  Nice, friendly, just want to get their stuff and git outta dodge!

Back at the regular place, I have people constantly ask me...""do you sell milk?""  And I answer...ummm, yes, it's where the sign says COW!

Maybe this little blog'll get my creative juices flowing, my Muse divorced me the past couple of weeks, so maybe I'll have to ""court"" her and make nicey nicey, 'cuz I really don't like not writing...oh, plus my camera crapped out again!...so it's cell phone pics until I get it fixed...I was smart enough to buy ""Insurance"" this time...will just take a couple of days to get it back.

So I think the two best Dumb Awards in Da Hood should go to the chick that gave me half a dollar bill and asked if that was worth 50 cents...and actually MEANT it!...and then the dumba$$ that lit up while pumping gas.

Got any better one's then that? 

Requirin' minds wanna know!
"
"My friend Jasyn recently posted this on my last blog, first time I had seen it and I love it now.  I wanted to share it with you.  Whoever put this together did a great job, I've watched 2 other videos in the series and this one is the best in my opinion.
    I was excited to show it to my oldest son, who is 4 and loves both science and music, and he really liked it.  We got to go over who each of the people were, what they studied, had accomplished, and what they were saying.  He has wanted to be an astronaut since before he could talk and has always loved science.  He was most amazed that the guy said that scientists love not knowing.  ""Don't scientists know everything?"" he asked.  ""No"", I replied, ""and that is why they are scientists"". 

My favorite quote was by Neil deGrasse Tyson:
""When you are scientifically literate, the world looks very different to you, and that understanding empowers you"".
So empower yourself.  Study.  Learn.  Question.  Repeat.
My son told me the other day, ""Dad, I'm a scientist, AND an expert, AND...."" his voice got real soft for emphasis... ""a real ninja!""

Expert ninja scientists, however, is another topic for another blog.  Don't want to blow your mind here or anything.

Peace!
Mark J.A.
"
I try to work hard - enough to keep my wife, Bria at home, so she can take the best care of our two kids, Rhys and Ammie. I love my job. Seriously. I like to help people with what I can. I enjoy good discussions, great jokes, well-written scripts in movies with good acting and directing. I have a great appreciation for the little things that make me smile; cold beer, pizza, lasagne, sunshine, summer, anything non-winter, shiny power tools, green forests, fishing, camping, good loud music, people who are honest and loyal, The One Real God (not the sadly perverted gospel of convenience you hear about in so many "churches" these days), and basically anything having to do with meat and melted cheese together in a steamy, mouth-watering au-pair.My wife has a much more "commercially successful" blog. Because I rarely post, and she frequently does, I've decided to stop crowding the internet with my use of valuable space here, and nest my bitter rants and biting sattire within her quaint and uplifting Wordpress site.
"About a month ago or so I went on trek to Sinhagar fort near Pune. I was so excited about the trek (as usual) because I had heard so much about the place. But I couldn’t make it to the fort in last five years. Well in retrospect, I must say that it was good that I didn’t go visit the place. WHY? Okay. Let me be sure that you are asking me why I think so? Please have a look at the following pictures.


But at the same time I am ashamed to share these pictures with you all. Shivaji Maharaj – a name every Indian feels proud to be associated with, one of the most clever emperors in Indian history – had never thought of this kind of treatment to his picture that too in his own territory. Well, I don’t want to exaggerate it any further. Just have a look and let me know your opinion about it. "
"Last night, Sofia and I saw The Lightning Thief at midnight. For those who don't know, this movie is based on the book of the same name, about a character named Percy Jackson who learns that he is a demigod: half human, half Greek god. Sofia has loved the series of books for nearly five years. If you remember back to my blog last summer, I waited in line for two hours to get the author's autograph, since Sofia was in Costa Rica. She's crazy for the books.

So it was only fitting that we go see the movie as soon as any non-theater employee/industry insider possibly could.

Sofia didn't have school Friday, but I did. So I purposefully fell asleep when I lay down with Bella and Alex, and then woke up around 10:30 to get ready to go. Sofia also took a bit of a nap.

We dressed, drove to the theater, got our popcorn and drinks, and found the perfect seat. The showing wasn't a sell-out, but it was pretty full.

So now, for those interested, I present my review of The Lightning Thief. I'm always sensitive to spoilers, so when I get into spoiler territory, I'll change the color to almost match the background. If you don't want to read it, just skip it. But if you want to read them, click and drag your mouse across them and read them while they're highlighted.

I haven't read a single review of the film yet, so I want to get my two cents posted before I check out what the critics are saying. I've read all the books, so my opinion will obviously be flavored with that perspective, but I'm not one of those people who hates when movies change the storyline or details. I know adapting a book to a movie is a bit of an art form in and of itself. I'm cool with that, as long as it's done well.
"
"The Wind In The Willows' is one of my favourite children's books but i always felt that Kenneth Grahame failed to give us sufficient closure. Sure Mr Toad escaped prison and won back Toad Hall but what was his life like after the experience of prison?

'Well Mr Toad may i just say that you've impressed us very much in the interview stage and i think you'll be hearing from us very soon'
""oh that's fantastic. thank you""
""We've just got to ask you a few standard questions""
""Sure, go ahead""
""have you got any previous criminal convictions?""
""ummmm i do actually, but it was a long time ago and i can promise you that i've changed""
""ok, what was the conviction for?""
""umm well it's convictionS actually. One was for stealing a car, after which i proceeded to shout stuff at people while speeding past.""
(Mr Toad has a real compulsion to always tell the truth since he found God)
""ok well that shouldn't....""
""...and i killed a man""

Yeah Mr Toad killed a man years before the grand theft auto incident. Well by man he means shrew because in this sick world that Kenneth Grahame created where moles converse with badgers, a man's life is worth the same as a shrews.
"
"Not only did i get up first today, but i actually drove the car too!!! I’m not as against driving as i used to be - i wouldn’t say i enjoy it, but i’m happy enough to do it. The main reason for me not having driven up till today is two fold - firstly i’ve not driven this particular car (we are in Sally’s company Ford Focus), and secondly, i am better at navigating, so Sally would rather we sat on our usual sides of the car.

Because we were going to places that we knew fairly well today, i offered to drive, and my offer was taken up.

We had some rain overnight - not too much, but enough to dampen everywhere, and it was still trying to drizzle as we set off for Bamburgh, this time to check out the town itself. Well, i guess that village would be a better description, as it is very small indeed. There is a RNLI gift shop with museum, a couple of gift shops, tea rooms, pubs and hotels, and that’s about your lot. We selected the “Copper Kettle” tea room, and entered the old, wooden beamed cottage and stepped back in time.

Although the building has been there for centuries (originally built to house labourers for the castle) it has only been a tea room for about half a century. Two spinster sisters bought the property and spent a fortune on turning it into the tea room. (The last page of the menu gives a potted history). They bought the building for £8000, but spent £13,000 on the wooden panelling inside alone!!!!

Just like our holiday to Wales last June, it was only on the last day that we found a cream tea! We each had one of their wonderful cream teas, with two lovely warm scones, jam, whipped cream, and a large pot of tea between us. It was heavenly!"
"Work progress on little Winslow. I was thinking about yesterdays post, and my comment of doing something more NY. I think this painting captures some of what I was doing while in NY and the chair figures more into what I've been doing in OR.

It's not a good thing or a bad thing, it's just what's happening in my work. Back in NY, I doubt I would have thought to include the chair, here in OR, I struggled to leave any of the background out. I think because I've been painting so many environmental portraits in the past few years, it's how I'm seeing the world. I also love the feel of Don's studio where the picture was taken.

Winslow is so much more than Don's studio companion and to paint him set in the studio leaves out part of the story. Painting him with only the chair makes the viewer wonder more about Winslow the dog than Winslow the studio dog. Plus, people will wonder ""What is that chair doing in this painting?""
"
"So....I still come around here once in a while.  I read a blog or two.  I rarely leave comments anymore.  It's because I am real busy and self-important, dontchya know!

I have just been swimming in busy'ness. Treading may be more accurate.  OK....swimming sounds like I'm going somewhere.  Treading might not be progressive, but still sounds athletic.  I guess bobbing in busy'ness would be more apt.

My job has taken over my life.  Don't get me wrong.  I love my job.  Egotistically, I even sometimes think I'm kinda good at it.  I didn't acknowledge it (I think I realized it a while ago) until tonight.

I read Misha's blog about her daughter and her sense of wonderment.  It made me smile.  I remember some of the conversations that I have had with Misha and some of the blogs those conversations birthed.  I look back, and compared to now, my life was shit.  We talked about bridges, and love, and Terebithia and I wrote about Hank and Phil, and HER and kicking dirt with my bare feet, and about boobs and poop and such.

I guess I post blogs when I need the catharsis of producing a gigantic mass of emotion, turmoil, angst, wonderment, joy, anger and the like.  I felt that urge tonight....then the kids started fighting.....and all that I could produce was a proverbial wet fart.

Today, as I said, life is busy, and from other's expectations good.  There are the daily grind headaches.  And no time for the heartaches.  I kinda miss the heartaches, and the wonderment that they brought.

This made no sense whatsoever......

Anyway.....have a good night.  The headaches come early when they start at 530....

Later

Deaner
"
"I didn't really have a good title to my post, so I decided to massacre the title of one of my favorite Star Wars books.
As you may have noticed, it has been more than a month since my last post. I had some intentions of updating my blog shortly after I returned from school, but I have not gotten around to it until today. The last month of school did indeed go well. I gave all my reports and took all my tests. I got pretty good grades on the stuff that I did and now I am glad that I have to do no more of said assignments until the end of August. 
This past month I have been reading and playing video games. Pretty good summer so far. I know, in your mind you are saying, ""What, this bum hasn't yet gotten a job?"" To that I say, ""I'm too pretty to work!"" Well, actually, as y'all might have noticed, the job market is not extremely good right now. There is very little work in Pahrump, and even were a position to open up, it's tough because I know that there are a number of guys and gals in the church who need jobs to support families. If anything opens up, I'll probably let you know, but until then, it's helping out in the new building at the church and reading books.
"
I've written before about how I'm now at the age where I've become part of an obvious "targeted demographic" when it comes to television commercials and advertisements. Being in my mid-40's I am in prime shape to be taken in by ads that promise everything from being able to re-grow hair to being able to "be ready" for up to 36 hours, should I choose to become intimate with someone.
"Now that's how to play up and at 'em without breaking players legs. If Pulis watched the Chelsea-Inter game tonight he should have taken notes.

Inter were all over Chelsea from the off. They wanted the game so much more than Chelsea and the hard work paid off. Chelsea played as if they expected to be gifted a dramatic late winner and Drogba got all stroppy when it didn't happen. Fantastic.

Yes Inter's tactics at defending corners were far from savoury but they got away with it and it made me laugh to see John Terry kicking off for no apparent reason other than that his team had lost at the final whistle. Haha-de-ha.

That aside I was bored throughout. The first leg was dull enough and there were 3 goals mixed in there. Tonight Inter's defence were solid once again and Mourinho admitted to celebrating wildly with his players in the dressing room. Fair enough. Ancelotti said before the game that he'd have a glass of wine with Mourinho post-match. Quite whether that will happen remains to be seen but I can't imagine Ancelotti will want to talk football if they do. After Eto'o scored Inter's winner (a goal that won me over £60- cheers Samuel!) the camera cut to Ancelotti and you could almost see the lemon juice trickling down his chin.
"
"I was just shaken awake by what I thought was someone grabbing the bottom of my bed and shaking it up and down. I went down the hall to the reception desk at the Comfort Inn in Monterey Park and I looked at the night clerk who is usually asleep and said, Did something just happen? Yes, he replied. That was an earthquake.
I went back to my room and called Braff Zackton who was already at work in Chicago. Braff ran his earthquake search that he does every 30 minutes and informed me that I just rode a 4.4 in the Greater Los Angeles Area at 4:04am. It seems no one else is alarmed but me! That is completely whack and a first for me.
-----
9:20am update
I just got back from breakfast a few minutes ago. Still no one was talking about this event. It's the most reported event in a while on the Did You Feel It? web site. Rare breed these Californians. It's like ... the whole L-A area got up and went for a drive on the I-5 in a bumpy Rambler Station Wagon at 4am for no reason ... and nobody even talks about it. That is crazy.
I literally thought there was someone in my room picking up the bottom of the bed and clipping it to the lift on a Six Flags grade roller coaster. Isn't there a T-Shirt for this kinda thing?
-----
You might ask ... Why would I would call someone in Chicago about an Earthquake in California? Well, here's a little more background on Braff Zackton you may like to read."
"People say that i'm dealing with a lot of anger issues,  I'm hard to get along with and i can't handle when i'm wrong.
 I'd tend to agree. I don't care, but i agree none the less.
 i'm not the easiest to get along with, but only because i've already figured out what works best. If i ask you to do something a certain way, DO IT, don't question me, don't try and figure out a better way to do it, just fucking do it like i said and be done with it.
 I am a total My way or the Highway kind of guy. i'm not angry most of the time, most of the time my disappointment in the way a situation that i have delegated turns out, manifests itself as anger. so i'f i'm appear mad at you, i'm not, i'm profoundly disappointed in the way you've handled yourself.

 My current room mate was once my girlfriend,  up until last month she was my girlfriend, i guess you'd go so far as to put the dreaded "" life partner"" label on her. we'd been together for years, bought a house have a couple of cars, the whole works.  Last month she decides to mix things up a little bit and go in search of a piece of strange.  when she fessed up to her crime, i was shocked and stunned, but not surprised.  i'm not exactly the picture of prince charming here. I managed to keep my emotions in check, not yell, or scream, or even hit anything.  All i said was "" I'm extremely disappointed in you""  That was the last thing i said to her.  We've been co-habitating in this house for the better part of 6 weeks now and haven't said a word to each other. Until this morning.   over coffee, one simple phrase has completely fixed my problem.  "" Fuck You""  came out of my mouth.  i'm not sure what's going to happen now, i'm not sure i really care. if she feels the need to suck some dick that's not mine, i'm okay with that. She just wont be living in my house while she's doing it.

"
I appreciate the mums for the color and long season they bring to the late summer and fall gardens. I am not particularly knowledgeable about them nor do I care to be...  for me it's simply a matter of planting them, shearing them a few times through July 4th (at least twice, but I prefer three if I get around to it), and watching them bloom. I know I should hand 'pinch' them to help them fill out, but I just don't care to spend that much time on the chore... hedge shears work for me and after a bit of time has passed, any stems that were missed will grow beyond the main body of the plant... that's when I hand pinch those stems. As I said... I think it's time to divide them and spread them about the gardens, so I will go for that this spring.
"I'm sitting here at eleven thirty at night thinking about what to write. I started to write something but it wasn't ""Gigglemedicine"" appropriate. I'm not trying to be funny I want this blog to be natural not contrived but comedy and tragedy are connected. I could go off on a some witty examples: comedy and tragedy like Alien and Aliens, Peter Sellers and Steve Martin the Guess Who and Come back! I think you get it. 
  I was up watching ""Behind Enemy Lines"" on Spike. I was inspired to play with the premise:
""Apathy.""  I don't know if my indifference came from watching Owen Wilson in a War movie or watching the Oilers lose their fifteenth game in a row with three seconds left. But here I am locked on indifference.
   I like the premise. If I can get up in a stage and say I feel nothing. That's a better place then being the wonky Sea Monkey - that comedian that's on auto pilot. I love comedy. Even after all these years I can hop in a 78 Taurus and burn across the prairies . I'm not worried about the destination. God will tell me the punch line.
   I've never really thought about being discovered. And what does that mean? Like how hard was it for that guy who discovered the Moon? ""There's Ted he pointed up.""
I've had twenty plus years in Comedy I teach it and I still feel like my big  comedy discoveries
 are in front of me- I know what they are: letting go, moving into the unknown, rehearsing, being prepared. I'll keep chipping away it's right around the corner inside a 78 Taurus.
 "
"How many memories carries on this jewel of Submarine. It left London on January 15, 1944 to sail for the Pacific Ocean to join up with the war. It arrived in Pearl Harbor on Valentine's Day, the most romantic day, where you will think about the loved one, while you need to face an incoming war.
The crew onboard was prepared as much as possible for the dangerous experience that lay ahead and that they will face during the next days. During that period, for night and days, drills were conducted in the warm waters around Hawaii where torpedoes were fired and gun crews drilled and Pampanito even suffered a depth charging.
Exactly one year after, on March 15, 1944, her keel was laid down at Portsmouth, Pampanito left on her first patrol. 

I have to say that going inside a submarine for my 1st time was an experiece that I could never forget. You put yourself in a marine's shoes. You are inside, the vent-hole is closing. You re going underneath the surface, ready for the battle, not sure if you will see your beloved again. You are there! There is few little space for you to move! And you need to move fast if you do not want to be the bombarded and destroyed!
"
"I was traveling by a public transport this evening of 17th Feb 2010. It was crowded. Hundreds of strangers packed in one iron box(bus). They were breathing over each others shoulders yet complete strangers. People. Thankfully I was sitting by the window seat. While I was looking at the people I was completely taken aback with one thought that hit me.
The only thing in my life that I have not seen getting exhausted are the ""people"". They are everywhere. Every day and every point of a life thriving on this planet. I remember observing and wondering at People when I was a little unknown kid. The old aged people I used to see when I was a kid are still trudging here in gray. The young beautiful girls of teens and 20s are still running around in colors. The little noisy kids are still going to schools and playing in the playgrounds. The middle aged working men are still tuned with their robotic lives. The shopping, gossiping women are still here. I have been growing up since 24 years and I have seen so many things getting exhausted. The huge green, cool-shaded trees are not seen anymore. The small beautiful streets are not small anymore. I don't see an intense rainy season or feel a freezing winter anymore. I don't see the radiant rainbows arcing a green valley. The childhood days aint here anymore. No more small cozy houses. They are all exhausted. But people are still here. They are everywhere. Everything has changed but for the people. Thousands die everyday and millions every year. But the people are never exhausted. They have become like a layer on the planet.
I wonder if God can find a 24year old sand grain on the beach."
"I started this blog back my junior year of college. I worked at a college radio station and wanted to use another way to show my passion for college football and the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame so I started this. Why the misspelled ""tho"" you ask? Anyone who knows me well knows that I strongly represent the ""spell check"" generation and struggle at times with common spellings of words. Just a little play on words, enjoy the site and let me know if you have anything for me. Thanks for checking it out.

 "
"Last weekend on a sunday i took my wife who had just arrived in UK for a 3 week stay, on a double date with my best friend and his significant otherhalf. Ben and I took our ladies to see Cinderella on Ice, choreographed and performed by the Imperial Ice Stars, on a tour in UK for their last show that evening. Personally, whilst i was really impressed with the magical performance, the fact that i was seeing a show at the Royal Albert Hall excited me far more. I had yet given my another first time to her.

Lucky for us, as we arrived at the venue we happened to come across with a ground staff for directions, who pointed us to the helpdesk for an upgrade of our tickets for better seats; hence our getting the best seats in stalls for the price of the back row balcony seats, which wouldn't be too bad either.

As the performance went on i was wondering how figure skaters could spin 100 times at x Gs and still managed to smile and kept steadfast on the ground, well balanced on the skates afterwards?

As always i could not sleep over this anomaly as a result of not knowing, so i reached out to find an explantion:"
After falling in love for Art and Photography I decided to open this Blog. I moved from Italy to Holland in 2007 for my studies, trying to find my own space within my Soul and my H-earth. This blog will be my creative expression while living here and will create new ways of seeing the Earth through the eyes of my Hearth.
"I'm not saying that America is this terrible disgusting country. Well I'm not completely saying that. What I am commenting on is the the patriotism of American's that seem to always offend other countries when speaking of how great America is. You don't see African's saying look at those Indonesians starving bastards! No because it's almost like the pot calling the kettle black.
"
"I have known Delbert for a solid 10 or 12 years now. We met at F.A.B. Church (Then Niverville M.B.) in Sr. high youth group. Delbert stands a full 6'5"" tall (and as such is one of the only people I know who is as tall or taller than I am at 6'4.5""). He is 26, has dark hair which already has a fair amount of grey (likely from all of the crazy stunts he's pulled), a missing tooth on his upper jaw with a denture that he enjoys weirding kids out with, and enough experience doing so many different things that you'd think he had lived twice as long. He's currently engaged to be married to an awesome girl named Christina in June of this year, and has made the mistake of inviting me to be his ""best"" man.
Delbert is best known for his hunting/fishing/camping expeditions, his adventures in Paraguay, his stint as a drummer in a fizzled rock band, and his ability to smoothly transition from a full-bore cowboy get-up to a pea-coat and dress shirt in the same day.
As one of the only people that my son Rhys has listed as a friend, Delbert has most certainly found himself on the VIP list with both of my kids. They can always count on Uncle Delbert and Aunty Christina for awesome gifts at Christmas time. Two of my favourites have been my son's Carhart sweater, and my daughter's pink cowboy boots and hat. Truly stellar gifts from both a parent's perspective, and the kid's.
Del does the same thing that I do for a living: carpenter/cabinet installer. He's pretty well respected by both the company he contracts for (Kitchen Craft), and his clients. If there's one thing I've noticed, it's that he is a hard worker, and a really great guy to know if you ever need back-up.
When I bought my house in October, 2 years ago, I did some major renovating before we moved-in. Delbert just showed-up on the first night with a case of beer and a tool belt. He pretty-much was there for the full rest of the three weeks, working almost as much as I did, no need for me to ask. He's done a lot of things like that for a lot of people. I don't know any other guys who would do that, and that's maybe as much as I need to say.
Here's to Delbert (I am drinking a beer right now, and lifting it in a toast)."
I am a 34 yo husband, father, health care practitioner and traveler; though not always in that order. Born in FL, raised in NY, grew up in AK and now reside in WA with my wife of 10 yrs and 2 children. I have been working in Alaska in the same field for the past 11 yrs and I still love my job. I know I am very fortunate to go places, see things and meet people that many people will never get the chance to experience.We arrived to Adak Island on September 28 and I can literally count on one hand how many nice days we've had here.  Yesterday the most recent and even though it was cold, it provided a nice clear day to take some photos.  The first shot is 6 photos stitched together for a panoramic of the town of Adak.  The other 2 photos were taken after capturing a dozen or so still shots of the young eagle.  I stood and waited for about 20 minutes waiting for it to fly off so I could capture it in flight.  I almost missed too, but the wait was worth it.  Adrian and I have one more week here before we fly back home for Christmas with the rest of the family.  I hope to get one more nice day to get more photos of all there is to see here before we return in January when there's sure to be a lot more snow a lot less time.  We'll have less daylight and add to that A season for Cod fishery and Opilio crab.  It's bound to be a busy time at the clinic.  Hope you enjoy the following pics.
"Well, I'm back from the outer space that is the holiday season. I trust you all had a great holiday?

Relatively uneventful on my end - just some good times with friends and family and usually a few drinks to close out the night.

Most interesting part of the holiday was that Mrs. Shambles's grandmother is in a nursing home right now. And when we visited her, the woman she's sharing a room with, separated by a curtain, kept asking us (apparently Nancy and Bob) how the food was in Jamaica and how big the plane was and why we kept talking about Cincinnati when she knew that we lived in North Olmstead before we went to Jamaica, of course.

When we said we lived in North Carolina before that, she got totally confused.

Oh, and that one of my relatives may soon begin smoking weed due to a medical condition. 

And it was snowing and I'd had little sleep and a sugar free Red Bull, but driving back home I either saw the body of a giant sheepdog or a small Yeti.

So I guess it was a little interesting.

I wish you all the best in the coming week and year!"
"..The republicans are the only thing standing between Obama and a socialist 3rd world America. The health care bill is a fiscal nightmare and bodes ill for seniors. The majority of Americans don't want it else it would have already made it through; it is the die hard loyalist to Obama who cling tenaciously to a bad idea and are unwilling to let it go.
Michelle I am heartened by the progress you have revealed your sister has shown. I believe eventually you will find a way to get help for your sister. If you were in Canada or England with their socialized programs you definitely would not have a shot and would be trying to figure out how to get to America to maybe have a shot.
If that bill gets through, opportunities for resolution of complicated issues like yours will be impossible to resolve.
"
"This is something that I have never really belonged to personally. I also think for the most part anyway this is a problem on a much smaller scale compared to the last couple topics, that eventually dissipates after leaving your high school/juvenile days behind. Yet still grouping people, labeling people, and then bashing them for ludicrous reasons is discrimination in it's child hood stages, and can still cause damage to others. I have seen first hand how the ""popular crowd"" really works. You're in, or you're trying your best to get in by doing everything necessary to gain acceptance. These people that try to get into these crowds usually have low confidence in themselves and will attempt to show off by insulting or belittling a different classification of person, for example ""nerds"", ""emo"", ""outcasts"", exc. Sometimes it could also just be the ""popular"" ones themselves that try to hurt others. This is considered small drama, but drama people have to live with as long as they go to school. So, something like this to the victim of this drama will build up over time...there's your damage. Not fitting in when you're desperate to, and being bashed by the desperate year round. I do realize high school isn't this kind of hell for everyone, but I'm speaking for whom this concerns. There will always be secrets, rumors, and backstabbing especially if you work your way up brutally, that's exactly how your ""friends"" and social life will be. 
Also another thing I would like to point out is school shootings. School shootings are often caused by these actions of immaturity. Again, if you're mean or unfair to someone consistently, it will have a terrible effect eventually. All it takes is for that person to get to their breaking point. It doesn't always have to be a school shooting; they also sometimes just kill themselves, or release their stress in many other ways. To close this up I just want to say for the wanna-be popular bitches and bastards, get over your minor insecurities, and lack of imagination or someone will get hurt!
"
"Banksy and the Bristol Museum have recently unveiled a ground breaking installation that features a ton of new work from one of the greatest working artists in the world today. I am seriously considering making the trip to check this one out...it looks absolutely stunning.
Just watch these videos and you'll see what I mean.
"
"People who know me well know I love baseball. I love the sounds, the smells, the nuances that make the game different than any I know. 

It's the one game that allows those with less talent and athletic ability to prevail over those with more of both through dedication, practice, patience, and desire. It's the one game that measures the person in a way that crosses over into real life.

I coached for a number of years. What I remember from those days isn't wins and losses, but the kids, their personal fears, their smiles, their triumphs, really everything about them.

One person in particular was Peter. He was kind of a fringe player, but did his best. During one game, he missed a fly ball. He broke down in the outfield and started crying. Quickly, I sent in a substitute and met him as he came off the field. 

He needed a hug, and that's what he got, right in front of the whole world. I told him I was proud of him. I told him he was good. And, I sent him back in the game. Redemption, just like that. 

In all my years as a professional, I've never had a moment like that. "
"While Dad is busy with my little brother in the bathtub John and I decided to try and see what we got for Christmas!

I told John to wait at the dining room doorway to let me know when Dad comes out of the bathroom while I checked our presents. I walked into the den and saw them. WOW!! There are lots of presents here!! I started looking at the presents trying to find one with the name 'Matthew', my name. I found one! Please let this be the Wii I want! I hope so! Turning it over I saw that Dad learned his lesson last year with me peeking at my gifts. There was so much tape at the ends I couldn’t peek at it without ripping the paper right off! Shoot! Maybe this is the only one. I started checking the others and saw the same thing. Shoot!

 Then I heard John behind me when he yelled ""WOW!! Look at all the presents!!"" I turned to John and told him he is supposed to be watching for Dad. ""But its not fair! I want to see what I got too!"" he said. I told him that Dad has them wrapped so good I can’t see what we got.

That was my mistake. After John yelled we should have gotten out of the den and back into the living room but we had to stand there looking at the presents and arguing. The bathroom Dad was in is across the house but he hears everything we do!

""BOYS!!!""

Crap! There was Dad holding Ian standing right behind us. I knew it without looking. That man can see through walls and has super hearing! I turned around to face the music.

""Boys, if you keep this up I will start giving away presents and I will send Santa an e-mail telling him what you guys are doing. So get your bohunkeses back into the living room or to your rooms. I don’t care which but you aren’t allowed in the den right now.""

I caught Dad putting together presents last Christmas Eve so I knew he was Santa but he threatened me with no presents for 2 years if I told my brothers and sister that he was Santa. I know some of his threats he doesn’t mean but this one wasnt a threat, it was a fact! 

So we went to John's room and sat talking about our presents. One more week! I’m not sure if I can make it!!
"
"Some rooms were empty of souls. They held apparatus, desks and chairs, straps. Organized neatly and forgotten this was where monsters were born. In those rooms, those forgotten rooms, the men and women of the crisp uniforms slated their lust on one another gutting their appetites salaciously. They gave no care to vow or matrimony worshipping their flesh on the altar of their uniforms. Bent lines and grinning death’s heads, blood and silver shining brightly on the horizon of arm bands and lapels. Superiors turned a blind eye to these diversions.

Outside, passing these pores, down the flanks and near the edge of the building’s furthest corner two soldiers hovered over their cigarettes. Smoke hung like great thoughts of suicide.

“I hear rumors,” one soldier said to the other. “Some are saying you have a whore locked away for your personal use.”

The other pulled a long glowing drag from his cigarette. Smoke tumbled from his nose and he breathed out fumes from casually pursed lips.

“What of it?” he asked dismissively not looking at the other. “These are rumors. So what?” he said with a shrug.

The other leaned in close. “You know it is against the law to bed these filthy animals! You know a child produced this way would only be partially human! Can you imagine?”

He pulled again on his cigarette, heard paper crumble into smoke under his inhalation. "
"Lady Gaga has appropriated many many things in her music career (the most controversial of which I won't get into because that's otro veinte pesos). One of the most striking is her appropriation of filmic techniques and the visual aesthetics of different filmmakers, including David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick, David Cronenberg, and Quentin Tarantino.

This appropriation can either be interpreted as cheating (""She's just stealing from other people!"") or as refreshing (""Yes!""). I, for one, am delighted to see a recording artist who relishes and takes part in the construction of her own music videos.

Basically, what I'm trying to say is, Lady Gaga for SGA President. I'll leave you guys with this:

"
"In order to figure out the market and where you should set the price there is the basic supply and demand graph. (Red is supply, blue is demand)

This makes sense if there is more of an item, people will want/need less, so the price will have to go down to so people will again be enticed to buy and than the supply will go down creating a demand so what follows is the price going up.

While there is many other flaws I will focus on the idea of Demand.

What you may not have realized is that the idea of demand gets down to the social-psychology and the very nature of man. --or maybe you did think of that--

Demand is: how much of a specific commodity can be sold in a definite market in a fixed period of time. Generally this is quanitified

In order to measure demand
A) the commodity in question needs to exist
B) the commodity needs to be in play in that market for that fixed period of time.

Often the idea of demand is paired with something like food, surely food is the oldest commodity and is present in every culture and market on the planet. BUT everyone values food differently and it is only partially paired with our biological need to eat. Crazy?

From my experience (maybe not yours) I have met picky eaters, I have met healthy eaters, I have met meat eaters, and vegetarians, and those who like mexican and german and italian and ---you get the idea. Our demand for food is not just our body telling us to eat, its our ""sense of self"" telling us WHAT to eat. Yes, even our demand for food (at least in the modernized countries) is simply a product of our socialization and how we percieve reality. Demand has little relation to supply except for percieved scarcity and also a social constructed desire for that commodity.

"
"I am going to share with you something that I experienced this summer that made me realize that life isn't short, it's just delicate.

When I got home from school for the summer this year I only had a few days to relax before I started a job that my brother was gracious enough to bestow upon me. The position was as a safety representative/site supervisor for a general contractor that was renovating an existing structure into a Bed Bath & Beyond. The title was a bit of a glorification as my knowledge of construction is limited. However, I caught on quickly enough to hold onto the job that nepotism acquired for me.

The first thing I learned was that the hours for this position are long. I was waking up at 5:45 am to get to work for 7 (It was a bit of a shlep to get there) and usually working till about 4:30 or 5, sometimes I'd be there until 6 pm. The kicker is that much of this industry employs a ""hurry up and wait"" strategy so much of this time was spent...well, waiting. Other times I was so busy I wished that there were 4 of me to get everything done that I needed to. Regardless of the type of day I had I was always ready for bed when I got home.

"
"Upon entering the actual classrooms, we are confronted by an array of computer work stations, each one with 3 or 4 computers on it.  They assign all 3rd and 4th block students a computer in each station, and they have to work together to complete their assignment.  Again, I'll go into blocks shortly.  Next to this, is a small theater where they show movies and such to students, and also give lectures.  While it is nice to have it there, in their current location, it looks more like a temporary set up.  I assume this will change in the near future.  After the theater, there is a long hallway that is filled with past works they have done, including story boards, screen shots, character designs, etc.  At the end of the hallway is the 1st and 2nd block classroom, where each student is assigned a computer, which all face a screen at the front of the class.  This lets them see what the teacher is doing, so they can copy it on their own computer.  All of the computers in this school are PCs, and while they recognize that both Macs and workstations are prevalent in the industry, they find it is more affordable and standardized to just use PCs in the classroom.  They will even help a student build a PC, if they want one in their home.
Next door to this, is the mocap studio, which doubles as a green screen.  Here, they have a full sized green screen room, where half the room is a green screen, complete with props and computers and monitors.  They also have a series of mocap cameras in the room, about 20 I believe, to track movements of anyone wearing the mocap suit.  This is the same mocap system that was used in Monster House and Polar Express.
Other than these main areas, they also have a small reference storage area, full of varous reference materials, props and toys all over the place, offices for faculty and staff, a small sound room, and a meeting room I could not see, cause there was a meeting in it at the time.
Now, the entire school lasts for only 1 year for each student (assuming they don't fail).  Each year is split into 4 blocks, which are 3 months apiece.  A student is assigned wither night or day classes, which stays that way for the entire year.  Meaning the faculty have to change which times they teach classes every 3 months to accommodate the new recruits.  In the first block, you are bombarded with information, most of which is 3D modeling.  "
"I like to think of myself as a creative individual, though at times I become frustrated with one or more of my endeavors. I find myself to be quite capable as a writer, instrumentalist, poet and you name what else, but drawing anything with a direct intent has always been something that eludes me.

My typical art, originally conceived of as a method to stay awake in history class in high school, manifests itself in the form of a variety of swirls, reflective spheres and curved and jagged triangles, such as this:
Photobucket

While at dinner some point last semester, I was diagramming a ludicrous plan to place magnifying glasses into orbit which would focus the sun onto an equatorial ring of solar panels that would power the entire world. I was struck by the resemblance of the positioning of the lenses to eyes which inspired me to finish the sketch off of a man made entirely of planets. Despite the fact I probably have lost the napkin, I do have this sketch I drew while in the calculus class I was taking that semester:"
"It really was just a bag of bones on the catwalk. Young bones. Good looking bones. But bones nonetheless. Living skeletons strutting their stuff in the name of fashion.

Why is it that fashion designers use shapeless, skinny women to show off their wares. They were there in Paris Fashion Week, last week and there they will be in all the other fashion weeks in Europe, and I have no doubt it is the same in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Toronto and anywhere else where expensive women’s designer clothes go on show.

Clothes for the rich are not, apparently, made for normal women. Women who are woman shaped, with waistlines, boobs, legs. Women like you. Not living skeletons who live on crackers and lettuce leaves.

I don’t actually know any women who look like that and, frankly, if I did I would be tempted to stuff a few good burgers into them along with several portions of fries. Ok, so its junk food but if you are that skinny you need something to bulk you out a bit.

More seriously, of course, is the fact that too many teenage girls on both sides of the Atlantic view these women as role models. They envy their status. They envy their earnings and they envy the glamour.

They don’t care about the cut-throat nature of modelling, or just how difficult it is to become a Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell or Cindy Crawford. They just see the glamour.

And if the way to a glamorous career is to be slim, so be it. And that is the trail they go down. Missing meals; an obsession with weight; starvation; even to the point of lying and cheating to conceal the fact they are not eating.  

Inevitably the result all too often is one of the slimming diseases that need medical intervention. Sadly, even that is sometimes too late and girls and young women die.

Die in the name of glamour, of being cool and slim.

Die because the fashion industry persists in showing women that are completely untypical of women who walk the streets, hold down jobs and bring up families.

It is time to celebrate real women – woman who are egg-timer shaped. Women with appetites. Women who are proud of who they are.

Which is not to say that being overweight is normal or cool either. It isn’t. We are talking about extremes here. Both are bad and both are potentially life threatening. 

I should know because I was somebody who was overweight because of giving up smoking. This week I am celebrating losing a total of 47 lbs to bring me to 210lbs – still overweight but I am getting there.

It is time to start a campaign for ordinary women. Maybe T-shirts or badges proclaiming “I am normal”. It is certainly time the fashion industry began showing normal women on the catwalk and maybe even making clothes that the girl in the street is likely to wear rather than the bizarre creations they sometimes come up with.

You must have seen them on TV.

Garments you would not be seen dead in – even at a fancy dress party. Certainly not clothes you would go to work in - not unless you want to make a name for yourself.

So let’s hope our young women find themselves new role models to admire. Women who have achieved things in life; in business; in sport and not on the catwalk.

Most of all it is time to relegate the bag of bones to the cupboard of history.

Which is where they belong.
"
"I have become full of hated. As if I am 12 again. It us a terrible feeling. I want to be irresponsible and stupid. I want to hurt certain people. And I want to ruin lives. Including my own.

You were that needle that broke my god damn back. And all of the sorries in the world couldn't fix this. I have become so upset, that I want to insult you. And emotionally hurt you. But, that is not who I am. But, I am fighting myself to not just do it.

You have made me sick. You know who you are. And you may never see this.

I feel strongly enough to say that I might hate you. Fuck.
"
"When I was a teenager I had a guilty secret I thought nobody knew about. It was hidden under the bed where I believed nobody would find it.

It was porn.

In those days porn was not something you came across every day. It had to be searched out. It had to be passed from friend to friend in brown paper, getting ever more dog eared as time went on. 

And when Lady Chatterley’s Lover was finally allowed to be sold uncensored in buttoned-down Britain the “interesting” pages were very much the worse for wear. It was an era when sex was not something most people talked about and porn was considered completely outrageous.

And to many people – free thinking ‘normal’ people - it still is outrageous.

In just a few decades society has moved from a position where family life was sacrosanct and children had to be protected from “adult” images and philosophy to an age where anything goes.

At one time the most squirm-making conversation a parent could have with a child was the classic birds’n’bees ordeal. Times have changed since those innocent days. Now, it is the internet porn conversation.

The former, although perhaps a lip-biting ordeal, was at least natural, even moving, passing on the golden question of sexuality to the next generation but the latter is depressing and there is no script because the kids know it all anyway – or think they do!

Because of the internet every home faces a tidal wave of porn whether they like it or not. For at least the past decade the default setting for porn has been ‘on’ and parents are expected to guard children from all manner of imagery.
"
First, let me thank you for your recent comment on my site as well as your support to my plight. Thank you, my brother. Now, I see you are from Leonville, La. The name of your town has nostalgia written all over my recollections. We used to play Leonville High. We, as in Sunset High basketball team. When everybody on their team was called 'Davis.' Lol. Those were the days, some 20+ years ago. I doubt you remember all that because you couldn't have been any older than 6 or so; before the merger/consolidation of all area high schools - to form Beau Chene High. You know there was a time, when I was about 10 years old or so, when I thought I could save the world. From what or who, I had no clue. All I knew was I was going to wrap a white sheet around my neck for a cape. I was going to gly away in my mind...fight the bad guys in my mind...then fly my 'Louise' away...just like the movies...in my mind. But, then I'd conclude that I needed a sidekick and since I had none, my plans were only an illusion. However, when i was a child, I thought like one. Now that I am a man, I'm called upon to act like one. See brother, black leaders don't exist anymore because the influential brothers and sisters are leaders and heroes only in their minds, wearing sheets for capes...looking for a sidekick or fall partner. No one wants to be the positive one, in singular form. I get that. I really do. It takes mean and women who possess moxie to lead. Men and women who are not slaves to corporate influences, or social intimidation. The world watches doers of deeds, not speakers of rhetoric. As a black race, we have placed ourselves back into the wilderness, and no one seems to even notice it. Too busy 'bling-blinging' until ignorant cataracts have blinded us all socially and morally. I wish, when I was free, that my mind would have been so loyal to reality as it is now. There's so much I could have done (would still love to do) to help out our people to see the reality of our existence. See, it only takes one to lead 'some' in the right direction....you, yes you can be that 'one.' You don't build a house by placing a roof up first. No. You build the foundation from the bottom up. You can start by educating the young. Teach them, and lead them into the realm of truth. And when they grow up, your voice and reasoning will be their beacon of justice and a new revolution that will break the chains of ignorance from our people once and for all. Our future rests in our children. Never doubt that! On that note, take care....I'm here for you.
"I use to think about stuff like this all the time, mainly on trains. I love trains. Those noisy, crammed, and sometimes smelly Boston transit system commutes were my time to drown out everything around me and just reflect on me. Pin drops would echo within the Zen pools of my mind, it was so quiet in there. You can't daydream on car commutes; I wouldn't recommend it.

During those train rides, I use to think about what truly made me happy, about my relationships past and current, about my friendships, and about my future. I found peace reading and contemplating over the works of Locke, Whitman, and Marquez. And from those uncomfortable subway seats I watched and admired the bustling life of this metropolitan city and the interactions of its denizens. But despite years of watching and reflection, I could never answer that one haunting question: why can’t I be happy?"
"A couple of weeks ago, I had the good fortune to attend a unique and powerful gathering of senior HR executives and CEOs at a conference put together by CTPartners. 

The conference sought to create(and I thought very successfully) an open and candid discussion between business heads and the HR function to better understand why HR is not viewed as a true strategic player in most boardrooms and what can and should be done to change that picture.

It isn't like this subject has not been discussed many times before because obviously it has, but there were a number of things at this meeting that made it very different from others I have attended.
"
 As my eyes were paralyzed to the sky I remember all the movements and formats waltzing through the air to the sounds of laughter and enjoyment.  It was a parade of unique forms drifting higher and higher as strings lengthened and feet marched.  They were human created birds surrendering to the wind and I was a child mesmerized by the fascination known as flight.  And it happened once a year in Franklin Park.  Many gathered and celebrated the art of flying kites.  I can remember sitting Indian style on freshly renewed spring grass trying to fit my tiny mouth around over bloated, slightly burned hot dogs and just watching all forms of kites taking formation in a sky that always seemed so bright on festival day.   My mother’s boyfriend, Curtis, bought me this huge Superman looking kite and they spent much time putting it together and getting the strings just right.  I didn’t quite grasp the concept of flying kites but I looked forward to seeing mine lifted as high as it could go.
"Now don’t get me wrong, I am old and wise enough to realise that the temples and funeral service cant compete with the Disney Channel, but I had hoped some of our other excursions would have at least made the top 5 – we waded in the turquoise blue Indian ocean with 5 foot wild reef sharks for Christ sake, we watched as wild baboons shoved their big red assess into our faces, and we even drove (unwisely) down mountain passes in a knackered old Suzuki APV to find untouched, unspoiled and unpopulated beaches – drives so scary that even the blondest dumbest Aussie surfer wouldn’t dare traverse to catch the a ‘radical’ wave.
I found myself encouraging them to answer how I wanted them to answer, a top 5 that included spiritual, emotional and evangelical experiences, they seemed bemused at my suggestions.
So now as I sit here on my way back to 237 un-opened emails, 40c degree heat, the Olympics and a moody dog, I try to put some logic into why they answered in the way they did. I guess its obvious really, how can a lush tropical Forrest hugging an enormous volcanic calderas, compete with a boy who can change into monsters and aliens? Or how can a barren, wild and deserted golden sand beach beat the graphics, sound effects and monster splitting, head ripping, gut disembowelling joy of the latest PSP game? The truth is they can’t, well at least not to children brought up with international travel as a given, 3 dimensional aliens as role models, and food that tastes the same and is delivered within 30 seconds of ordering – anywhere in the world, it can’t.






So whilst I stood motionless during the avalanche of abuse pouring over me, I had time to wonder and contemplate her argument, gearing up for a repost equal to the verbal beating I had just taken. What could I say? Was she right? Had I been directly funding the imprisonment of minority religious leaders? was I responsible for the decline in the traditional Chinese family system? Had I somehow become a key player in China’s destruction of the worlds sensitive eco system?


I played with responding using the Norman Tebbit philosophy that I was just “Getting on my Bike” and finding work to support my family, or even the Nazi war crimes excuse that “I was just following orders”. None of these seemed appropriate or relevant, I had left a UK job to come to China, and I was for all intense purposes the boss with no one giving me direct instructions. So I mustered all of my intellect, my years of social grooming, the decades of experience and the extremes of my vocabulary to utter a single word – “Bollocks”."
"Last Friday, the drama department at my school went on a field trip to the University of Arizona in Tucson to tour their theatre department and watch their production of Shakespeare's ""The Taming of the Shrew."" The drama teacher asked the faculty if anyone could chaperon. I said I'd do it if my daughter could come along, which she was fine with. So Sofia took a day off of school and we went to Tucson for a little Shakespeare. Since Sofia enjoys drama, I thought it would be a great experience. We had a good time.
"
"You know it takes very little to qualify as being a 'nice guy' these days.

You pretty much have to just not be a complete prick, and already you're higher up the respectability ladder than many in this cynical era.
If you, humble reader, happen not to be from England and are wondering what it's like, then allow me to attempt a description.

First of all, remove the idea that all English people are positively reserved, yet jovial and kind-hearted people. That cliche died almost a century ago.

No, instead imagine a vast expanse of grey concrete and stained, decaying brickwork; its gloomy litter-strewn pavements populated by silent introverts studiously avoiding eye contact, for fear of verbal/physical confrontation or possibly a suicide bombing.
In fact the general city atmosphere is now one of island-like isolation. People are becoming ruder, less civil even to those close to them, and some base values of politeness and chivalry have been all but forgotten. 'What's
he/she after?' and 'What's in it for me?' are two of the most self-posed questions.

But hey I should be thankful, because it certainly helps increase the impact that a simple good deed or act of kindness has on those around you. Having the words 'please' and 'thank you' garner a surprised reaction is a strange thing to observe, but an altogether pleasant one at least."
"You've heard the expression ""I've had it up to here (hand parallel to the earth while levitating your hand in front of yer brow)""  It is like we are a vessel that holds negativity, and when there is too much, we overfill and...then... we just plain lose ourselves.   But when positive hits us, the vessel drains.  When I see the level lower, I know that sometime ahead, negative will inevitably be on a future path.  But why let that inevitability lessen the positive?  Savour the great moments, and be prepared to not give the full value of what future negative intends for you.

""If one person can't make a difference, then why does it only take one person to ruin things for everyone else???""
                                              ----Joel Whitfield
"
"So how do you prepare for a meeting 30 yrs in the making????

I have thought about what I would say to my father if I ever saw him again at least 100 times. Every time it was something different. When I was 13yrs old I would have said ""Who the fuck are you?"" At 23yrs old I would have said ""You have a lot of nerve to show your face"".. Today at 33yrs old I said nothing. I simply reached out my hand, pulled him towards me and gave him a hug. It seems that over the years I have had time to grow up and understand that holding in bad blood and half the story would only hurt me. I didnt ask what happen between my mom and him. At this point it does not matter. A few months ago my brother disowned me and I am not sure why but what I learned from that was that to have been given a second chance at a relationship with him would have been priceless. It has yet to happen but tonight I was faced with an opportunity to give someone a second chance. I lost a brother but gained a dad and now 2 sisters. We exchanged info and hours of stories. I even got him to leave my mom a voice mail saying hello and wishing her well. I guess he is giving second chances too. 

Everybody, this is my dad Mr. Iglesias aka ""The Mariachi"" and yes he still sings.
"
"Well here I go again rambling.
 
The answers to my questions, the answers that only I can find are found in no other than me. They are deep and imbedded in my soul that are not easily exposed. Without me searching for these answers we are left to pounder where what and why. So here I sit in wrighting this to dwell in the depth and find myself. I look in every crevous and hole to no avail and realize the answers are not to be revealed. Instead the answers will become clear as life is lived and only if I look forward to the path of my father and live as if I have lived my life forever.
"
"Not everyone will encounter it, and not every soul will feel it as strongly as another soul might, but there is a period of trial that in it's depth can almost strangle us. Mother Teresa felt it acutely like a sense of abandonment from God. And others have felt it as a confusion and a deep sense of unknowing. Job encountered it when he lost everything, absolutely everything and sat naked in the ashes with his wife telling him to ""Curse God and die!"".

I have known some of it's sting when lonely and down I have felt like heaven is closed and my prayers are no longer heard. This is the long dark night of the soul. We are not taught of it in Sunday school where all the answers to the questions are ""Jesus"". We don't talk much of it in bible school where the times are good, and the friends are near. God is just around the corner and we are creeping closer all the time. But now out in the world we find it. It isolates, and hauls us off into the places where we would have never thought that we would go.
"
"I grew up on a farm outside Cazenovia, NY and attended Harvard College on an ROTC scholarship. I served on active duty in the Marine Corps from 1989 to 1993, including deployment with the 2d Marine Division to Kuwait during Operation Desert Storm. After leaving active duty, I worked as a mortgage banker and policy analyst/author before returning to Harvard for my Masters degree in teaching. I have taught history and coached track and cross country at Cazenovia high school since 1996. I've been in the Marine Corps Reserve since leaving active duty and have served with the 4th Civil Affairs Group and 8th Tank Battalion in addition to completing the Marine Corps' Reserve Command and Staff Seminar and Reserve Component National Security Course at National Defense University. My current assignment as a Marine Historian allows me to combine my love of the Corps with my enthusiasm for teaching and history. I hope this site will help me to share my experiences and perspectives with my students and others.

"
"Greetings. 
I do realize that it's been some time. I apologize for the irregularity in my posting, but I have again been somewhat busy in my studies. Now it's Christmas time again! Consequently, I felt the necessity for a holiday update on my life. 
Short version: It's been fine.
Alternate version: School's been good. I've really been enjoying Greek and Biblical Interpretation. My other classes have been fine if not amazing. Next semester I'm required to start my internship. I'm not exactly sure where I'm doing that yet. I'm contemplating (due to the recommendation of some of those over me) either Palm Avenue Baptist Church (which I've been to once) or The Well (which I've never been to.) I'd appreciate your prayers regarding both the reduction of my anxiety and for clarification regarding God's will.
"
"Just three months from today, while much of the United States is trapped amidst a bleak and gray winter, a bright and warm moment will bring the World together as one to celebrate the passing of one age into an entirely new one. Regardless of whom they've supported in the past, or the cumbersome worries they may carry into the future, the World will unite and look beyond what we've known these past few years. Partisan politics will be forgotten (if just for a brief time) and the World will finally turn the page to move ahead with hope and optimism. Men will weep. Women will cheer. Songs will be sung. Bibles will be sworn upon. Children will be forced to pretend they care.

January 20, 2009. My 30th birthday. It also happens to be Inauguration Day. Either way, seems like it's worth celebrating.

Before all that happens, I feel as though there are still a great many things I should do, experience, and accomplish before I exit my twenties. Moreover, I'm interested in your thoughts and advice as to what you might recommend I do within the next 90 days. They can be big things or little things, as long as they are achievable things (its doubtful that I can win an Olympic medal between now and January).

"
"If you're reading this, you're no doubt asking yourself, ""Why did this have to happen?""  The simple truth is that it is complicated and has been coming for a long time.  The writing process, started many months ago, was intended to be therapy in the face of the looming realization that there isn't enough therapy in the world that can fix what is really broken.  Needless to say, this rant could fill volumes with example after example if I would let it. I find the process of writing it frustrating, tedious, and probably pointless… especially given my gross inability to gracefully articulate my thoughts in light of the storm raging in my head.  Exactly what is therapeutic about that I'm not sure, but desperate times call for desperate measures.

We are all taught as children that without laws there would be no society, only anarchy.  Sadly, starting at early ages we in this country have been brainwashed to believe that, in return for our dedication and service, our government stands for justice for all.  We are further brainwashed to believe that there is freedom in this place, and that we should be ready to lay our lives down for the noble principals represented by its founding fathers.  Remember? One of these was ""no taxation without representation"".  I have spent the total years of my adulthood unlearning that crap from only a few years of my childhood.  These days anyone who really stands up for that principal is promptly labeled a ""crackpot"", traitor and worse.
"
You know life is life you can’t really chose where it takes you, god has a reason for everything that is the way I look at it. Sure you going to lose those you think you love and those you do, but if it wasn’t meant to be, there is nothing you can do but love, live and go on about your life. Sometime you get to the point when you have to just stop and think about all the positive things that have happened to you and stop thinking about the things in your life that you have fucked up, or things that have happened to you. My life has taken many many turn's some for the good some for the bad, but I am who I am from my past. I have many people that have been there for me throw everything and some that are just there to support me when I need someone to talk to, I am very thankful for those people and you know who you are. But I have to thank my dad for most of it, we have had are times like may may kids but he has never giving up on me even sometimes when he wanted to just drop kick me in the ass for some of the stupid shit I have done, but if it wasn’t for him I wouldn’t be the man I am today, if you know who i am u would know that I would do just about anything for those I care about. Some people abuse that to there advantage, but that’s there own fault. I want to thank everyone that has been there for me throw these ruff times and would do anything for you. But i am going to just say if your no longer in my life there is a reason why and you can just fuckin get over it!
"I nearly lost last yesterdays post! Luckily the draft was complete. After seeing Laura had commented on Jasons post, I turned in for the night.I had a long sleep. I would like to have more time before class but i should be fine. I did lose the workI had started on my presentation, and I forgot about my chemistry quiz.

Mmm breakfast.. I just lost connectivity. Gessi posted two new models for me to see.
I got some balance transfer cheques!
I missed class and have decided to stay home to work on my presentation. Things that I would also like to do: work on my composition, work on my visual art, work on my guitar. I should reward my self with such behaviour. How much work is resonable to have accomplished before setting out to reward myself? I musn't over reward.

Finish a section, play a track draw a picture, get back to work?"
"On to next weeks seminar presentation. I'm tempted to work on my new composition. I should pick up something to eat.
Nice, I found the article Dr. Claxton-Oldfield recommended.
Brr, it's kinda cold.
I'm sure you'd suck the nipples off her if you could. Dude! She's a cartoon!
More attractive than a villain, not quite a hero.
Jake did an excellent job cleaning the place.
PB and J is devoured. I'd love to crash right into my bed, but it needs to be made. Yoga class was awesome today. Ah, my bed is made :) Ahh... Orange juice. I should like to eat something more, but what? My internet connection is not being very co-operative. I suppose I should prepare a meal of brown rice and frozen vegetables. I'm craving something sweet.
A bit of chicken noodle rice onits way. I've eaten all of my crackers. I think I'll throw some eggs into the mix.
Channel your feelings into your work
I got my bag paked, washed-up, and I'm ready to head in for the night.
I'd like to feel good about what I've accomplished this weekend. A part of feels as though this pulled muscle in my back is punishment for something I did wrong. The amount of work I got done in RDA and Social Psych doesn't help any. Dominique would count it towards Catholic guilt. Could it be so ingrained?
I'm practicaly caught up on my housework. I wish I had more time to play guitar. Pat Metheny is really good.
With any luck, I'll be up early and rested tomorrow morning with ample time to get some studying done before class. After class I'll finish up my lab and I might spend some time at the gym. On my way home I'll pick up some groceries, have supper when I get here, then pick away at the rest of RDA. I might squeeze an RDA session in while I'm on campas. One day I got through three chapters while I was working in the student center."
"I stood, suspended on gossamer words,
Trapped in sound and light they span out, simple
With gently placed phrasings they could not but call
And in these words, and motions, spinning truth
A gentler rhythm, a kinder rhyme breathes
Out, and in the audience, all air,
Stilled, and charged, and frozen in it’s glory,
As upon a platform below our feet
But above our minds, in incandescence
Framed in motions, truly daring in heart
and soulful intent, we are all acting
They seem to say, declaring it to us all,
Ah, but oh, I hear us all exhaling
What beauty in this act, there is, trailing. "
"The black rock on the left is obsidian I found at a hunting cabin we go to once or twice a year. Obsidian itself I find to be interesting, but in this case, it's not just the fact it's obsidian that makes it unique. If you look closely, you can see concentric rings on the forward face. This is caused to glass by a hard impact, for example if you've ever seen glass that has been shot with a BB gun. Second to that, this obsidian was found in what had previously been american indian territory very far from any volcanic areas. While it's possible it arrived there in another manner, I find it most likely that it had been traded for from a far away place by a group of indians and was discarded in the process of flint-mapping an arrow. Besides this glass being around, there are also grinding holes in many rocks, guaranteeing the presence of indians in the past.

The rock to the right of the obsidian is black and what I see as orange in a striated pattern and was found in a riverbed. The patterning shows significantly better when wet. Besides liking the coloration of this stone, I am struck by its similarity to the flesh of fish.

The next two stones were found at a beach. The one on the left appears to be made of a conglomeration of soft and hard stones and this is demonstrated by the way the stone has worn, leaving protruding bands of the harder yellow stone. The next one appears to be sediment condensed into stone, including shells which cause the white, slightly pearlescent layers. The stone that is not like shell has a green tinge, which suggests it originated from a fairly good depth of populated water.

"
"So once again I have ended a shift at the place i work. It was less than fun and really made my head hurt.
Now to my issues. I have found that people suck. I say have a good day and the reply is pretty much nothing. What causes people to be so rude? I am just some guy working at a store trying to make some sort of liveing. So the journey begins. I have started fresh upon this page. My ideas that shall flow upon here for all to see. This is the beginning of my thoughts lets see what dark ally we get lost in. For you have started a hike along the narrow path which is my inner most ideals. Lets see how far my mind can take us. "
"The gaming world is a fucking flaming piece of shit. I'm honestly considering trading in my 360.

When I started playing PC FPS games in 1997 it was all about community, respect, friends and fun. I could hop on a server knowing that I was going to have fun, say ""good game"", ""nice nade"", ""great shot"" and in return have the same done back to me.

Now with the release of console games with access to the internet the fanbase of gaming has been spread throughout a wide community of thickheaded kids. Every time I get into a game of Modern Warfare 2 I am greeted in the lobby by hoards of latin-accented shit talkers screaming and not letting anyone get a word in edgewise. There's no longer any room for logic left in the game. Kids attracted to games like Halo 3 and Cod: World at War have completely overrun us. The immaturity level is astounding. I was 7 when I started playing online and I still had more maturity than these fucking assholes.

Honestly, if you're going to talk shit and act like you're better than me, then prove it. Stop being a pub scrub and get your ass into a private game and scrim or 1v1 me. The gaming world is obsolescent."
So if yall dont know i finnaly met somebody who completes me. her name is kendra willingham.just talking on myspace i didnt even imagine anything would happen like this.but so far everything is amazing.i love everything i mean everything about this girl.from her smile,her personality,her kisses and her beautiful looks.theres never a dull moment with this girl and i havent lost a single bit of interest in her every since i first saw her on myspace.you know i thought i loved someone before and you probably know who you are but nothing compares to the way i feel about kendra.its the best feeling in the world knowing no matter what i have done or what kind of day i am having i can always talk to her and every emotion im feeling goes away as soon as my phone lights up and im sure she can say the same.some might call it fate or a coincidence i just so happen to run across her profile while im doing my AIT down here in goodfellow afb but i KNOW it was meant to happen especially how everything just came together like it did.im going to let people talk and run their mouths because of our apparent differences but i know as well as she does im not going anywhere and either is she.call it puppy love,call it fatal attraction,hell call it whatever you want but i know its true love and i would not change a thing and i have no regrets so far. im very happy and excited to see really how far we go. but thats all i got to say. i love you kendra
This Saturday, February 13th from 11-5PM is the first LA Street Food Fest. I will be setting up the Mr Toast booth This is going to be a crazy cool show with 30 food trucks and 30 designer vendors (including our friends Spicy Brown). It is $5 to get in and they are expecting a crowd! It is near downtown at the Center Studios.
"Memorial Day. We are here today to remember. To give thanks. To pay tribute. We do this because it is the right thing to do. Our fallen heroes are worthy of our time, our attention, our honor. We also do this to support and comfort the families and friends of those who have made the ultimate sacrifice. We hope to remind them that their loss has paid the mortgage on freedoms we all cherish. Finally, we do this to demonstrate our values as a people; that courage is honorable, that service is essential, that sacrifice will be sanctified. In doing so, we shape the next generation of young Americans.
"
"This is how the weekend started.  I threw on my blue plaid shirt with the green undershirt, the one that makes my chest and arms look bigger than they are.  Then people came over to our place, and we explored the attic space I'd been too scared to look in since we moved in.  No ghosts.  We took some video and ran voice recorders, hoping to pick up some kind of EVP from our apartment ghost(s?).  So far, nothing doing.  Then we took a midnight (train to Georgia...woo woo!) trip to another friend's house.  She wasn't expecting us, and we rolled out the welcome banner we'd made while she poured us some wine.  I drank too much and got kind of silly.  It was nice to visit.

Saturday, Robb and I visited the library in town.  I got some more CDs, and I was pleasantly surprised to see the daffodils (my favorite flower because the portend Spring) poking through the mud next to the walk.

[DSCF0682]

We hung around the apartment, mostly.  It was nice having the boy home for a change, since the ski season is officially over.  So we basked in the homey Saturdayness of the morning and afternoon, and then we headed off.  We stopped to meet friends in Manhattan (not NY) where one of them was working.  Mutual harassment ensued.  Then we went back to her place and met her new friend:

"
"They say Jesus was a good man and an excellent role model for us as modern day society but, as you will see below, I have strong reasons to dispute this. 


Assuming that Jesus even existed at all, and going on what I have read about him, I can only conclude that, while he may have had some goodness about him, he was little more than one of many mentally unstable, intimidatory, self-conflicting and self-serving preachers who roamed the hot deserts of bronze aged Palestine and perhaps we should consign his memory to the history books along with Zeus and Horus upon whom, many suspect, he himself was based.


I have decided to be fair though and will respectfully give Jesus his due to start off with. Here are some examples of the few praiseworthy aspects of his work on earth. 

"
have you ever wondered why/some people get high/look up into the sky/pondering the exact day and moment at which they will die/well give it a try/you might break down and cry/realize you’re living a lie/realizing life does suck/and how many people out there don’t give a fuck/well some of us run out of luck/lay in on your death bed feel in stuck/lookin into the light/hooked up on life support/tryin to make it through the night/the rich people they got it made/movie stars gettin laid/while some are on the streets just tryin to get paid/well that’s all I got to say/that’s it for today/take it as it is or just walk away
"Texas has a lot of history behind her, so far as states go. Her icons like Texas rangers, the Alamo and oil lust are known about throughout the world. We Americans have set the world on fire because Texas oil men wanted to invade Iraq.

Texas is an odd state. Full of natural beauty and the romance of the Old West, led by a crazy Christian cult that cares more for the rights of the rich than life, liberty and pursuit of happiness of the poor costarring horses and bovines. I really enjoyed the place when I was in El Paso and San Antonio and still miss to this day watching storms roll across the desert mountains off in the distance as the desert sun beat down upon me.
Texans see themselves as independent from the rest of the United States, they dwell in a frontier state between Mexico and the US in their collective imagination. A romantic idea to be sure; a respite from the modern world.

The Texas board of education made the headlines today for embracing Christian philosophy while playing down science and set back schooling standards intellectually by about 100 years. Kinda like Kansas did but with more manure.
It always gives me pause and makes me wonder why Christians need to try so hard to push their teachings down everyone's throat through social programing. If their message had true meaning and power in the first place then they wouldn't need to strive so hard to make everyone believe it too. Is their faith so small? Or does this lack of real meaning and virtue reflect their true inner state?
Who's to say?
I do not pretend to know the answer as to why some folk prefer the darkness to the light.
"
"So I haven't been eating or sleeping much lately, since my anxiety and my depression been bad I just haven't been able to do those two things and I'm worried because people told me I look much more pale and skinnier, which you would think me being sober would do the complete opposite, I know things will get better it's just hard doing it by myself no matter how many times people say other wise I'm basically alone with my extreme problems, it's cool though because in some weird way I know I deserve to feel this way.

It sucks big time because I'm a little lonely but it's cool I can deal with it I just need to keep school a top priority So I can start my new life.

The only real thing keeping me here would be my goals because they are keeping me positive. Also I find it hard not to result to old ways since I'm so depressed but I have been clean and sober which is good I just look at this time as Gods way to show me that I need alternative methods of being happy with me.. I know I'll be ok but I just need people rooting for me..... Also in the pic below it's a new sleep tracker app I got and lol last night was the most I had in forever lol I will post more of these because they are mad interesting but hey take a look!!
"
"I keep a pretty good handle on the right wing nutters, but I'd never heard of S.E. Cupp before today when she was talking about Tiger Woods and plugging her upcoming book Losing Our Religion (which is predictably about how the left wing supposedly hates Christianity).

SE was talking to the Hannity stand-in and expressing her outrage that because Tiger didn't come out and say he was a loser, he was a loser. In a tie-in to her book, she pivoted on Tiger's comment about his previous and newfound dedication to Buddhism. Of course, that was a ""direct attack"" on Brit Hume who had -a while back- commented that Tiger come to Jesus and get some real redemption and ethics.

And then SE was outraged. ""Buddhism, whatever,"" she railed, ""Buddhism considers adultery a sin too."" She continued: ""He's obviously out of touch with whatever his god is.""


Why do some people look down on Christianity, S.E.? Because of Christian(-esque people) like you. Ignorant, ignorant people like you who do not think any other belief is worthy of fifteen minutes of your time to learn the basics of the phraseology of their system, let alone the belief structure.

To clarify: Buddhism does not have a creator god, nor do they believe in the self-deprecating Christian construction of sin, original or otherwise.

But because she is informed on only one form and concept of religion, she can't speak in any other terms, even for 5 minutes. How'd she write a book about the subject? Jesus!

Here's an analogy: Many Europeans think Americans are asses because they expect the world to speak English and most won't take the 5 minutes to learn ""please,"" ""thank you,"" and ""Do you speak English?"" They just talk louder. And that's what you're doing, S.E. Not smarter - or even smart - just louder.

If you want respect from others, whether other religions or while traveling abroad, begin by showing some. I believe some would call that ""being Christian.""


UPDATE: To clarify, S.E. Cupp is a self-proclaimed atheist. But a bad one. Check the comments for my full opinion.
"
"Now, you'd think the sight of someone in this condition, slumped over on a chair being held up by two people, among others in a waiting room who had only seemingly incurred superficial injuries would be enough to merit immediate medical attention. However, this was not the case. The triage nurse refused to allow her to skip anyone in line. After a half hour in the waiting room it was clear that my mom was getting worse. My dad is terrible in these situations. He saw that I was worried and like a good dad was trying to quell my concerns with lighthearted conversation but I was less interested in that and more interested with what status my mom might be in in another half hour. With that, I stood up and walked directly through the big swinging doors with large signs saying ""No Entrance"", ""Hospital Staff Only"", and other such signs. I found a Doctor and informed her that there is a lady, my mother, in triage who has not been seen and (in so many words) whose condition resembles symptoms of a heart attack. The Doctor came back with me immediately to see her. She (the Dr.) told the triage nurse to let her register right away, and when that was said the other people in the waiting room...this was after an hour of apathy...verbalized that my mom, who at this point could no longer move of her own volition, could go in front of them. With no beds left in the hospital, this only helped things marginally. In the triage nurses office there was a bed that my mom was able to lie down on. As the triage nurse took her vitals, she smirked an ""I told you so smirk"" and said ""Her vitals all seem normal."" As if to say ""FUCK YOU"" to this triage nurse my mom immediately began to vomit a bright green fluid. We had to turn her on her side because she wasn't able to move and we worried that she might choke. Seconds later, another nurse came rushing in to take control and my dad and I were kicked out of the room. The vomiting continued for about 30 more minutes. We were called in once more about an hour later to help move her onto a bed that had become available and we wheeled her into one of the curtained off areas where the admitted patients wait to be diagnosed. Sometime between then and when the nurse in charge came she shat her pants.

At this point, I was holding my moms hand beside the bed. I could feel it shaking in my hands but slowly the shaking subsided and my mom drifted off to sleep for about another hour (this was after nurses cleaned off the accidental defecation). If we got to the hospital at 6 pm, it was now 11 pm.
"
"I am going to vote on November 4. I never miss an opportunity to cast a ballot. Ever.

I just want to make a quick comment on the state of slander in the Presidential race. I just can't imagine how far people are willing to go to make a demon of someone. If you don't want to vote for a particular candidate -- fine, but, the fact you aren't voting for that person does not make them a devil, the anti-christ, the precursor to the anti-christ, a marxist, a pal of terrorists, etc. on and on.
Sickening to me.
These are two brilliant, well-qualified men who are running for President. They have both distinguished themselves. They have different views of how to move the country forward. Discuss that. Stay on point. Then, go vote. The one who gets the most votes wins -- and then becomes our President like it or not."
"Have you ever been in a situation that was bad for you but at the same time you could not leave? I was in that situation for almost five years. The good news is though, i got out of my situation and can now tell the world about what it was, how i got out of it, and where I am headed. 




  As this myspace shows, i was in a relationship for almost five (5) years with my now ex-girlfriend. We broke up because the love died, the relationship failed to make both of us happy, and we were left wondering with whom we were to be with in the distant future. So she left me, at first it was hard for me to accept. After being with someone for almost five years, all off a sudden its taken away from you. You begin to realize in the beginning of a long term relationship that when it ends it feels like a drug. You feel like you need THAT PERSON just to be happier. I was faced with something I had no control of. It was not like I could go buy her off the streets...no....it was over and that was it. I began to morn my loss. Until my friends and family began to morn because they felt like they lost me!!!! As soon as I realized what I was doing to them and myself I realized that I need to pull through so they could pull through. I IMMEDIATELY snapped out of mourning, and all my life energy went into being there for everyone who ""couldnt do it without me"" so I choose to choose life for myself first, life for them second. 


  In choosing life I realized life without her was not going to just happen I had to do some of the work. Even if that meant getting out with my friends (and making new ones if you know what I mean ;-)...) Before I started going out solely to meet someone new. We had a first (and last) date to start things off right. It didnt feel right though, you see....we started over so it was supposed to seem (and feel) like we never knew each other. But she was too comfortable around me, and made it seem like we were far from over. I was left at the end of our date thinking ""so where did we end?? How are we supposed to do this??"" It did not feel like we ended however my heart knew and felt otherwise. I had already done my mourning so I got over it in a sense. Our date did not make it help for this respect it just made it worse. So I decided I was done playing her games. I was not going to listen to her anymore. I was and am going to live my life the way I want to. Although I now hate her for those years wasted. There was some love there too that made it all worthwhile. Im going to remember this life lesson and use it for when I find someone else. Nothing in the world is more powerful then that. 


  The end of a long term relationship is one of the hardest things to let go of if its not good for your well-being. The lessons learned from this though will help me for when god decides to give me a girlfriend (or maybe a wife.) We all have the ability to control our destiny, sometimes though fate has the final say with or without its sense of irony. 


"
"I'm disappointed that I don't have this game on tape. Why you ask? Not because of the come from behind victory for the third week in a row (as nice as it would be to watch in the off-season), instead because of the the brain freeze by those at NBC Chicago.
I'm not the only one who saw this, both my sister and my old man sent me text messages from a-far, crying for an answer as to what was going on (in which I had no idea).
For those who don't know or are unaware, NBC Chicago cut out of the Irish victory on Saturday at a very unoportune time. As overtime began NBC got the ball rolling fine but right when Jimmy Clausen was set to take the first snap of the extra period, a message came across that NBC was joining their previously scheduled show already in progress.
Enter roughly two minutes of ""Access Hollywood"".
"
"I've been working on some new material. "" When you're blind aren't your other senses supposed to kick in? like Humor? Hey! I can't fully commit to a relationship- where's my parking spot? I don't know what I'm going off about- Bitter? just a bit. I've been driving through blizzards to perform for twenty years and I'm headlining at Bunker's sports bar Saturday. Yah- I see the obvious Hitler chunk- Bunker! He'll forever be connected to bunker's. Maybe if he'd hid in the Attic with the Franks he would have lived a little longer!
   What am I on about? I don't know. I just ate some porridge and am trying to drag myself to the gym. Good for me! It's Lent I'm not really Catholic I was raised Catholic but every-time one of my Alter boy buddies hung them selves I became a little less spiritual. I'm giving up junk food for lent. It doesn't seem right- Jesus gave up his life for us and I'm giving up Nibs and Junior Caramels. My Cross to bear.
   Well I'm watching the Olympics. We spend Millions on a cross country skier so they can finish 42. Alright- I'm not math guy but if GOLD is a hundred percent return on our investment where does 42 put our investment? Silver is 50% return Bronze 25- fourth 15 See where I'm going? You finish 42 that's the same as some schmuck calling up grandma and saying ""hey I'm your long lost nephew! can you front me seven mill so I can travel the world for four years and party me ass off and then finish 42 in front of the family! If you're finishing 42 that's freakin idenity theft!
  Investing seven million so a cross country Biathlete can finish 42? listen that gun you have hanging around your neck- you can't hit a target twenty feet away! idea- spin the gun around and pull the trigger! Don't worry- you'll miss!
I'm OUT! "
"In many ways I've reached a point where I expect at least something of value to be given to me for free. I expect an eBook about your industry, I expect a small SEO suite of tools, I expect...
I see where Malcolm's distress is coming from - most of the video's on YouTube are pretty low-quality to say the least, there are numerous scam blogs that scrape others and are built solely for adsense - the free community publication sites such as suite101.com and on and on are crawling with subpar articles. I could go on. When you make the barriers to entrance easier more people flood the streets. In the case of Iran this is a great thing - in the case of quality novels perhaps not.
The one thing is for sure, whether or not it should happen won't have a huge effect on whether it will happen.
Just because something will look a bit different and requires more work doesn't mean its all that bad.

Companies need to be dynamic and constantly changing in attempt to adjust to the dynamic markets and constantly changing technology."
"I recently saw a krafts cheese add on TV. The commercial talks about how great kraft's is and towards the end it say's ""A country is only as good as it's cheese, and Ours (kraft's cheese) doesn't have holes in it."" Now I know that a lot of people could care less what a craft's cheese add has to say towards anything.
But to me this really rings ""stupid"". I'm glad craft's thinks that America is this amazing country. Now of course, I do think that their are few things that actually make this country amazing. First off our education system. Very few places in this world give EVERYONE the opportunity to have an education. I do believe that it's American's who are growing more stupid everyday, because people could careless weather their children have an education or not. Another thing which makes our country amazing is the opportunities that some are given, most people have the opportunity to do things that in some countries would be impossible to do. 
"
"As we all know, Guangzhou is a large city, it’s very modern, nearly you can find everything what you want here, you can see the high buildings or you can live in the most luxurious house if you are rich enough. Even like this, there are many dreams you can't come true here.
       Some people prefer to live in a cozy little home rather than in a big mansion, its wonderful living in the village, from here you can embrace with the nature, have a good mood and smiling all the time, what's more, we find the inspiration better which it's important to our study and work. It's so noisy in the large city that we always feel annoyed.
       Beautiful village, beautiful mood.
"
"ve been meaning to delve into the concept of ""free"" for some time, but I have been roused to ask a few questions about the issue after reading a recent article by Seth Godin boldly title ""Malcolm is wrong"" which was written in response to Malcolm Gladwell's article ""Priced to Sell: Is Free the Future?"" which was a review of Chris Anderson's new book ""Free: The Future of a Radical Price""
whew that was a bit of a circle...
While there are several great points each author has made I wanted to highlight a couple that I found interesting morsels to chew on.
Seth brings forth a great critique of a common analytical framework,
    ""should we want free to be the future?""
    Who cares if we want it? It is. (emphasis mine)
Too often when people see change they ask, ""should we."" When discussing matter of whether something ""should"" or ""should not"" be, we have to realize that often the scenario will exist whether we want it too or not. We must adapt costantly, balance is only temporary. I'm not necessarily saying free is the future, I can't say that I am knowledgeable enough to say either way. I do, however, think that it will and is playing a major role in the economy today it will have devastating effects on those old, static, monolithic companies that refuse to change."
"This today would be alright to have on main stream ads or billboards and even TV commercials because it's what WE have made socially acceptable. BUT more often than not if it were someone with a lot more clothes on heavier and maybe braces.

Because if two girls like this were kissing it'd be more unacceptable. 

Why is it that a woman can publicly have a relationship with another woman and also be interested in men and it is completely valid and truthful? 

While often times if it were two men kissing, or two straight men exploring their sexuality (like many girls do.)

They'd be considered gay.

So is it a double standard in terms of us allowing woman to 
explore sexually anything and we don't allow the same for men. 
Is it possible for people of every day too put aside the cock blockery bull shit we read in the magazines that say size double D tit's and 12 foot cock be what everyone should look for in a person?





I'm not quite sure if anyone can really just act upon what they want and essentially just DO as they please or who they please weather that mean a guy for one night plays pocket pool with another guy, or a girl play slap happy with her tongue and another girls Pikachu? We've created so many restrictions for ourselves to only play in this little circle that society says is okay too play. I've always believed true rebellion comes from an education and I think people need to begin to educate and talk about something like sexuality and letting it be more of some thing that everyone can explore.

I mean isn't that sort of an attepmt at trying to discorver who you are as a person? & since when was that such an awful thing.

Quite an odd thought to think about. The idea that everyone if not anyone might look at people weather it was a man or a woman ""for who they are inside"", instead of someone's sex. You hear about people who always say ""I go for personality not looks"" really it seems no one really does. How many people do you know that look at someone's personality before they look at social status, main stream idea of what's beautiful, or even the sex of a person.

Are we only built to not be sexaully attracted to people for who they really are?
"
"Today is a good day... 

Part of my land joins a Honduran Campesino group called Empresa Sosa 1B - Company Sosa 1B... 
Today we had a meeting... 
My group wants to develop Drip Irrigation for crops projects... 
And Green Houses' for crops... 
Tilapia fish farms are possible...

We have 49 manzanas of land - 88.3 acres of land... 
There is available water...
Main road to Teguc five minutes away...
Aguacate airstrip 1/4 mile away...

Sosa 1B members -
Rafael Avila - 1 manzana 
Juan Maria Garcia - 12 manzanas 
Santiago Benegas - 2 manazanas 
Rene Barahona Benegas - 6 manzanas 
Santos Manuel Nunez - 2 manzanas 
Gabino Avila - 2 manzanas 
Alan Bustillo - 23 manazanas 
Tomas Ray Harner III - 1 manzana

We are ready to work...

Who needs food...
"
"As a collector and dealer, sometimes things happen that are pretty hard to believe. Over fifteen years ago, I purchased an amazing Superman Pep cereal advertising sign. As a cereal collector, this is one of those once in a lifetimes finds. I held on to the sign for a number of years but ended up selling it.

Now years later I was able to buy a second one of these signs. I am sure they made a few thousand of these back in 1947. They were put up in grocery stores and then ended up in the trash. But as with all things, a few were saved, and somehow I have had two end up in my possession. This is the reason I love collecting, you get to be a part of recovering a bit of the past and giving it new home.
"
Shiloh is the story of a girl that endures the Holocaust and struggles to rebuild her life once liberated. The Holocaust is one of those horrific moments in history, one that is simply too overwhelming to understand and filled with such evil and hate. It is difficult to comprehend the depravity that would allow such a thing to happen to one person let alone six million. What I find particularly puzzling is the aftermath. Whole families devastated and yet these people had the courage to pick up what was left of their lives and rebuild. Shiloh is the recognition of this rebuilding. The girl in the story suffers bitter abuse at the hands of her captors. Through the humiliation and wrenching pain the girl manages to endure and, upon liberation, begins to build her life from what was. The story of Shiloh is one that has been difficult to write thus a full novel is simply out of the question! After much deliberation I decicded blogging the story of Shiloh into episodes would be beneficial, would give this story its voice. I hope you enjoy it. Thanks for visiting! --Tim
"Something I’d always wondered about: Why do all of the members of the Addams family have names that are sinister in one way or another except Gomez? Dark associations of Morticia, Fester, Cousin Itt, Thing and Lurch’s names are obvious. Wednesday gets her name from the line in the “Monday’s Child” poem — “Wednesday’s child is full of woe” — and Pugsley’s seems like a play on pugnacious or something thereabouts. But why should Gomez get a fairly normal name? A surname for a first name is hardly sinister.


Something I did not know: the members of the Addams family did not initially have first names. Only when the original Charles Addams comics were adapted for the 1964 TV show did the characters need to refer to each other. Addams chose all the character names himself, except for that of the family patriarch. For that one, he was considering both Gomez and Repelli, the former if the character were to be played as Spanish and the latter if Italian. According to the Wikipedia page, Addams left the final decision up to the actor who first played Gomez, John Astin, who chose to play the character as Castilian. Which is too bad, really, because Repelli strikes me as a better name and a better match for the rest of the family members’ unpleasantly themed names. So that explains where the name came from, at least, but not where Gomez came from or whether Charles Addams thought it had negative associations.
"
"Brief: Write a note about Exams.
Assigned by a scarecrow-esque human named Kirk Steaggles.

On a couple of a occassions as i walked into the exam hall i would sing 'this is the end, beautiful friend, the end' from the song 'The End' by the doors.
Kate Bush once sang the words, 'Heathcliff, it's me, it's Cathy, i've come home, i'm cold, let me in-a-your window'.
We can all sing (except Lilly Allen [1-0]) but do any of us really know what incident Kate Bush was alluding to? The answer is no. Until tonight!!

Heathcliff and Cathy had gone to Oceana. Heathcliff had got all dressed up in a striped shirt and smart trousers and school shoes and put on loads of aftershave. He had gelled his hair up at random points so it looked really good. He had drunk some bacardi breezers and so was feeling in a fine mood as opposed to the usual mood which led him to stand on the windy moors for hours on end. Not even he knew why. Some say he was waiting for a boat to arrive on the horizon, bringing his lost love home. But due to there being no water near the moors, this rumour seems to be unfounded and was probably started by one of his mates on the football team, 'for a laugh'.

Cathy was wearing fluorescent clothing because that was the theme of the night. She looked as radiant as a warm radiator on a summer's eve. Much alcohol later and after some terrific 'banter' from the lads, Heathcliff looks round onto the dancefloor and sees Cathy 'getting off' with someone else. He puts his drink down and storms over, considers punching the boy, but realises he's massive and decides against it. He calls Cathy a 'whore of babylon' and exits the club. He compiles some abusive texts and accidentally sends them to his workplace in his drunken state. He gets a taxi home, wishing later on that he'd got the bus cos it cost about ten quid to go a ridiculously short distance to his country estate....in the country. "
"My elder brother was an excellent student when he was at school and at home he was a good brother who took good care of me, thank you, my dear brother, I’d appreciate it.
       Time flies! my elder brother will be father soon, but what he said and what he did were clearly standing in my mind, there was one thing left a deep impression on me, I remembered my brother never used the school bag when he went to school, instead of it he preferred a plastic bag which was used for holding the clothes, it looked very nice and suited him even more......
       I imitated him today, I held my books with the plastic bag, and it could recycle for many times. Ha, I hope I am as excellent as my brother.
"
My life will take A different change for 2010. I plan on leaving AT&T for long term while I plan to join either the Air force or the Army. There I will study what I have always wanted to study which is computers. This year will be a year of study as I call it. It will be to learn what this new life holds in store for me. It will also be a year of getting closer to my family and friends while I am here in El Paso. It will be very hard to leave them. They know who they are. I thank them for everything they have done for me in times of good and it times of bad this year. One in particular (you know who you are) I am going to miss you the most. I plan to spend New Years Eve with her. I want her to be there when 2010 turns for the world. She is going to be my guest of honor for MY New Years 2010. My 24th birthday is the last one here in El Paso. I will enlist in February, probably be in basics by March Or April. May or June will bring my career training. By 2011 I’ll have a full military career. I’ll be far away from home to live and do what I want to do. I’ll be living my life the way I want to though, under no ones control like the way it was before.
"After 3 or so weeks in the country, (many for the first time) they had gained the irritating view that they understood the complexities of this extremely complex and mysterious land, and that they could expel their beliefs with the confidence of a local inhabitant to all and sundry.

Firstly Beijing during the Olympics was probably as far from reality as you can get. A bit like landing in a working class street during the 1977 Silver Jubilee celebrations or the marriage of Charles and Diana, anyone visiting the UK for the first time during this period would have thought we were all kind, generous, happy, welcoming, and completely patriotic – if they had arrived several weeks earlier or later – maybe a different experience would have been had? Beijing was a bit like this – a street party for all comers to enjoy (as long as they were from the Chinese Middle classes or foreign), a party town, brightly decorated with flags, clean streets, painted signs and manicured green areas. People were on their best behaviours, tolerant of visitors and charitable to strangers, Christ even the taxi drivers wore shirts and ties.
Secondly, no one can really understand a place, its people, its culture, its history, and its philosophy in such a short period. Of course we all fall into this trap when on holiday – or at least I know I do!"
"..Stranger,

I’ve never felt stranger.

Tho’ this is not the last time, it feels like the first time, ever being so confused.

My mind is toxic, it has the cure for everyone else, yet ‘tis a curse on my own… state of mind, state of body, and place of being. There is something deep inside me -- a scab that needs peeling. Letting go of past grievances is something I’ve never been good at. But at last, my toxic mind is coming to its salvation. It has found, again, its freedom.

Stranger, 

Have you ever felt this strange?

Things seem to be speaking from every direction, signs fly from the heavens, and demons whisper from the floor.

That there is somebody, after everybody, that knows the feelings you have; that thinks the thoughts you have, and sees the world as you see -- inside the mind of another, yet so apart there is no knowing of truth? A heart can be broken, but can it be repaired? Heavens no. Hell no. Purgatory…. I am there, my mind is a desolate wonderland of cursed thoughts and abhorred desires to feel nothing. Yet, I want something. I wish for all to be good. NO, I wish for myself to be well and to be well unwell.

Stranger…
You have me wishing.
"
"Down the hallway, murky with shadows was a heavy door that opened into the esophagus of a stairwell. Descending the stairs led to another heavy door. This led to the outside world.

Outside and across the walkway was the carefully knitted wire with its elegant teeth and its numbing electricity that hissed in the rain. Outside was the ashe grey sky and the snapping cold. Outside was the hard ground crusted over like a scab. Under foot the scab would crackle and crunch, old bitter bones and sun damaged glass. Very little grew here, only the twisted wees and the mold and the rotting fungi. These preferred the shadows, the corners, the folds of the building. Here in the folds as in the folds of a fat man moisture collected and the skin of the building chaffed. A small film of ooze caressed the inner most skin where soil and foundation met.

Walking beside the building with long lazy strides one passes several entrances all leading into a series of passageways or office spaces. Here, within the nerve center information was processed and evaluated. Papers were typed. Numbers were transcribed. Efficient men and women sifted through their work with precision and efficiency, neat and crisp like their uniforms. "
You know this has been the most useful internet tool I’ve ever used. now me being the internet/cp retard I’ve been known to be, I know that isn't that impressive. On that note though look at what you can do with it. you can advertise a band(and don't think the record industry ain't lookin), but for me I’ve located so many friends that I wanted to open a line of communication with, and found people I thought I might never talk to again. I’m so glad i heard of thios fuckin site. To all my friends out there I raise one to you all and toast the connection we will all share for as long as were alive......friendship. and to the people who have not yet become my friend, HELL raise a glass and make a toast to the people that truly make your life shine.
"Seriously though, they're starting to wind me up. There's literally no way of telling if it's going to be a nice soft one or one of those ones that isn't hard but it isn't soft, it's just in no-man's land. It's like it doesn't know what to believe anymore (since it came back from Vietnam).
And then there are others that are perfectly nice and yellow on the outside but when you peel them they're ridiculously bruised and you just feel like saying 'well i wish you'd told me the truth from the beginning to be honest mate, cos you've wasted everyone's time now'.
I might start taking them back if i take a bite and don't like it from now on, without saying a word, just placing the banana back on the till with a face that denotes exactly how i'm feeling. "
"My facebook has me remember how worthless the people were who I grew up with still are, except the very few, (two out of hundreds!!!), and myspace I have found handfuls of insightful, intelligent, talented, humorous, and invigorating people I thought I had lost, and others I probably would have never met on this planet. 
Due to this, I realize I could have done things differently, but that doesn't mean more worthwhile.  
And with the stimulation of new friends, I have something stirring in my soul that I haven't felt for way too long... confidence to achieve whatever the hell I want!  Just thinking about the possibilities possible, makes me feel like the old me that I admired. The old me that was about fun for everyone.  The old me that could find a use of the info I aquired that could benefit all.  The old me that felt good about myself.  Hell with a new me, I'll keep the old me.
"
"But I can still react.
Paris is Burning is not a good film. Now someone's said it; I said it right there. It's just not. Livingston grabbed a camera, threw it on her shoulder, and made sure the lens was open as a number of nonwhite, transgendered people talked and vogued. I won't get started on intentionality, but I have to say this: Jennie Livingston didn't know what she was doing!
And, believe it or not, that's part of what makes it fascinating to talk about. Because we co-sponsored the event with Honors Humanities, the night's focus was on the film's characters and culture, and (I believe) less about it as a film.
To show you why I think it's an important movie to show, but without taking a long time to elaborate, I've instead listed a literal block of film-related questions you might think about the next time you see Paris is Burning.
What kinds of contrast do the scenes of white people walking around the city provide? Does the overlayed music somehow influence the audience's reaction to these scenes? How does the film's structuring privilege certain characters, or does it at all? In what way is Dorian Corey portrayed in the film? Does this influence the audience's reaction to her? How can the audience include Corey, the lone critical voice in the film, as they consider the movie's framework? What do the white on black introductions mean for the audience's understanding of the film? Do they provide a coherent structure? How else might everything have been organized? Should audience members be concerned that Venus Xtravaganza's death seems glossed over at the end? What does that mean for how other characters are treated in the film?
"
"I met a friend at McDonalds for breakfast this morning...yeah, I actually got up early on my day off...go figure!

February in Phoenix is like a Spring day in Ohio...I woke up and the weather was cool, but great.  Less then a month left, and I will have lived here for a year, it's hard to believe.

Okay, so I met up with Brad, and we sat down and just chatted and caught up with what's happened since the last time we met (Which was a couple of months ago, I just see him for a few minutes at work a couple times a week, can't really talk all that much then.)

So I'm drinking my HOT coffee without the lid, and this lady doesn't sit down ""Lady like"" on the seat behind me, she just PLOPS down real hard.  Hard enough for me to bounce off my seat and feel the HOT liquid spill all over the table AND my thighs.  (I'm not an 80 yr old woman, but I wonder if I can sue Mickey Dee's for faulty booths?!?...just sayin')

Brad and I just laughed at the sight of the coffee all over the table, and sopped it up with napkins and continued our talking...and then it started.

Well before ""IT"" started, the lady would get up, and Brad would give me eye contact indicating that she was going to sit down again.  It got to the point where I put the coffee out of harms way...in other words on the other side of the table out of my hands!

THEN it started!...she had to have had a lot of nervous energy, because my seat started shaking, I think to the point of where Brad even saw me bouncing up and down.  (I'm not even kidding!).  We decided to move to another table, and I looked back at her, and sure enough her leg was bouncing up and down.  We dumped our trays and sat in a more peaceful environment.

So my adventures in eating at the McCafe!

So requirin' minds wanna know, have you experienced something similar to this in your dining adventures?
"
"A couple of weeks ago, we went to the casino to watch some shows, gamble a little and hang out with some of her friends.  It was around 5:30 am when we were wating for a cab outside the casino.   She was dressed in her cultural attire, not her workaday business attire.  She's Cherokee.  She was wearing a black leather jacket with the long, thin leather tassles (about a foot long) and asked me to dance to the piped music in the foyer of the casino hotel.  So we did.  I just kinda swayed from side to side as I watched her.  She danced, and the leather tassles just swung in rhythm to her deliberate movements.  Grace.  Wow.  At least I thought so.....we were both well under the influence..

I love her spirituality as well.  She follows traditional native spiritual ideals.  She smudges regularly, participates in sweats.  I know so little of the cultural rituals, although we have discussed them on occasion.  

Anyway, what I am getting at is that there is so much about her I love.  I love that way back when.....at the time when my wife declined so quickly, and then when my son was severely injured, that she was one who I could rely on to give me another perspective.  I only knew her online then.  Four years ago, we started to talk.  Only in the last while did we meet.  She is exactly what she portrayed online, except for the physicality.  We really never discussed that.

So yes, I love her.  Is this something that will result in us getting together on a permanent basis, type deal?  Likely not.  I love her in that I really care how she is.  When she hurts, I feel it.  When she is happy, it makes me smile.  But it won't likely happen since I can't see our different lives meshing.  I know she knows that too.  It's a different thing than I have experienced before.  Not really sure......who knows.
"
"It's nice to be back home, in familiar surroundings, but it's sad too, all at the same time. It means that the break is virtually over - work starts all over again on Monday, but, as Sally rightly pointed out, it's not long till Easter, and even out June two week holiday isn't that far away. (guess, we'd better get it booked then)

Did we enjoy our time in Northumberland? Overall yes. Would we go back? Yes. To the same place? Probably. At the same time of the year? No. Right place - wrong time we think.

We went food shopping when we got back home, and saw more people in Sainsburys alone than we had seen the whole time we were away! I mean, the shop was even OPEN. At 3 in the afternoon! Come on, all the shops would have been long shut where we've been by that time on a Saturday afternoon! ;-)

So, where are we thinking of for June? Wales is the favourite again at the moment. The site we stayed at near St Davids in the yurt last year now have the self catering apartment fully up and running, and that is available when we want to go, for either one or two weeks. But, we are thinking about going there for the first week, and then moving on to the Gower Peninsular for the second week, and have found some good looking cottages/flats that are available then for a sensible price - we just need to get a move on and decide which."
"It seems as the past few days everything has been crashing down on me. It's only 8 days away from my birthday and this is supposed to be happy and a joyful time. The girl I wanna be with doesn't know if she wants to be with me. My dad's best friend died 5 years ago on my birthday. I obviously don't like Christmas or my birthday anymore. School is beginning to get tougher, I'm sleeping less, and finding a job is still almost impossible. The economy only seems to be getting worse as time goes by, and our wonderful country seems to be deeper in debt. This is cool, right? In my opinion I think our government is the terrorists. They raise taxes to bail out the banks, they also give there self's raises over night. I think 9/11 was something the government did themselves. I'm not very up to date with political problems and what not, but like I said these are my opinions. Life just sucks....

""When life give's you lemons, make lemonade!""
"
"Yesterday was the typical Saturday.  Up early and on my way to a job.  It seems like more and more I'm working every Saturday.  Partly because business is good, and partly because some things I have to do are better done when employees of clients are not around to get in my way.  Yesterday's adventure was to change the lamps and ballasts of ten recessed compact fluorescent fixtures located over the grand entrance stairs of a giant software company.
Simple, right?
I had to rent special scaffolding that is designed to be used over stairs.  I had to drive twenty miles down to San o Haze Friday with my personal truck and trailer to pick up the scaffold because it wouldn't fit into my company van.  Loaded and ready, I headed for the Dumbarton bridge and Shallow Alto as the sun was rising Saturday morning.
For several years, I have had an automated toll paying device that allows me to zip through without having to interact with a human toll collector.  Because of the multi axle trailer I was pulling, I opted to pay cash for the toll so I would have a receipt to turn in for reimbursement of the eight dollars it was going to cost to cross the bridge.
"
Well where I start. I received my nickname "Gump" from my beloved wife Pat 42 years ago. I met her while driving my 1967 GT Mustang around town. The traffic light at the corner next to the post office turned red. This little girl with blond hair and blue eyes sitting on the steps hollered hey guy how about a ride! The rest is history as it was truly love at first sight. Forty one beautiful years later after a marriage made in Heaven ended this past February 21st at 8:05 AM as the love of my life lost her long battle with cancer. She gave unconditional love to me, our children, grandchildren and family. She was in short, the heartbeat of the entire family. This past twelve months without her is still unbearable at times. Everything that once held meaning has lost it. If I am healing or coming to terms with it, it is going very slow with still daily bouts of tears and depression. She was like a moonbeam that you could not hold in your hand, but just enjoy every minute of her presence. So I trudge on alone now living one day at a time, sometimes an hour at a time. The good thing is I still have my family who loves me very much. I have two daughters, Missy and Tina. I also have a son, Richie. I tend to lean on Tina the most. She has been taking care of me every day. She truly reflects her mother’s love beyond measure. So why did I come to MySpace? Maybe to find new friends who have already made this journey. Someone to share their thoughts with me and in tern maybe I can be some help to them. I love music, poetry, love stories~with happy endings~ and life. Yes I still love life and all its beauty. I'm not sure what waits on the other side, but I enjoy life on this side. So as my journey continues until I am called Home, I'll do the best that I can do. It is the least that I can do for the memory of my beautiful wife Pat....
"Ok so this is my very first shot at blogging, not sure why I'm doing this I just have a need to try some new things so here we go. I think seeing as this is called St. John's livin I will focus on goings on in my city mostly because I often feel guilty when I think there is nothing to do here.

A few of my friends have there hands in things that not everyone knows about so I will reference them often. Stephanie writes for a local paper she reviews plays and shows for them, also she writes a fashoin piece for them as well. Ian has his own photgraphy site and it is picking up steam www.ianvardy.com and Ashley is a dance teacher here in the city that has great connections in the local hip-hop scence which is also growing by pops and locks everyday.

Now I know the way my mind works so there is no way I will be able to stick to the idea that this is only going to be about local art and music scene, more often then not this will be my random mind grapes being stomped out into the blogosphere. With that being said I am going to Toronto tomorrow for a family wedding(allways interesting) and I'm also going to try and catch a hip hop class while there, so when I get back I'll chat about that and go from there.
"
"Well, I was gone and now I am back. I have been doing that a lot lately. Life has been busy and I am sure it has been that way with you guys too. Life is still the same out here other than being busier. Its still up in the air about custody of my son Ian but things seem to be going in my favor. The state, Department of Human Services, my lawyer, and Ian’s Lawyer are all recommending that he is placed permanently with me. Of course Chelseas lawyer is recommending he is returned to her. But that is what he is being paid to do. I am sure if he wasn’t he wouldn’t. She is still trying to tell everyone that I take my kids from their mothers just because I have all my kids.

Could she prove her stupidity any better?!? I got Matthew because his mother let her boyfriend beat on him like he is some kind of whipping boy. The state took him away from her and terminated her rights thinking I was dead because that’s what she told them. Only after I found out where my son was and proved that I was his father did the state give him to me. I got John when his mom was having some problems. Texas Child Protective Services placed him with me and his mom agreed with me is the best place for Little John. He is a daddies boy. From the day he was born he has been in his daddies arms. And I share custody of my son Brandon and my daughter Kailyn with their mom. So how in the hell do I take my kids from their mothers?!?

Sorry, I had to get that out of my system. Its been pissing me off.

Other than that things are still the same. No personal life to speak of (Dont blame them, what woman would want this kind of drama?), constantly working to improve the house, and tooling around the back roads in my car to relieve stress. I haven’t even had time to sit down and write anything.

But, the kids are getting bigger, Matts raised his grades significantly (Now I have to give back his ps2 and listen to that shit all day.), Kailyn is getting into more stuff than ever, and Brandons mom got him the worst haircut I have ever seen on the boy. He has a big head already and his mom got his hair cut waaaay to high and now he not only looks like he has a big head, but a fat one too. And she wont let me cut the rest of it off so it wont look so bad. But damn, it already looks bad! That’s it! That woman will not ever choose his haircuts again! Besides, the barber shop is a father/son thing. Beauty parlor my ass. The boy needs to start seeing a real barber. Maybe then they wont make him look like he has a fat head.

It seems like I have missed a lot on here but I see all the old wars are still going. All I can do is sit back with some popcorn and enjoy the show. You could say something to the tards but it wouldn’t do any good, they will still be a tard tomorrow. At least it takes my mind off of all my crap. I can watch them and think,' My shit would be a whole lot worse if I was a dumb as them.' Thankfully there are a few of us that aren’t that stupid. 

Well, that what’s going on in my part of the world. While I am listening to my son rock out on guitar hero all friggin day why don’t you all drop me a comment letting me know how ya'll are doing?
"
"Flirting is fun. It provides verification for us as being attractive to the opposite sex. It also provides the Macaroni to our steak dinner now and then that gives us the spice in our lives to constantly strive to renew our sexual relationship at home. My wife and I broke through the monotony of our everyday relationship by discovering the joys of “sexing”. We had forgotten the joys of flirting between each other when; after all, our whole RELATIONSHIP was based on our first flirting exchange.

If you are married, that is your goal. To take the innocent flirtations of everyday life home, and use them to further your relationship there. We get stale, and sometimes that one smile from a returned flirtation gives us the confidence to go home and show our S.O. just how desirable we can be.

    If you guys are single, get to it. There is nothing more attractive than someone who has mastered the art of flirting with confidence. If you need help…as always…I am here for you to try out your flirting on.
"
..This morning I feel like someone ran over me with a Semi while I was looking somewhere else.  I didn't do anything yesterday to deserve all of this misery and the Sun is shining so my mood should be good.  Even the hair on my head feels like someone is trying to break it in half.  I did not have a good nights sleep but I could not figure out why I kept waking up about every hour and a half.  Even the coffee this morning does not clear my head.  I hope this clears up soon as we are heading down to Chicago tomorrow morning to visit with the middle daughter and introduce the Brown dog to where she is going to spend the month of April while we head out to Arizona for the muddy season.  I was looking forward to our upcoming trip but I sure don't want to start it feeling like this.  Even typing is painful as the hands feel more like hot burning lead and do not get better with usage.  I think I will go dip them in hot coffee.  Later
"I am a vicious drinker, but a gentile drunk. I have more stress than people realize, with the potential to let just about anything roll off my back. Gross things that normal people would barf over don't bother me, but I can't stand a messy house. I’m randomly on time, but I always show up. Being stuck in boring conversation makes me want a revolver stuck to my head, but I love carousing threw crowds to find new topics. I have acute paranoia, but am very trusting. I'm bigger better stronger faster, yet streamlined refined downtown and on the ground. my nose is too big, but fits my face well. My eyes are brown, my hair black, and skin hairy and pale. I’m irish, german, and native american, that I know of. my temper is very big while my fuse is miles long. i have entirely too much time on my hands, but not enough money to make it count. I like breakfast in the evening, and dinner in the morning. my thought processes often hinder me, due to the fact that I think way too much. I hold those close to me dear in my heart, but purposefully fail to love those undeserving of my affection. I'm your worst nightmare, your best friend, public enemy, and hero of the day. violence tends to grab me, and loss of freedom sickens me. Some might say I'm philosopher, while others would claim I’m a moron. I value intelligence, while spitting on stupidity. You’ll know everything you need to know about me in 30 mins., then I will proceed to surprise you the rest of your life. 

I'm the best there is at what I do.
Oze    

"
"For whatever reason, I was up in time to watch the trainwreck that was the ""Tiger Woods Mea Culpa and Press Conference"". For a time, I wasn't sure if I was watching Tiger or a repeat of the opening episode of ""The Good Wife"".
For what it's worth, this wasn't a ""Press Conference"" so much as it was a ""Public Profession of Sins and a Plea For Forgiveness"". No questions were allowed. Tiger stood behind a podium, read his speech, acknowledged that he had made ""mistakes"" and asked for the media to leave his wife and child alone. He took all the blame upon himself (which was admirable) and dispelled the rumors that his wife, Elin, had wailed on him with a 9-iron for his indiscretions by stating that they had never had any episodes of Domestic Abuse.

There were a few Tiger supporters there...but Elin was conspicuously absent.
"
"OK- It's time for my hip replacement. 

As many of you know, after retiring, I joined the circus. Jumbo the Elephant would wrap his trunk around my right leg as I juggled small appliances -- toasters, blenders, coffee grinders. A crowd pleaser, but this probably was the original source of my troubles. When Joey (the human cannon ball) got the H1N1 last spring, circus management asked me to step into the act. The first landings went well, but those sudden accelerations from the cannon applied great pressure to my already weakened right leg. Then, I sort of over shot the landing net -- and well, met some very nice people in the audience. The MRI of my hip, which many of you will receive in our Christmas card, captured the true cost of my fond circus dreams. 

So, I have cancelled my audition for Riverdance and my subscription to Pole Vaulter Monthly. 

And in the prophetic words of Goldie Hawn of Laugh In: Socket To Me. 

More later...
"
"Give me advice. Tell me one of your favorite accomplishments or destinations. Tell me something you've always wanted to do and why. Just make a suggestion. It could be to learn your favorite birdcall or to visit a favorite locale. It could be to play chess in a park or to learn to drive a motorcycle. Share something. Teach something. Plus, you get super triple extra bonus points if you go so far as to help with a direction or recommendation for HOW to go about doing whatever it is you suggest.
Here are a few random uncompleted items off of my Life List that might spark your thinking. I won't get through them all yet, but I'll cross a few of these off in the next 90 days."
"I had a really good weekend, visiting with friends on Friday and Saturday evening. 

Friday night Susan came over and we looked at her virus protection on her laptop. Joining the crew was Dave and Sandy. Dave also brought his brand-new Dell laptop computer running Windows 7. We unpacked the laptop and got everything set up for him. This all over pizza, and in time to watch the Penguins play..... basically geek heaven.

Saturday night my old friend Mark and his family came over and we went to dinner at Damon's restaurant. It has probably been 12 or 13 years since I've eaten at a Damon's restaurant, it was really good and the service was good too.

Mark brought down three new Penguins game jerseys, a Jordan Staal and Sidney Crosby for me and a Sidney Crosby for my other friend Dave..... All in all a pretty full weekend and it's only Sunday morning. The Penguins play tonight at five and I'm already wearing my new white Jordan Staal jersey in anticipation..... let’s go Pens
"
"I am an American living in Honduras since 1987...
Seeker of the Truth...
Started here looking for gold in the jungles of the Rio Patuca, Olancho, Honduras...
After Hurricane Mitch in 1998...
On the Rio Patuca I Founded -Coordinated 4 million pounds of Humanitarian aid - We organized 63 jungle communities...
This experience changed my life...
My three beautiful young children - Angelica - Tomas IV - Diego - all were born in Honduras...
My beautiful wife of 12 years is Honduran...
Through the true word of G-d...
Have small Eco Farm...
Dedicated to better the lives of Campesinos...
Better farming techniques...
A place to share visions of a better tomorrow...
Want to stop the myth Honduran Campesinos are poor..."
"I desperately wanted to do some photography this weekend. But every time I stepped out of the house I became uninspired by this bleak New England winter, the colorless landscape, the harsh mid-day lights, and all the ugly people. I don't know why anyone would want to come to America.

So I spent much of my weekend watching Boys over Flowers (Korean drama). Plus I did my taxes, spent a lot of time in my kitchen cooking, ran some errands, and join some friends for dinner at their house Saturday night for hotpot. Overall, an uneventful weekend.

Most of the time, I sat there by my phone wondering when someone would call me up to go hang out. I was too proud to call anyone else up of course. Anything would have done really. It's been awhile since I've experienced this kind of isolation. But I guess you need these kind of weekends once in awhile to put life into perspective. One day when everyone is settled down with family there'll be no one around to hang out with, no snowboarding trips, no birthday dinners with friends, no clubbing, and no meeting up for lunch.

I know I tell everyone that I rather be single; that family life just seems so boring. I make a lot of excuses of why I rather not be in a relationship or ask this or that girl out. But after much thought about this I realized that I'm terrified. Not of asking a girl out, but that I'll end up in another relationship where I'll be miserable and she ends up breaking my heart again. So I've been avoiding relationships like the plague.

But if I don't overcome this fear, then I'll end up seeing more of my weekends like this one when everyone finally settles down. What will I do then? "
"Life is an illusion, as the Buddhists say. Life is simply a test, as the Christians suggest. Yet with its horrors and glories combined, it is a wondrous experience with tearing negativity and soothing hands that caress in a way that can only be described as yin-and-yang… I am here.

    This feeling in me, is of none I have ever experienced. I once lie in my bed, dreading the morning, wishing to myself that this all be a dream. I had pondered whether or not I was just a thought, an illusion, a dream in the mind of the creator. Pain and anguish flourished in my life: I hoped that reality (my reality) was a dream.

    As I lay here, in another’s bed, cast out of the tides of ravish: into the stream of consciousness -- I feel like the world is passing me by. Helplessness overcomes me as I sit on the bottom of the stream and the currents of my life pass me rapidly. The rivers of time will erode me into sad, dust. Yet as everybody around me comes and goes like seasons -- how they spring to life, stabilize, grow weary, and then fade into the cold -- I am in the midst of a Renaissance.

    Like my younger days, I lie in bed thinking life to be a dream, I hold my pillow close saying, “five more minutes.”
"
"I've had some nasty experiences with dentist over the years. In fact I'm sort of glad you have posted this 'cos I might dig out a letter I sent in a moment of pique to my dentist surgery. I'll dig it out and post it.

My own teeth - despite regular servicing and dental care - are falling like that pack of dominoes. I have few at the back to usefully chew. This makes me favor my front teeth for chewing which has the effect of making me accidentally bite and chew my lips. But I hate the idea of falsies; though I have heard that they are better than the wooden ones they offered folk when I was much younger.
"
"I cannot believe the politicians we send to office. Are the politicians so afraid of not being reelected that they will not give an up or down vote?

I believe that everyone should have access to healthcare, and healthcare needs to be reformed at the most basic level. It frustrates me knowing the politicians do not have the courage to represent the people. It seems every topic is split between the party lines. 

No politician is working for the good of the people, they are all worried about playing politics. It's actually disgusting. Come November I plan on a clean sweep.... my personal belief is, two terms and you're out. Enough of career politicians, enough of politics as usual, enough of this nonsense.
"
"Hello, Peeps! Thanks for visiting my blog. It's a place that allows me to share all the cool creative people and their creations I come across in this world. And, a place to showcase some of my work. I'm a designer, and I believe that if you can dream it you can do it. I apply that very basic belief to every aspect of my life and work. After my family, my greatest passion is to design and create things that are new, unique, and on the edge. Creativity and inspiration are all around us everyday. Anyone can recognize when something is beautiful, the secret is to take the time and learn why it is.
"
"As I write at 10am, it is 26 degrees.  The low last night was around 20, the worst of a series of overnight freezes here in Central Texas since December and on the way to becoming the coldest winter on record.  

Last summer was the hottest on record.

It leaves me wondering if whatever is going on with the climate isn't so much global warming (although overall, it is) as extreme fluctuations, like a swing with a bonfire on one side and an iceberg on the other.
If so, how far each way will it go?

Maybe it's just a coincidence."
"I just finished a video project on Utah after 9/11 for the paper. It was coupled with a small portrait series. I was very impressed with those I interviewed. From the General of the Utah National Guard to a married couple who were blocks from the Twin Towers when they were attacked, to parents of fallen soldiers, they all spoke so open and candidly with me. 
I naturally thought how my life has changed since 9/11. When I was a kid I was interested in the decade of the 60s. From what I saw and read, it seemed like so much changed so quickly, and the things that did change were monumental. 
I wonder what will be said about the last decade. I remember the morning of the attacks, it was my first semester at community college, and I remember the year following; the patriotism, the national reverence at all the memorials. I feel like it was an interesting time to be a college freshman. It all came to a point when almost exactly a year after the attacks I was moving back to Germany for two years for church service. It was a month or so after the US Congress had authorized the military to go into Iraq. The stewardess handed me a copy of the Frankfurter Allegemeine newspaper and the front page photo was a giant protest against the US going to war. I remember looking at that photo and realizing that I was entering a very different sea of opinions than post 9/11 America. 
7-8 years later I am still wrestling with my opinions on the war(s) etc. I feel myself pulled to the moderate center, but then I feel like I use those words to dress up fence sitting. It is funny how since 9/11, the more I hear the resolute opinions of others, the less I want to have my own.
"
Hey.  Things are going great down here in alabama.  it is really hot though.  i hate to say it but i miss maine's weather.   Especially when it comes time to do pt every day.  congrads on the job in new York.  Do you like it there?  I hope everything is going good for you.  Are you going to be able to go home for Christmas?  I'm planning on going home for a week or two. It was really nice seeing my mom and erin for my graduation.  I just wish I could of spent more than one day with them. Well i have to get going but take care and it was nice hearing from you.
"I'm so tired of myself... 
I'm so tired of being in love... 
I'm so tired of wanting to be in love... 
I'm so tired of always being alone... 
I'm so tired of not having someone to talk to... 
I'm so tired of not having someone to show how much I love them... 
I'm so tired of not having someone show how much they love me... 
I'm so tired that I don’t have someone to hold onto... 
I'm so tired that I have no one to lie to 
and tell them I'm cold just so I could cuddle with them... 
I'm so tired of having no one to kiss over and over again...
"
"I love me my Star Wars.

No, seriously. My first memory is of watching Return of the Jedi. Even though I felt deeply nonplussed by Killer Klones and Revenge of the Mediocre, I am still George Lucas’s bitch. I’ve bought the VHS, the DVD. I have Action Figures. Mini-Lego Sets. I ran a goddamn Star Wars D20 game.

I would not be surprised that my individual contribution probably paid for Jett’s braces.

So a few years ago Republic Commando comes out for the PC and Xbox. It gets good reviews, but I hold off, waiting for a price drop. It hits the bargain rack, but I have a huge backlog… and I’ll be back in Walmart next week.

There’s always another time.

Well, oops. Republic Commando left the bargain rack, and I figured that the game had passed me by. Then along comes Steam and its fiendish Holiday Sale (the number one reason why posters in the GESC will never finish that novel, that iPhone app, or rake that layer of leaves resting on the lawn). 5 bucks! Hot damn! Five bucks!

Click. Sold.

Having just gotten done with Batman: Arkham Asylum, I wanted something quick and zippy. Republic Commando fit the bill. Let’s see how well it stands the test of time.

At first, I was seriously meh. I had just finished Arkham Asylum, a gaming equivalent of The Dark Knight. You know why it’s been roundly praised as 2009’s Game of the Year? You’re the GODDAMN BATMAN! No, seriously. It’s the closest thing you’ll get to being an unhinged badass vigilante mofo with impeccable controls and incredible design.

And then along comes Republic Commando, a very decent licensed squad-based shooter. It felt like weak sauce. Decent is good. Would that more games were decent. After 2009’s GOTY, decent just felt… decent.

The first third of Republic Commando feels like a well-done generic squad shooter. Simple commands? Check. Weapons? Standard fare. License? Effective. Levels? Acceptable. Controls? Floaty. I spent most of the time feeling like I was piloting an underpowered floating turret. My assault rifle… just didn’t do much assaulting. Hell, I used my pistol as my go-to weapon – at least I wasn’t wasting ammo. On top of that, the level design just felt bland. I turned to my girlfriend and told her that it was just a bit of a bore.

Did I just waste five bucks?

The next night, I tackled the Assault Ship campaign, and suddenly things started getting better. Sure there was some copy/paste level design with ship corridors, but overall, I felt far more immersed in the game. Blasting flying bugs in a brown landscape? Been there, done that. Crawling through the guts of a “star destroyer” (Republic Assault Ship. I know. There’s a difference.), checking corners, breaching doors, and rescuing downed comrades? Hell yeah! That’s what Genndy Tartakovsky is all about.

Last night, I decided to put this baby to bed. The Kashyyyk campaign finally felt like a full-on Star Wars experience. You finally had decent weapons, your squad seemed to have stepped up its game, and the environments and levels stopped feeling generic. More than that, they got the final battles “right.” In fact, there wasn’t a final battle, per se. You traversed a collection of skirmishes with your team doing door breaches so that you could take down a Separatist Cruiser with cannon fire. Like Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, there is no final boss, just a final level that tests your skills. When that cruiser came down, it was the exclamation point at the end of a satisfying endurance test.

I was immensely impressed. Most games peter out by the end. Republic Commando just kept getting better. That said, the game did have a number of flaws.

First: the base weapons suck. I rarely felt like I had a weapon in my hand. It wasn’t until the second campaign where you get the shotgun and the repeater that you actually feel you can open up a can of whoopass. Once the shotty became available, I only used the assault rifle against droids or when I ran out of ammo. 

What are we supposed to use? Harsh language?

Also, the graphics are dated. Duh. But still, there were some character models that were embarrassingly low-poly. Wookiees? They looked like they were rendered in the Dark Engine. The environments? Cohesive but unimpressive textures. Your squad looked great (thankfully), but you can definitely tell that the game has not aged as gracefully as it could have. It did, however, run nicely on a bootcamped Macbook White on Max Settings.

Also, you can definitely tell that the levels were designed for the Xbox. Yup. Loading screen. Loading Screen. Walk to the next building. Loading Screen. Oh! Hi! Alex Denton! I’m a big fan! Loading screen…

On the whole, though, Republic Commando is worth five bucks. Indeed, it’s worth ten. Is it worth the 50 bucks it was at launch? No. But if you’re a Star Wars fan who wants to drop a ten-spot and hit the wayback machine, take a look.
"
"Two people stood in the busy street, the hustling thunder of the traffic an ostinato to their symphony of conversation. ""you look well"" he said with the awkwardness of memories lying on his tongue, as thick and sweet and decadently shaming as honey, and everything seemed to click back into place, just like two summers and 900 kisses ago.
""thank you"" she said, and the love they felt for each other trailed behind them like scarves in the wind, twisting up into the sky above them and trailing around the tenements and apartment buildings, buzzing with life and electricity, intertwined and indivisible.  All around them the traffic danced and the peopled buzzed forward and they just talked. And it was like all there was about them was a field, and a beacon and the grey sky above, telling them to long for the ground, and each other and their lips and kisses and-
His phone rings, she jumps and the spell is broken, the strings of violins snap, the conductor gasps.
The symphony is silent and as they realise what they have been dreaming, and how dangerously close they came to connecting, he answers the phone and the signals of reality and boredom seep back in. A hand goes up, an absent-minded ""bye"" and he hurries away.
She stands in the street alone and begins to wrap up the tangles of her scarf, winding back the kite. A tear falls, or is it a raindrop. In the flood of a city, who can notice the difference?"
"It was 63° today and the snow has finally melted off most of the sidewalks. So I made it over to Starbucks and had tea this afternoon. It was so nice getting out of the house and enjoying the warmer weather. Maybe winter is finally over, after all it's almost St. Patrick's Day! I could sure go for a Guinness or two about now.

The mayor of Pittsburgh has declared a state of emergency in advance of flooding. Hopefully people are prepared, Especially those in flood prone areas. The weather forecast is expecting rain the next few days on top of melting snows in the higher elevations.....

The last few weeks I have been using my Netflix account to watch a ton of movies... plus the on-demand cable. Now that the weather is getting nicer I plan on being outside more as soon as the 1 foot of snow and ice melt off of my back deck....
"
"I attended the sold-out Muse concert at the GMU-Patriot Center a few weeks back, and they give a fantastic live show. Now, this is a blog about film, so discussing a live concert may seem a little strange. But Muse uses a very impressive sound and light show, including showing sci-fi style video clips. I could include a link to a clip of a live performance here, but instead I've got something better. As long as we're on the topic of short film, here is Muse's music video for their song ""Knights of Cydonia"". It's a silent kung-fu/space-western set to the song. Check it out:
Posted by Andrew Cohen at 11:35 PM 0 comments Links to this post
Labels: Knights of Cydonia, Muse, Music Videos, Short Films
Sunday, March 14, 2010
Some Chill Short Films
You know, this being the blog for a film club and all, I figured it would be a good idea to post this.

Trust me, check it out yo.

Chill Link

Also, check out the Academy Award-winning short, Logorama.

Posted by Adam Chubak at 5:57 PM 1 comments Links to this post
Labels: Short Films
Saturday, March 13, 2010
Lady Gaga: Auteur
I spent the day watching Lady Gaga videos on Youtube (It's spring break, okay?). After watching ""Paparazzi"" for the fifth time or so I began to dig into past SFFS events/meetings, and I realized that Lady Gaga has come up many many times in our various activities.

Why is this?

I'm not sure whether or not to chalk it up to pure coincidence, or whether to dig deeper into the Lady's prevalence in SFFS activities. Let me give a brief outline of what I'm talking about.

At one of our meetings, when trying to fix a technical problem on the projector, I put on the video ""Bad Romance."" I knew that the video started off with sound, and since our problem was an audio one, I figured it'd be a useful video to use. After we fixed the problem, we watched David Lynch's ""The Alphabet,"" a short film that I described afterward as a sort of ""moving canvas."" What was even more telling than this was when member Justin Cousson, about thirty-seconds into the short, said something along the lines of, ""Is this another Lady Gaga video?"" I laughed at the time, but, now that I'm thinking about it, the aesthetic of the ""Bad Romance"" video is very Lynchian, which is to say, it's very Kubrickian. For a visual explanation of what I mean, see the following screencap:"
"Last year I made my New Year’s resolutions public on my blog. That seemed to help me complete a good handful of them (final score here). So I am going to have another go at it…

Big Stuff

Finish my pilots licence. It is just getting embarrassing at this point. 
Keep up the vacation plan and take at least 2 vacation that are more than 3 days. Hey people die at my age, got to get with it. 
At least 6 date nights with my wife. This would be more than the sum of all dates in the last 10 years (guess how old the oldest is) so this is a very aggressive goal. 
Go sailing at least 3 times (have not been since I was a kid). 
Get my wife to go sailing at least once (if I pull this one off I need a medal). 
Read at least one book that is not fiction, self help or business related. Not exactly what is left to read but there must be something out there. 
Maintain my weight (unless of course I am exposed to some freak nuclear activity that turns me into a ripped super hero overnight, in which case I will let this one go). 
Have neighbors and friends over for dinner. Small groups 1-2 couples. It is easier to dig up the dirt that way. 
Go at least once to the Walt Disney Concert Hall. Hopefully the rest of the family will come too. 
The Little List

Now that I have found my foil and my kids are starting to express an interest I will bring this back to the list. Based on last years performance I am probably just being silly. 
2010 is the 20 year high school mark for both my wife and myself. Hoping we actually go so we laugh our asses off. 
Become proficient at tying my turban. There really is no reason as I could never wear it outside of the house, but man it feels great. No joke, can’t explain it but it just feels great. Help mental focus, I swear. 
Own and wear more hats. I love hats, why are they so out of fashion. 
Golf at least once. 
Make an effort to get technically better at taking photos now that I have a camera that can support it. Technically better means not having to take 200 photos to get lucky on 10. 
Take kids again on a train ride up to LA and explore. Hmmm boa and boba, sounds good right now. 
Drink more scotch (hey, I put it on the little list) 
Looking at this list it feels a little like a bucket list.
"
"It was a beautiful sunset landing in Las Vegas last night, and today was a crazy good first day at the show! The fashion peeps are some of the coolest on the planet. Boundless creativity and vision. I was loving every minute of it...despite my sore feet! I would love to know how many miles I walked. It was a whole lot, but worth every step! 
Out of respect for the designers, I didn't take any close ups of the new products, but I did manage to snap a few shots to give you a little of the atmosphere.
This company makes their socks with bamboo...yes you read that right...bamboo! And, you would not believe how soft and wonderful they are! So cool...so GREEN...so awesome!

There was SO MUCH more, but I was so focused on the next rad piece around each corner, I just couldn't stop to take more photos. But, I will leave you with a very cool video I took at the end of the day in STREET
Have a great day eveyone! I'm off to start day 2! :-)
"
"Nasty
under the skin, we meet and see our self's in the mirror our images
superimposed, ready or not I peer into your soul and dive deep splash
landing in a pool of pain As salty and familiar as the tears that run
down my cheek your eyes don't like what I see You don't want to be me,
pain is what I see, Am sorry that I couldn't be there. So you curse at
me and smash the mirror, scream and beg for it to stop so now What do
you get, in the hands of despair just splinters of glass, and tears of
regret, Now look again and tell me what you see, a monster Is what I
plea.
"
"All right. So, here we go. The first parody of many to come. Please let me know what you think. Also, I will post a link to a youtube video of the original song so you may get the full experience of mine...ya know, if you play it while reading mine.

This was the very first parody that I made and wrote down to remember. For a long time in my life, I had been making up parodies to myself - just silly little changes to the songs - and they amused me. But if I ever tried to tell someone about it, I couldn't remember what I said. So, I promised myself that I would start writing down my parodies, and this was the next one to come.
Bailey is a cat. But not just any cat. He is a seventeen pound cat belonging to my fiancé. For those of you not familiar with pet weights, seventeen is freaking huge for a cat. You can't really blame my fiancé's family though. They found the cat as a stray and apparently wanted it to eat it's fill.
Anyway, I had the song Lady by Styx stuck in my head all day as I cut my fiancé's grass. I took a shower after I was done and when I walked out of the shower, there was Bailey sleeping soundly. I started singing Lady, but replaced Lady with Bailey. Upon hearing his name, he opened one eye and glared at me for waking him up. I then made up the second verse then and there. The rest of the song I made up later.
Enjoy!"
"Observation. I love to watch. Unlike the scene in ""Being There"", this has nothing to do with Peter Sellers and Shirley Maclaine. More importantly, it involves not just watching, but understanding the world around us. I have a point of view and I express it here. 
"
Mind keep chewing old thoughts, random memories..turning the essence like juice savored slowly swirled around the tongue…some fragments stay stuck in crevices between teeth…lips smile at the taste of the memory…living in a tiny body perched on a tiny planet rotating/revolving in a set path in a universe that is moving in a hurry somewhere at breakneck speed….the mind gets disoriented…too many things flash by through the window to the eternal space….even though there is stillness around…..we live stacked upon each other and feelings and thoughts struggle in the crowd to breathe, suddenly there comes a break as when the train rushes suddenly through a country side…we breathe fresh air….like caressing strands of old music drifting aimlessly with the breeze, like an unanticipated unadulterated kiss in the middle of a mundane-any-other-day, like the fleeting smile on the lips of a sleeping puppy ...the stink becomes just a memory for a few seconds….and eyes begin to sparkle looking ahead…making soft dreams out of all that is left and all that is gathered new.
Academic: I seek to foster a research environment and culture at an undergraduate level, knowing that good undergraduate students make good graduate candidates. I wish to instill in the younger generation the desire to produce quality results that are cutting edge in their field of work.Personal: I am interested in fostering a healthy non-academic environment in which students can participate. A healthy dormitory life can be just as important as the availability of a quality education to the overall outcome of a student. I enjoy the non-academic activities available for student interaction and growth.I enjoy reading and constantly exploring new ideas and technologies from all different fields. More often than not I have been inspired by knowledge of advances in ancillary fields when attempting to solve problems in my own.Taught my first course in the Fall Qtr. 2006, undergraduate Transport Phenomena. The following spring I taught my first graduate course, Graduate Transport Phenomena, then in Fall 2007 I taught Biomechanics, Winter 2007 I helped to teach Senior Design Laboratory for engineers. This last year I assisted for most of those classes again. I have found what I love to do.Have been involved in research since 2001, and look forward to a lifelong involvement in academia. I doubt I will head back to an industry-life, but life has taught me that I can never predict exactly where it will take me
"The dinner plates began to go cold. Some would say eat while you can. Others would say as long as you can is all that matters. The masters of the world know that the key to life is in their hands. So, they pull the strings and manipulate. Because, they know you'll jump through hoops to get what they have.

The game of life used to be survival. And now, the game of life is slavery. Ha. They say life is unfair. Well, why do you think that is?

Give me more Britney Spears. Give me more MTV and TMZ. Tune me into your programs. My brain is still unclean. It needs more washing. Whatta' ya' say, Uncle Sam?

Whatta' ya' say Obama? Ha. I'm being puppeteered by the puppet.

You win America. We are your slaves. Now hand me that big check that isn't quite big enough and dangle the food above me.

Just don't get comfortable. Karma will come to collect. Lololololololololzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Fruits.
"
"There are some people in this world who are given the possibility to realize their dreams. Only problem is, that these opportunities are place on their lap, but they either don't have the knowhow, persistence or maybe just get bored with the situation at hand and then, they simply don't see it through. I knew such a man...

This man I once knew was pretty resourceful. Ever since he was young he had this dream to travel the world. So, he looked for a career that would offer him that ticket. He liked music, opera in particular. He sang alright, but he soon realizes it would never gain him international acclaim. Knowing that singing was not going to fulfill that dream of his, he found a way to gather what money he could and traveled to a distant land.

Truth of the matter was, that this man was driven. He had his goals in mind and he was determined one way or another to get where he wanted. What he had going for him was that he was hard working, but that card playing risk taker of life always shadowed him. Yes, he gambled alright. But, it was strictly on life. Other people saw these qualities in him and he rose quickly in the ranks of the corporate world. And as destiny would have it, it allowed him the opportunity to fulfill his dream of traveling. In his travels he met all types of characters of the world of finance and trade. All of which suited him fine. Since these characters were now fulfilling his sense of adventure.
"
"I wanted to write a thing about this picture here since November last year. This picture here was published in TOI on 29th Nov 2009. Yes, 3 days after the 26/11 attacks on Mumbai... India rather. England Cricket team was on a tour of India.
You can see in the picture, England captain being guarded by a commando while the captain is on the street heading towards his Hotel I presume. Well the thing that strikes me is, What if a terrorist had tried shooting the Captain? The man in the 'line of fire' is not the captain but the Guard yo see in-front of him. The questions that hit me is, What creates this Difference in class? What makes the life of the Captain more precious than that of the guard?
The captain may be good with hitting the ball on a 'Life-friendly' playground. But the guard is also great with protecting lives, protecting nation with his accurate aim on the enemies. Leave the so called 'hero of a nation' on a battle field, he is helpless as a fly caught in a web. So the brain(in this case, the talent) is not a thing that differentiates. Is it that the captain wears an Adidas jacket and the guard a cheap military cloth? That the captain gets a thousand dollar haircut in fashion and the guard a home made one?
Both have their own occupations. Each specialized in their own skills. According to me, the commando here is a much more socially responsible person than the captain. So, what makes the captain's life more worthy than that of the commando? Imagine if both die in a terrorist attack. The death of the captain will be a great loss(world shock) for years. But no one will bother to remember the name of the commando except for their 'Below Poverty Line' family!!!"
"Sweden is in recession. Most companies and organisations are cutting down on their R&D and trimming external consultants. The whole media sector is experiencing disruptive changes, many of them are seeing their revenues dwindling.   I find it a bit strange that everybody in the established media sector seem to agree on:

There will be big turmoil in their markets due to internet and media digitalisation.
Nobody really knows what will happen or what will work in the near future.
And still they cut down on R&D!
It is as if they just hope that somebody else will come up with a working internet business model and they will be able to jump on that wagon when it starts moving and then everything will be fine again.

But hey, there will not be one or two internet business models replacing today’s media models.
There will be hundreds!

And we are now seeing just the beginning of the media industry disruption, it will get much worse soon.

But disruptive times have always created opportunities for those that see them, often people from outside the existing industries, people that are not hindered by “we have never done it like that before”, or “that won’t work”.

The way to create real innovation and progress in disruptive times is to gather a wild mix of creative people of all types and enable them to brainstorm and network. Add the low cost of developing and live test web apps these days and great stuff can evolve quickly!"
"The curse of a hurt man.... Hi, all… I do not appreciate personal blogs which are just related to the person writing but this time I cant help… I have to tell this… Please read it as far as you could….
Its midnight, I m somewhere between Thursday and Friday and undoubtedly one of the happiest guy. The reason is very very simple but quiet have a history of its own, SPS BULLS lost. Yes you heard me right, SPS BULLS lost and I m lot lot more happier than the guys who shot them down. Its an Oh I Say!!!! Moment for me, watching the game from far away, so far I do not have any idea of score and knew only when they lost but ah they lost… Nothing can get more gratifying then this….

Why do I need to be so happy, it had to happen. They were destined for the defeat and I knew it very early… earlier than this fixture was declared.. earlier than this tournament began, even earlier than last one…Once upon a time, when i was hurt, i was really hurt by many guys, i never showed any emotion, not even to myself in alone… But today i did… I laughed.. I screamed and if there exists a parallel universe, I want to console that boy who is alone, hurt, whose ego is bruised and who cannot do anything for it but to keep quiet… Time stood by me… You all see, time stood by my side and I m laughing with him over you assholes who always demanded without even thinking how much effort I ever put. Assholes who always wanted me to keep there words but never kept my smallest of feeling. Who were stars but never care how much my hands are burnt in this stardom. Don’t get me wrong, I never asked for credit but at least listen before discarding anyone hardwork just because it doesn’t fit to your moronism…
I don’t need credit, I had enough… But I can never forget the questions asked to me, especially by the boy whom I always took care about… He hurt me not the year ago but way before than that… when we were in 2nd year and he wounded me so much that I did what I never even thought of… it was shameful but I have no control over the fury I had within…. and we both knew it...

I don’t think anyone else than me would be interested in all the things I wrote but if you are still reading it means you could sense what I m talking about…

Exactly an year ago I had to face allegations, serious ones from the guys who do not know what a team mean, who have no idea how its made, and what it takes to keep a team alive. One of the mediator, Sandeep asked me, do i have any answer to these allegements, i then said i have 100 replies of their each question but i need not to answer a single of them, because i was million percent confident of their fate. i would have confirmed their doom that week itself but Sandeep f betrayed me and shamelessly unwrapped my mission of making a new team and its painfull.. more than you could ever imagine… They would have ate the dust there only but sandeep exposed it before time and I was ravaged…
You might be thinking we are here to study and why the hell should I take Cricket so seriously, but no, it was serious, more than even i could imagine and it was about how we live and how we think… but I m happy that serious cricket is over and my time with assholes too…
Now i m happily semi retire and play for warriors, a lovely team who listen me and even i never ever shown my face in practice and friendly matches but they want me in their team as far as i think. Cricket as a game is over for me and i play just to be with the guys who took me when other teams like Broomsticks refused to take me in their team. Anyways where the hell is Broomsticks ????


At last about SPS BULLS… i have many things to say but i don’t think anyone would be interested, you already had enough reading it till here and i cannot ask for more..
There dream of Major Tournament is over in 1st round and i advice to them is that none of you ever had strength of this major tournament… Try your luck in Super 6 in Fuera, I m not going to play that but my good wishes for that..

Those guys didn’t won a single game after, not a single game in the major tournament and stars of yesterdays are out in 2 consecutive tournaments in the 1st round….

1 year… 2 Tournament… 0 Wins…
Well Done Boys!!!! After all you did this without me….."
" Sous-Vide and Low-Temp Primer Part I
February 12th, 2010 · sous vide

posted by Dave Arnold 

We have had a lot of requests to make last week’s low-temp charts available for download. Here you go: 


Click here to download the sous vide charts.
We are often accused of being long-winded. Guilty. When we looked at the sous-vide primer, however, even we thought it was too long—so we decided to break it into parts. We hope to put out a new section every week (or so). This is how we plan on breaking it down:

I . Introduction to Low-Temperature Cooking and Sous-Vide (Today’s Installment)
II. Use and Abuse of the Vacuum Machine and Packing for Low-Temp Without the Vac
III. Vacuum Tricks
IV. Temperature Control and Safety
V. Cooking Meats and Poultry
VI. Cooking Fish
VII. Cooking Everything Else
Today we have the introduction. It provides an overview for everything else. There won’t be any specific applications or how-to’s in this section. That is for later.

Part I. Introduction to Low-Temperature Cooking and Sous-Vide

I. Getting the Terms Right
Low-Temperature Cooking Defined
Sous-Vide Defined
II. Some Uses and Advantages of Low Temperature Cooking
Uniform Cooking, Increased Consistency, and Shifting Control to the Chef
Shifting Work from Service to Prep (or from Party to Prep at Home)
Low-Temp for Insurance
Low-Temp for New and Novel Textures
Low-Temp for Increased Tenderness
III. Low Temperature Cooking Disadvantages
Surface Browning, the Maillard Reaction, and the Challenges of Low-Temperature Cooking
Uniformity of Texture
IV. Why do Chefs Use Sous Vide?
Sous-Vide for Economy
Storage
Organization
Sous-Vide for Effect
Texture Modification
Flash Pickling and Vacuum Marination
Forming
De-airing
I. GETTING THE TERMS RIGHT:

Sous-vide and low-temperature cooking are just two of the many techniques and processes that are revolutionizing modern cooking. Despite their growing popularity, many remain confused about the difference between low-temperature cooking and sous-vide—including equipment manufacturers. Between the two, low-temperature cooking is undoubtedly the more important.

Low-Temperature Cooking Defined:
Cooking low temperature does not mean cooking food to a lower internal temperature than is traditional. Low-temperature cooking refers to the temperature of the cooking medium, not the final temperature of the food being cooked. A rare steak has the same internal temperature whether cooked low-temperature or traditionally. Low temperature cooking is defined as any cooking procedure where the cooking temperature is at or close to the desired final internal temperature. There are two basic requirements for low-temperature cooking:

precise and accurate temperature control;
a cooking medium which conducts heat more efficiently and accurately than dry air. Water and water vapor are typical, but oil, stock, or any other liquid will work.
By way of example: to cook a steak to an internal temperature of 55°C (131°F), you could either sear it and put it in a 205°C (400°F) finishing oven till it reaches 55°C (131°F) (not low temperature cooking), or quickly sear it and throw it into an oil bath maintained at 55°C (131°F) (low temperature cooking but not sous-vide).

In traditional high-temperature cooking, the temperature of the cooking medium is almost never the same as the desired temperature of the food. That is, while your oven may be heated to 205°C (400°F), your fry oil can to 190°C (375°F), and poaching water to 100°C (212°F), a steak cooked in those mediums can only be considered rare when it reaches an internal temperature of 54°C (129°F). The difference between the desired final food temperature and the temperature of the cooking medium is referred to as temperature delta, or ΔT (pronounced “delta t,” the triangle is the Greek letter delta). You should just get used to referring to ΔT’s –like, “hey, you want that squab cooked to 56°C? Do you want to use a ΔT?”

Sous-Vide Defined:

In contrast, the simplest way to define sous-vide may be to refer to its French meaning, “under vacuum.” Anything associated with a vacuum machine is sous-vide. In restaurants, the sous-vide process usually (but not always) consists of:

placing products into impervious plastic bags
putting those bags under vacuum
heat sealing those bags
releasing the vacuum
further manipulating, processing, or storing
This is where it gets confusing: sous-vide techniques are often used for low temperature cooking, but not all sous-vide cooking is low-temperature cooking. The classic example of this is boil-in-bag meals. The cooking medium is boiling water—not low temperature. Yet, because there is a vacuum process involved, it is sous-vide. That said, sous-vide is very effective for low-temp cooking because food inside the bags neither dries out nor loses flavor during prolonged cooking if proper temperature is maintained. The vacuum bags also eliminate evaporation and evaporative cooling. The temperature of the food’s surface becomes identical to the cooking temperature after a short time.

Chefs and diners alike often confuse sous-vide and low-temperature cooking. Sous-vide must involve a vacuum process; but the food may be cooked at high or low temperatures. About 90% of what cooks want to achieve with low temperature cooking can be achieved without a vacuum.

II. SOME USES AND ADVANTAGES OF LOW TEMPERATURE COOKING:

Uniform Cooking, Increased Consistency, and Shifting Control to the Chef:


Traditional steak vs. low-temp steak.
Traditional cooking typically uses a high ΔT. Foods cooked in this manner display an overcooked portion on the exterior. Meat cooked at high temperatures does not have one level of doneness—it is tasted as an average, from the well-done exterior to the less cooked center. Low-temperature cooking is less forgiving, because there is no way to average out errors. In a steak cooked at a low ΔT, the steak retains the same temperature throughout. The difference of 2°C can make a large difference in texture when there is no averaging effect—you need good temperature control (The entire range of steak doneness, from rare to well-done, is only a matter of 14°C (25°F). Luckily, modern equipment easily gives us temperature control accurate down to a tenth of a degree, which means we can cook products extremely uniformly and get them right 100% of the time.

Uniformity can be a disadvantage—no one wants a giant piece of roast beef that is one color all the way across—but most of the time uniformity is an advantage because it leads to increases consistency. Your steaks will never be over or under –always just right. This advantage cannot be overstated, and it applies to restaurants or home cooks. Additionally, because the hard work of reaching the correct internal temperature is being regulated by an accurate piece of equipment, the responsibility for getting the product right is shifted away from the line cook towards the chef who is choosing the temperature and setting the machine.

Shifting Work from Service to Prep (or from Party to Prep at Home):

We can always make more prep time. Service is what service is. Any time we can shift work away from service towards prep we win. Many low temp techniques require more prep time than their traditional counterparts; but are blindingly fast to finish off at service time. The high speed finish derives from the fact that the food is pre-cooked and can be held warm and ready to go, only needing a few seconds of finishing time. Speed finishing is a boon to the home cook as well. Parties are a lot more fun when you can hang out with your guests and all your food is in perfect finish at the same time.

Low-Temp for Insurance:
Low-temp cooking can provide a type of cooking insurance by guaranteeing a minimum doneness. Here’s how:

1. Low temp your food to the rarest you want it. The food is now uniformly rare.
2. Cool the product completely.
3. Cook the product traditionally, but focus only on obtaining the perfect exterior because the middle is already cooked. You have insured that the inside is done.
Here are some examples of low-temp for insurance:

Roasts can be challenging. Often you get a good crust before the middle is done and then overcook the whole piece to bring up the center. Other times, you focus on getting the middle perfect but end up with a poor crust. Low-temp insurance fixes that. Low temp the roast till it is rare and cool it down. Put the roast in a high oven and pull it when the crust is perfect—you have already insured that the middle is done.
On a beef Wellington it is very difficult to insure that the puff pastry and the beef come out nicely at the same time. Usually the meat is overcooked or the pastry is too blond. With low-temp insurance you sear and pre-cook and cool your tenderloin and then wrap it in puff pastry. Now, you can turn your oven up and just focus on getting the pastry nice and brown since your meat is already cooked.
Sausages are often poached before being finished in a pan on the grill. This is high-temp cooking insurance. Instead, low temp-cook the sausages (60-62°C is usually good), then finish them on a grill or in the pan. The low-temp pre-cook doesn’t overcook the meat and rely on fat alone to provide juiciness.
Duck breast is best cooked with low-temp insurance. Pre-cook the breast to 57°C and cool it down. Then just focus on crispy skin.
Low-temp for insurance tends to produce items that have textures and appearances very close to traditionally cooked items, just better and more consistent. Because the products have a traditional feel, many cooks like this technique.

Low-Temp for New and Novel Textures:
Low-temperature cooking also allows for the production of some textures that were traditionally unattainable. Three examples:

Super-low temp fish: Fish heated at extremely low temperatures, around 50°C or (122°F) to an internal temperature of 42°C (107°F), has a dense, fudge-like or custard quality unattainable with high ΔT cooking. This type of cooking is controversial; many chefs dislike the texture attained with these methods, and some scientists believe the techniques are unsafe. Other chefs believe that the traditional cooking method overcooks fish and that the low-temperature method is best.
Low temperature braises: In a typical braise, meat with a lot of connective tissue is cooked at a high temperature for several hours. The high temperature and several hours is what is needed to break down the collagen into gelatin. This process overcooks the muscle and dries it out. Luckily, the gelatin re-moistens the overcooked meat and produces a delicious braise. When a meat is under-braised, it seems tough and dry because the collagen hasn’t melted into juicy, water holding gelatin. With low temperature cooking, however, we can hold a tough piece of meat at a very precise temperature for a very long time. If a short rib is held at 6o°C (140°F) it will maintain a lightly pink, medium-cooked color for days. The texture of the muscle fiber itself will also remain somewhat static. The connective tissue, on the other hand, won’t break down over the course of 3 or 4 hours at this temperature—you need to cook it for two full days. At the end of these two days, however, you will have a completely pink, completely tender short rib that is a dream to slice and portion.
Creamy egg yolks: When you heat a whole in-shell egg in water to 63°C (145°F), the yolk becomes creamy—not runny, not set. One degree lower is a runny yolk. One degree higher is a set yolk. The 63°C egg is a delight and completely impossible to make traditionally. More on eggs later.
Low-Temp for Increased Tenderness:

Low-temperature cooking can also produce meats that are more tender than normal. Enzymes responsible for some of the benefits of dry-aging meat increase activity as the temperature rises. These enzymes are most active right before they denature, between 49°C and 54.4°C (120°F and 129.9°F). Because low-temperature cooking allows meat to stay in this zone longer than traditional cooking, meat is more tender than normal. Traditionally, a large piece of meat heated for a long period of time, such as a roast, remains tender. Low-temperature cooking makes it possible for smaller pieces of meat to be held at these low temperatures for longer periods of time.

III. LOW TEMPERATURE COOKING DISADVANTAGES

Surface Browning, the Maillard Reaction, and the Challenges of Low-Temperature Cooking:

Low-temperature cooking does not produce crisp, flavorful, brown exteriors, which are usually obtained by cooking at high temperatures. Much of the artistry of low-temp cooking involves getting around this limitation. Some techniques include:

Using meaty, savory flavors like soy sauce and miso (both are high in umami).
Quick-searing meats for flavor either before they are cooked, right before they are served, or both. Quick-searing in low-temperature cooking is performed at a higher than normal temperature to develop a brown crust without overcooking the interior of the meat.
Browning bones, fat, inexpensive pieces of meat, or vegetables and putting them into the vacuum bag along with the main food before cooking. The savory notes of the added pieces permeate the food over time. Roasted fat is especially useful, as many of the characteristic flavors of different meats are generated by the taste of cooked and broken down fats.
Uniformity of Texture:

The biggest gripe people have with low-temp cooking is that the uniformity of texture. Some people say that all low temp food is “mushy.” While it is true that bad-low temp food is mushy, good low-temp food doesn’t have to be. One of the ways to guard against uniformity is to provide texture in the finishing step—usually by searing. Adding crunchy garnishes or cooking portions of the food separately to compensate for the lack of textural variety is another option. A chicken breast cooked sous-vide, for example, might be served with a piece of crispy fried chicken skin (although we have had good chicken this way, we find the skin served this way not as satisfying as good-old crispy skin that is still stuck to the chicken). Lastly, European chefs often cook with a moderate ΔT (usually 10-15 C) to “overcook” the outside of the food and provide some textural variation. Most Americans don’t cook this way because it require precise temperature measurement, precise timing, or both. Most Americans cook with 0 ΔT and add texture in the finishing step.

IV. WHY DO CHEFS USE SOUS-VIDE? SOUS-VIDE FOR ECONOMY AND SOUS-VIDE FOR EFFECT

Chefs may use sous-vide techniques and processes for a variety of reasons which roughly break down into two categories: sous-vide for economy and sous-vide for effect. The two approaches are not mutually exclusive, therefore it’s important to thoroughly understand both.

Sous-Vide For Economy:

Storage:

Traditionally, vacuum-packing has been used to enhance the storage life of cooked products. The bacteria that cause food spoilage need oxygen to survive. Since vacuum packaging removes all air (and therefore oxygen) from food, spoilage is slowed drastically if the proper steps are taken. Oxidation is also greatly reduced by utilizing vacuum-packing. Foods like cut apples and artichokes do not turn brown quickly in vacuum pouches. In long-term storage, vacuum bags can prevent the oxygen-produced rancidity of unsaturated fats. Low-moisture products like dehydrated fruit chips tend to stay crispy indefinitely in the low-moisture vacuum environment.

Unfortunately, some bacteria that cause illness (pathogens) are not inhibited by a lack of oxygen. In fact, some of the most dangerous bacteria thrive only in the absence of oxygen. If sous-vide products are kept in unsafe conditions, these pathogens can grow to dangerous levels without the simultaneous spoilage that would normally signal their presence. This is why it is important to adhere to safety rules when using sous-vide.

Organization:

Vacuum-packed pre-portioned foods are neat, sanitary, and easy to organize. Many portions of the same product can be fabricated at the same time and then sealed, which minimizes cross-contamination. The food is handled minimally before being placed in a sterile environment. Retrieving food is easy, and each portion is individually protected from spills and other dangers, such as a raw product dripping onto a cooked product.

Sous-Vide for Effect:

Recently, the unique properties of the sous-vide process have inspired a cooking movement that aims solely to increase the quality of food and achieve special culinary effects. Think of this as sous-vide for effect.

Texture Modification (aka Compression):

The key to this technique is long vacuuming to get all the air out of the inside of the food. After the food is sealed and the vacuum released, there is an immediate observable change in the product as the voids that used to contain air are compressed. On some products, the effects of compression are accentuated over time (pears become more translucent after several hours). This process can be accelerated by re-vacuuming the sealed bag until the bag inflates with water vapor and then releasing the vacuum.

Porous foods can have their texture and appearance radically modified by vacuum-packaging. Watermelon, for instance, becomes denser, changing from a mealy to a candy-like texture. Pears, cucumbers, and tomatoes become translucent.





Flash Pickling and Vacuum Marination:

Vacuum-packaging foods increases the uptake of flavorful liquids, brines, and colors. The more porous the item, the more dramatic the end results are. For example, a pear can be colored with port in an hour under vacuum. Cucumbers and other vegetables can be flash pickled in seconds. Meats can be brined in much less time than at atmospheric pressure.

Forming :

The pressure exerted by the atmosphere can be used to form dishes. Layers of food can be pressed extremely flat. Once removed from the bag, these compressed layers become easy to slice into beautiful portions. Food can be arranged as in a terrine, vacuumed, solidified, and sliced for decorative effects. Some effects formerly achieved with a simple mold and a weight can be achieved more easily with a vacuum machine.

De-airing :

When thick sauces and purées are blended, they often have large amounts of air whipped into them. Sometimes this air is undesirable. When chefs use modern thickeners and gelling agents, like xanthan gum, trapped air becomes a problem, as it affects the body of the sauce and its appearance (liquids with many air bubbles appear white and opaque). The thicker the sauce, the more difficult it is to remove air. Sauces that contain too much air can be made crystal clear by removing the air bubbles in a vacuum machine.

Any liquid can have all their bubbles removed in a vacuum machine. Place the liquid in an appropriately wide container (not a bag) inside the vacuum machine. If there is too much liquid in the container, the mixture will boil over and create a mess during the process. Close the chamber and introduce a vacuum; the liquid will start to rise and bubble. Soon after, the initial bubbles will break and the liquid will enter a rolling boil. At this point the vacuum can be released and the liquid will have cleared. This procedure is one scenario where there is no need to pre-chill the product being vacuumed because the desired outcome is to have the product boil."
Firstly,Surya as a father,yet another enthralling performance from his side.I can say,he has done complete justice to the role.His performance was upto the mark.The way he advices his son in various predicaments is awesome."JUST PURSUE WHAT YOUR HEART DESIRES"says it all.In short,a fantabulous performance. Secondly,Surya as a son,once again a cute,ebullient performance by Surya.The way he expresses his gratitude towards his father is really touching.I bet one cannot express his love as surya does.U could often see him being contemplative, in the story,which makes it even more appealing.In a nutshell,a stupendous performance. Thirdly,Simran,Surya's doting mother.Wht an enamouring voice??Needless to mention her versatility.The love she has on her husband and the affection she has on her son proves her versatility once again.She has really made her impact on the film.
Formal vs informal education »   My sister Mimi and I are opposite in many ways. She was a straight A student and I was a solid B student. She seemed to be able to focus and get through her schoolwork easily where I struggled.   My sister ended up with her choice of any university she wanted to go to and ended up first at Harvard and then at Stanford and is now in the midst of an academic career.   I, on the other hand, was unable to get into any of my first choice universities and ended up dropping out after a few years. I was later convinced to go back to university again by a well known physicist I was working with and dropped out again after becoming disillusioned with formal education as well as my ability to pay attention and learn anything. (I also discovered the amazing community that was the Chicago nightlife scene of the late 80s.)   I think it's fair to say that the most important thing that I learned in my formal education was touch typing in junior high school and possibly the importance of camaraderie and athletics during high school wrestling.   Despite my completely dysfunctional relationship with formal learning, I've been able to learn enough to run companies, give talks and be allowed to go to some of the same conferences as my sister.   I was talking to my sister whose research focus is learning and digital media. We were discussing formal learning versus informal learning and how I probably survived because I had the privilege of having access to smart people and mentors, the support of an understanding mother, an interest driven obsessive personality and access to the Internet. I completely agree that improving formal education and lowering dropout rates is extremely important, but I wonder how many people have personalities or interests that aren't really that suited for formal education, at least in its current form.  I wonder how many people there are like me who can't engage well with formal education, but don't have the mentors or access to the Internet and end up dropping out despite having a good formal education available to them. Is there a way to support and acknowledge the importance of informal learning and allow those of us who work better in interest and self-motivated learning to do so without the social stigma and lack of support that is currently associated with dropping out of formal education?   Or... is the answer to make formal education more flexible and capable of supporting a wider spectrum of types of learning to enable people like me to "make it through the system"? Oddly, as my informal education has finally started to reach limits in certain areas, I find myself increasingly reaching out to formal education institutions for the rigor and depth that I need to explore my areas of interest.
" The comments on any youtube video are many times the best part of that video. I wouldn't say that's the case with I AM DRUGS however. The talented folks involved in making these short, fake PSA's precludes them from low balling the viewer. That said, most of the vids in this series consistently get passed around, and every few months, a few of them receive another 20,000 or so hits seemingly over night. 

And when they do, the next day is like Christmas morning for us here at Drink at Work.

Based on the comments, it seems that perhaps 10% of the viewers understand the videos are a joke. The rest are fiercely angry at what they believe to be government anti-drug propaganda... or even better, the misinformation they claim we're sharing. 

Mostly it's the pot heads who get riled up, but lately the PCP crowd and the DM42 fans have been chiming in with their own personal experiences with these respective substances.


None of which matters. What does matter is that these people are insane, numerous, and love to have fights on our youtube vid comments sections. And here is some of that magic for you today"
"Black and white does not scare us. It’s the grey things that are scary. They are the ones that defy classification. They are the ones you want to classify as white, yet in your heart you know they could as well be black. What happened that day was a gray thing, a dark gray thing if you will. My native place is Paravaicheri which is a village about 50 Km south of Chennai. Almost every weekend I used to take a bus from Koyambedu bus stand at about 8 PM. I would reach my village at about 9 30 PM. I had to walk 2 km from the high way to reach my house. I had lived in the village for most of my life, till I came to Chennai to join college. I got a job in Chennai after finishing college. So effectively for almost four and half years I had undertaken this journey almost every weekend and there had never been any event of significance save for a couple of bus breakdowns. So that day, as I boarded the bus late at 9 PM, surprised to find it so empty, I had no reason to doubt that my journey was going to be any different this time. There were hardly seven people in the bus including the conductor and driver. I put on my headset and started listening to songs on my Sony Ericcson.  Two men who were sitting two rows ahead of me were conversing about whether or not the world will end in 2012. I increased the volume in my phone to tune out their voices. I closed my eyes after setting alarm for 10 PM. The constant roaring of the engine served as a perfect lullaby as I dozed off within five minutes, oblivious of the impending nightmare. I woke up with a disturbed feeling after ten minutes. I blinked. The interior of the bus was dark. And I noticed the glowing letters in the panel behind the driver:  I was amused that I had not noticed it before. It was pitch dark outside and it beat me why they would want to switch off the lights inside the bus. I saw that the two people in the seats two rows ahead of me were still. The rhythmic sound of the engine sounded lonelier than silence. I turned back to see the conductor and was shocked to see that he was in the seat behind me and his eyes were fixed on me and there was a smile pasted in his face. Yes, it was pasted because it did not grow or fade in intensity.  “Why are the lights switched off?” He did not seem to have heard me though I spoke from the seat in front of his. He kept staring into my eyes, his lips frozen in an eternal smile. There were green fields on either side of the road for as far as I could see. The green was barely visible in the moonlight though and The only light in the road was the bus’s head lights and the highway seemed to be deserted and no other vehicle passed in either direction. I looked out through the window and noticed there were no lights on the road either. I did not remember such a long stretch in the road without lights. And it was then that I noticed that the bus was going through a street, a muddy path and not a tar road. Now I would have definitely noticed it in all the years of travel.  “This bus goes to Thindivanam right?” I asked in panic. And I turned to see the conductor still smiling at me with resolve. I did not understand whether he was trying to be funny or something was wrong. I simply stood up and went up to the two people sitting two rows ahead of me. In the darkness of the bus, I could not see their face. I asked them the same question. One of them looked up. I took out my mobile phone to shine the light on him, but found it had switched off.   “Tell me a number between one and ten.” He said.  I blinked assuming I had heard him wrong.   “No. I was asking about the bus. Where does it go? I thought it went to Thindivanam.”  “Tell me a number between one and ten.” He repeated and every intonation in the sentence sounded just like it had when he asked the previous time. I kept looking at him wondering if he had teamed up with the conductor to play a prank on me. 
When he repeated the same sentence with exact same intonation of the syllables, I knew this wasn’t normal. "
Then arose a cry for equality, from men and women courageous enough to stand up to their oppressors. And then began a battle without. This battle was of little consequence until men and women of all types could set aside their differences and accept their humanity as their first identity, their equality as a matter of course. Slowly, the tides turned. People became more tolerant. And yet the battle was not won. It is not won. Often, equality has been confused with bland conformity, which resulted in socialist and marxist movements. Noble were their ideals and yet, as history has shown, they were doomed to fall. In hindsight, this is obvious, because every man and woman seeks to be different, to stand out from the crowd, to achieve a higher station in society, to be appreciated. At the same time, man strives for acceptance among his peers and in comes the necessity for conforming to social norms. In my opinion, neither extreme is likely to succeed.
"To Nine.
Thursday, 11 March 2010
It is three minutes to nine. Soon the pendulum will strike true west, and mark another hour washed into the abyss of lost time condemned to eternal waste. Still I sit here active in inaction; pondering over my seventeen inch prison bars taunting me with meaningless pixilation of lights.

Three minutes past nine. Six wasted minutes over three pointless sentences. Inspiration still hid behind the inexorable walls of Hadrian. The light of words-smiting lost behind barbarity of procrastination.

Six minutes past nine. I wonder about the curious day past. Predicate, Delegate; I am drowning in my own world of algorithmic hypnotism.

Tab, Tab, Enter, Type, Tab, Enter, Type, Tab, F5, Tab, Tab, Tab, Crash; eighteen minutes past nine and I am writing absolute nonsense.
Posted by Takaloy at 22:19 2 comments
Labels: Random
Tuesday, 9 March 2010
sanubari dimimpi tanpa haluan,
udah mengenang derita di hati,
riwayat rintis kehilang tujuan,
merintik irama yang sudah mati.
Posted by Takaloy at 23:07 0 comments
Labels: Poetry
The rose
Monday, 8 March 2010
beautiful beyond words and expression, but all I see is thorns.
Posted by Takaloy at 22:07 0 comments
Perhaps
Saturday, 6 March 2010
Spring might just be around the corner.
Posted by Takaloy at 18:01 0 comments
and lost again
Monday, 22 February 2010
""why do pride forever stop us taking words back,
why do we still chain ourselves to begone past?"""
"scammed!!!!   ok... this is what i want you to do... imagine with me here... it wont be hard, trust me…  you were tired, frustrated, so much that you almost gave a serious thought to becoming a hippie (also known as junkie in some cultures), but only got drunk and puked and lost all hope and you drowned in the alcohol swirl (you know what i mean, its hard to put that in words, i'm talking about the feeling where you feel like sleeping and wanting to stay awake and not say anything but talk to someone all at the same time, you know, yes you do... ). morning, woken up by a phone call (stay with me, the realization of the situation is necessary to justify what is gonna happen)... yes this is him...huh...""you have just been chosen to be the winner of a 1000$ gift card and that it'll be sent to you, just give your address for shipping""... shock, pause, brainwaves: could this be finally one of those moments when the stint of bad luck is over and the wheels have finally turned and the ""new day"" has dawned, and you say what the heck why not. If the situation was any different I would've analyzed the whole situation and observed the fact that she mentions that i was chosen in a draw conducted by VISA, the company that is on your credit card, of which i hold a debit card, and they already have my address on file, so why bother calling me n asking something which they should already know? But, as it turns out, $1000 is a pretty big amount, and its just address, what're they gonna do, send me a packet of Anthrax??!!!

Here, can i sleep now??!! No, you have also won along with it a subscription for 2 magazines every week, and you need to chose which magazines from a list of 60. Hmmm... ok... how bad can it be?!! I can always use some magazines, they look good in your bathroom, which also has a toilet, and a flush tank, with cover, over which you can keep them!! So what do you have!?? ESPN (sports, hmmm, a way to gain enough knowledge to stop those ManU fans in their tracks when they get offensive, which they always are, because they feel pity for the team that died, and think that they have somehow resurrected from ruins, and what not, sure they are on top of EPL, but thats because they have a lot more money, which is because of you (manU fans) !!), and National Geographic traveller (ooh, that'd be good, I can atleast learn about the places where I would go when I have enough money to buy Hawaii!!), GQ (now that was literally born to be in a bathroom!!!), etc etc (you thought I'm gonna list all 60 didn ya??) 

now wait a second and i'll connect ya to our sales department... sure... hi this is AssHole, how can i help ya... well i was connected by AssHole(female), (something you'll notice, these guys always make sure they mention their names, like they are very unique and somehow is a sign of gaining trust, hello sir, good morning, this is Ben, how can i help ya, well i feel so comfortable already that i want to ask if he is the ben from Ben 10??!!), and she was mentioning about some magazine n some gift card. Yes, i'd be glad to help you now, let me explain, you can chose 3 magazines every week, you just have to pay for the delivery, which is 3.45$ a week, and you can get the magazines for the next 60 months (5 yrs!!!), now to make your life easier, we will charge you 50$ every month for the next 20 months, and pay nothing for the next 40. Now i can go ahead and book your order right now, would you like to use a VISA or a MasterCard?!!

ok hold, i thought this was free, m not gonna give my credit card number to someone who just called me in the morning and promise to send me something, and ask for it, what did you say the name of your company is?!! Blue whale publications, me googling as soon as he said it, and sure enough, more scam alerts than a legit website... thank you sir for your offer, but i'll buy those magazines myself... 

This is a post intended to increase awareness, and protect your personal identity, and your money, and your sanity, and your account, and your money, oh i said that already... so thats all that you can save... 

Me in my last 6 months here in the United States have been either a victim of or was almost a victim of about 4 scams/mishaps. sure enough, m gonna put em all up, after all my biggest fans, Me n Myself, deserve to know about it...

PS: Nothing mentioned in this post is fictional...
"
UK to forbid Open WiFi – FON can help  As ZDNET reported, the UK government will not make an exception with its proposed Digital Economy Bill for public institutions offering “Open WiFi”. The Digital Economy Bill intends to crackdown on illegal downloads of copyright protected data. The bill suggests that ISPs could shut down a subscriber’s internet connection if the subscriber has repeatedly committed copyright infringement via his internet connection.   These penalties not only apply to individual subscribers, but also to institutions and businesses who leave their WiFi open to guests or members. This means, if a bar-owner leaves his WiFi open, and a customer accesses the internet and downloads content illegally, the bar owner will be held responsible. The ISP could even temporarily suspend the subscription. The same is true for libraries, universities and all kinds of shops. So, de facto, this would mean an end to open and unprotected WiFi in the UK.  That is bad news for anybody who wants to offer WiFi to their guests!  But, the good news is that FON can help!  FON service is unaffected by this bill as we comply with all the requirements of the UK government. FON does not offer open and anonymous WiFi access to the internet, but controls the access. Users who log on to FON need to be registered with FON. We know their identity confirmed by payment details such as credit card or phone number. We comply with all requirements of the UK Telco Regulation and collaborate with authorities if requested to identify copyright infringement cases. Just like other hotspot operators.  So, all a bar, café, shop or institution needs to do is use our Fonera WiFi router instead of an WiFi router with “open WiFi”. With a Fonera router, anyone can offer WiFi safely to their customers and not have to worry about copyright or other infringements. FON manages the access to the network.  The Fonera+ is available for purchase in the UK for just £29.95 at our FON Shop.
"Living a Purposeful life A pianist without a piano, a businessman without business, a coach without trainee, a temple without deity, food without nutrients, a music without rhythm, a book without knowledge and a life without purpose are same. They are not what they are. They looses their relevance.  When the river is bound between two banks and flow to its source, its a river and when the banks are dissolved and there is are no direction it become flood. Same resource which is so life supporting may become the cause of destruction to self and around. Isn't it! Same is the case when life force energy has no purpose and its wondering in this world its like flooded river, all over the places. Purpose is like banks which makes a river, river; similarly purpose makes life a LIFE!

If you look around you might find their are three kind of people to this reference
One- who doesn't bother about this topic, who doesn't care about having a purpose. For them life is eat, sleep, dance and die. For them life is routine everyday and life is driven by sensual requirement or sensual pleasures.
Two- who have some purpose in their life. They want to accomplish in this life.
Three- who have rose above this and know there is no purpose. We are here to celebrate the life, to be witness to the existence.

There is huge difference between the quality of consciousness of the first and third case. Sometime people get into conceptual knowledge and become inert, dull and lethargic saying that there is no purpose to this life, they are basically running away from outer dynamism which exhibit the selfless service with inner peace. To reach to this stage of selfless service one goes through the active dynamism which exhibits self-motivated goals (2nd stage). Most of time mind get stuck into the strong matrix (Maya) created by society or this world and start living in illusion of having a purpose which is nothing but conditioning given by society. For example when you say you want to be doctor because everybody is my class for medical school or you really want to be a doctor? or you want to get married because in society everybody is getting married or you really want to get married? You want to go for shopping why because everybody is going or you really want it? You want to earn money because you need money or everybody does that so you need to do? Do you see there is huge difference in actions also.

I remember a very interesting story which put some light about the discussion. Once the Creator of this creation thought enough of drama done. Lets dissolve this creation and universe. He called for a meeting and all creatures animals, plants, mosquitoes, butterflies, tiger, horses, cow, humans, billion of creatures, everybody came.
Then, He said, ""now I want to dissolve this creation since there is no purpose but before that I want to ask you all about your purpose. Do you want to share.""
Everybody said, ""YES."" 
Then He asked butterflies what is your purpose. 
Butterflies said we are here so that we can add color to this creation make the garden more beautiful. Everybody cheered. 
Then He asked flowers what is your purpose of existence. 
Flower replied so that I can add fragrance and beauty to existence. Again everybody clapped and cheered. 
Then He asked donkeys what is your purpose. 
Donkeys replied so that we can help humans to carry their weights we are useful for transportation. 
Same way God went around and ask all the creation and everybody added something or the other. Then He came to Humans and asked what is your purpose of existence and there was deep silence. No humans knew why they are here. They started asking each other do you know, do you know? When no answer came then God turned to other animals, plants and asked them do you what is the purpose of human being? Then everybody was shouting yes I know, yes I know, flowers were shouting yes we know why humans are here, river was saying yes I know why humans are here, even donkeys were telling yes I know why humans are here. And story end. Do you see what this story tell us. "
" Here's an idea that is just begging to be implemented as a Firefox extension.

You know how there's a while-you-type spell checker that's always on when you are editing text in a multi-line text box? There should be a feature that takes the last few words you're typing (or the entire current paragraph, or whatever works best), does a Google search, and presents snippets for the top few results in an unobtrusive pop-up window.

Sure, maybe you're thinking ""It looks like you're writing a letter. Do you want me to write it for you?"" (the Microsoft paperclip). But using web search instead of a fixed set of patterns could actually make this useful. Imagine the number of messages to customer support forums that will never have to be sent because this feature pops up the answer the user was looking for. And so on.

You might also think, ""this already exists, it's called Google auto-suggest."" But I specifically want it to work when I'm not (yet) actively searching, but just writing. (If it already existed, it might have stopped me from writing this blog post. :-) Twitter might also become a different place if users realized how many others have already entered the same item.

Of course there's a little privacy issue. But still, if this existed, I'd opt in! (In fact, I did half a dozen searches while I was typing this. How much easier it would be if I didn't have to select text, switch to a different tab, paste, and hit enter, losing my writing context each tim."
Scumbag. He would brook no protest or discussion, cutting us off with "This is not a theology class". Hope you read this someday. Your attempts at indoctrination were transparent to most of us- we used to discuss them after class. Don't get me wrong. I used to play the guitar in the choir daily, and on every Friday, join the boys' choir in singing praises to Christ. Somehow, in that seemingly nonsecular school, there was still a separation of Church and "state". That balance, of course, was changed by Mr. Easwaran. Suddenly, we had an authority figure teaching us the history of the world from the viewpoint of one religion. Even in an inherently Christian nation like the United States, a similar incident created such a furor. In multi-religious Hindu majority India, surprisingly, nobody heard about it. Not one person bothered. The same scene is being repeated in many Indian schools. Does it matter? Hinduism seems yet undecided on its stance on whether it is an organized religion or a way of life; whether it is an "it", in the sense of an ancient religion whose adherents are slowly being outnumbered in its last bastion, is still open to debate.
"Maiden Walk - Flow of the wind seemed to halt
It was a mere glance ready to waltz
Confused for a second,I asked a question
Are they her eyes or two oceans
Divine those eyelids envisaged being grace
Altered to lissome as they glimpsed my face


An hour has passed,with no moment to spare
Waiting for our buses with heart refusing to dare
Adorned dusk amplified by the dulcet rain
But I am in loss and those aqua drops in gain
Bestrewed was that coy face with water droplets
And those bare arms seemed eager to melt


Now my heart is nothing but a hostage
Was it almighty who set up this stage
My foot rebelled and I knew not the path
But I was ensconced in the alluring swath
Distance between us is now less than a feet
This visceral journey made me ready to greet


That angelic face is touched by my hand
And my lips are over her humble eyes
Being Witnessed by several constellation
We are now each others destination"
" Hey folks,

I have asked the kind people at GoComics to do away with the ANGRY EYEBROWS comic for good. Put simply, it was an experiment that just didn’t work out. I know this comes as disappointing news to a lot of you, but this year is all about trimming the bacon fat and parlaying my talents into projects that I can be excited about.

THE ANGRY EYEBROWS COMIC CONCERN is still something I’m interested in pursuing, but not as a gag-a day comic. The plan I have in mind would be more of a web portal highlighting the current comics I’m working on, including animation projects and iPod/iPad/iPhone apps.

Thanks for those who followed the short AE experiment. More things to come in 2010.

-FRS

"
After a busy few weeks I feel a little human again. Owlcon was pretty damn good this year. It's been a while since I've been very involved with gaming conventions so it was nice to actually run a game or two this year. My convention buddy, Marcel, didn't make it out with me this year. My dad had some time off from work and things just worked out that it fell on Owlcon weekend. While I was a little sad to not have him at Owlcon with me, it's nice knowing he enjoys spending time with my dad. I'm happy knowing he's getting to know just how great of guy my dad really is. He was slotted to run a game of Heroscape this year but I managed to wheel in all three bags by myself and tossed together a quick map that made more than a few people stop for picture or two. While I may have thought it a little sad compared to maps Marcel and I have built in the past, most people who saw it thought it was pretty neat. Next year will be massive. I'm going for height next year, and lots of roads.
How wasteful is life when you have nothing to do. How insincere one feels, how helpless and inadequate. One must keep doing. Does not matter whether it is big or small, just keep doing it. Someday someone shall recognize it. Credit is not what one would want to look for. The quality and intensity of the work is important. Credit becomes personal, individual. It shall remain within one, whereas the work done should be devoid of that individuality, should be more universal and all encompassing, including and identifiable with the common man or woman. For their benefit and well being. VK Murthy, the ace cinematographer has been awarded the Dada Sahib Phalke Award this year. The highest honor reserved for the film fraternity by the establishment. Generally and till now, mostly it has been given to decorate better known stars and directors, never a technician. But I do not consider myself worthy of his genius. His most important works I believe were in films made by another genius, Guru Dutt.
This may be a meandering ramble of a blog, because i don't know what to type today. Hope you all had a nice late december stressful family hell season, and that you got at least one present worth putting on ebay. Just been looking thru my comment moderation options, apparently people seem to think that because i write a blog, i should write something significant and useful. Well, knickers. My blog is extremely useful to someone who may perhaps need to read these words or die. Or if they need a website window open to maximize, covering the porn you were looking at when the missus walked in. So there.  Of course, the significance of this comment seems to have been ruined by the anonymous (obviously the same person) fuck you comments posted later. So, yeah, that's why i've got comment moderation. This really is gonna be a ramble blog... Hmmm... Oh, we had another baby and you probably already know that. She is megan and her favourite ps3 game is Stuntman Ignition, which entertains her more than a box full of vtech tat. SNOW! There was snow and it was fun. Then it was shit. Then it was ice and all the idiot drivers crashed their cars, then it was good again and we could leave the house. And that's the weather. I am eating mini cornish pasties. They don't appear to have any meat in them. They do have what seems to be plasterboard inside. And carrot. So that's one of my five a day.
" So I'm pretty obsessed with sharing. I used to be in the cult of beautiful objects and I would take photographs and go into a color darkroom and make giant c-prints.

Then I found flickr and my grandpa gave me his old digital camera and I started taking lots of pictures and sharing them. That was when I joined the legions of sharers. I got a major buzz when people left comments. I was hooked. I discovered Creative Commons and Open Source culture and the EFF became my personal heroes.

I shared video too, first it was personal stuff, like video tours around my Seattle apartment. Later I started sharing infrastructure for people to make things and that was really fun.

Now at MakerBot we're sharing a machine that you put together that is an object enabler. We share all the plans for it and set up a website called Thingiverse where folks can share their own digital designs for physical objects. It's my favorite thing to look at in the morning and see what new designs have been shared!

As a culture, we're figuring out that sharing is great. We're communicating and developing infrastructure like wildfire to find new ways to share our thoughts, ideas, designs, photos, videos, and pretty much anything you can think of.

I see sharing as the future of education. It used to be that in order to learn something you had to go to an institution. Now, because people are sharing how they do things and their knowledge on things, learning is often as easy as googling something."
" Hello I'm back.

My current weapon of choice is Java though.

The renderer supports:
median split BVH,
thin lens and pinhole camera models,
sphere and Triangle primitives,
naive path tracing with lambertian surfaces only,
rendering in a progressive manner.
Performance is not that bad. I designed it to take full advantage of the new feature of java called Escape Analysis, so I'm not reusing objects (what leads to ugly code btw.) but creating them like crazy.

What sucks though is that there is no 1.6.0_14 java for Mac OS X yet, but I've tested in on windows and it works very well.

Some first, naive path tracing, renderings:"
" Pressure Cooked Stock 2: Changing Pressures, Playing with Chemistry
January 27th, 2010 · Uncategorized

posted by Dave Arnold   

This is our second post on the benefits and pitfalls of pressure cooking stocks. See the first post here.   

We recently bought a fancy new pressure cooker, in which to do fancy new tests. It’s actually a pressure canner/sterilizer—which lets me work with higher volumes and with higher pressures. First we investigated which pressures are best for cooking chicken stock and veal stock.  Second,  we tested to see if we could increase flavor extraction by treating stocks with a strong base. This test was suggested  by our reader Schinderhannes,  and it turned out to be a doozy.  


Our fancy new pressure device, the All American Sterilizer, 25 quart.
A Brief Recap  

The right pressure cookers can make stocks that are superior to traditional stocks.  In our tests, pressure cookers that vent steam while cooking made stocks that were browner and had better aroma than traditional stocks—but they tasted worse, were less balanced, and were more muted than traditional stocks.  Pressure cookers that did NOT vent steam beat conventional stocks by all criteria.  I know, it’s counterintuitive that the vented pressure cooked stocks would have better aroma  but taste worse (wouldn’t the aroma have vented off?), but we verified our results with repeated blind tastings.   


Our Iwatani pressure cooker regulates pressure by venting steam. The gauge on the right is unreliable and cannot be trusted to regulate pressure.
It seems like pressure cooked stock should always beat traditional stock because: 

There isn’t much turbulence inside a pressure cooker, so cloudiness is reduced.
Higher extraction temperatures extract flavor more completely.
Higher temperatures encourage more delicious “high temp flavors,” such as the meaty flavors caused by increased protein breakdown.
The sealed pressure cooker should preserve volatiles.
Why venting pressure cookers underperform is still a mystery to me.  But they always do.

A Note on our New Pressure Cooker
The Wisconsin Aluminum Foundry Company (WAFCO) has been making the “All American” line of pressure canners since 1930. Their pressure canners are made entirely of aluminum and are usually big (up to 41 quarts). Pressure canners are designed primarily to sterilize jars and cans for home canning—not to cook in. The standard pressure canner regulates pressure with an adjustible weight, so once working pressure is reached, it vents steam—bad. You can make the weight heavier and use the very nice and accurate gauge to regulate pressure up to about 18 or 19 psi without venting, but to really go high-pressure you want a pressure sterilizer. Pressure sterilizers are used by dentists and tattoo artists; they are basically inexpensive autoclaves.  Our WAFCO canner converts to a sterilizer just by changing out the lid.   We have the 25 quart stovetop model.  


Sterilizer Top. The valve on the right can be flipped off and on to vent as desired, but won't leak steam till you hit 25 psi. Be careful. On sterilizers this valve is connected to a long tube inside the pot. If the tube is underwater, pressurized hot liquid will spray everywhere when the lid is vented.
The pressure sterilizer will not vent  steam unless you release the valve or take the unit above 24.5 psi. It is dead quiet. A regular pressure cooker at 15 psi reaches 250° F (121° C). My pressure sterilizer running at 24.5 psi reaches 266° F (130 ° C).   


The All American Sterilizer gauge. This gauge works. Here it is reading 24.5 psi which equals a blistering 266° F (130° C). Any more pressure and the sterilizer auto vents.
The 25 quart pot heats rather slowly, and it takes a while to get the hang of regulating pressure by adjusting the gas—I plan to build a temperature regulator soon. Be careful with the sterilizer. It has a tube on the bottom of the lid. If that tube goes under the surface of your cooking liquid, the vent valve will spray hot liquid when opened. In these tests we cooked our food in stainless bains that we put inside the pressure sterilizer.  

One quirky feature of these pots: they have a  metal-on-metal seal, with no rubber gasket.   


The All American sterilizers and pressure canners use an all-metal gasketless seal.
Test Number 1, Changing Pressures   

We ran this test on previously prepared stocks so we could eliminate ingredient variables.  The tests discussed in our first pressure post indicate that pressure cooking a previously prepared stock produces similar results to creating a stock entirely in the pressure cooker.   We treated white chicken stock and brown veal stock  in five different ways, as follows:   

Heat briefly on the stove (control 1).
Pressure cook in a venting pressure cooker at 15 psi for 30 minutes (control 2).
Pressure cook at 15 psi for 30 minutes.
Pressure cook at 20 psi for 30 minutes.
Pressure cook at 24 psi for 30 minutes.

Pressure tasting: Brown veal stock on top, white chicken stock on the bottom. 15 psi non-vented was the winner, followed by regular.
You can see that higher pressures = browner color.  Chicken and veal stocks reacted similarly at the same pressures, so I’ll discuss them together.  Confirming our previous results, stovetop was better than 15 psi vented, but not as good as 15 psi.  The aroma of 15 psi vented was superior to both stovetop and 15 psi unvented—bizzare. 20 psi had a good aroma, some thought better than 15 psi unvented, but its taste was muted.  The 24 psi stock was the brownest by far, but smelled and tasted dead.  We need to run tests between 0 and 15 psi to determine optimum pressure.  

Result:  15 psi non-vented chicken and veal stocks were the winners.  

Test Number 2, Adding Lye:   

This one gets a little weird. Friend of the blog and pro-chemist Schinderhannes suggested that we try to increase the meaty flavor of stocks by disrupting the proteins with a strong base (like sodium hydroxide, also known as lye), pressure cooking them, and neutralizing the base with a strong acid (like hydrochloric acid).   Don’t get freaked out, we aren’t serving this to people—it was just a test.  

There’s something very appealing about Shinderhannes’ proposal.   Lye ( NaOH) + Hydrochloric acid (HCl) combine to make water and table salt (H2O and NaCl).  The trick to not poisoning people is neutralizing the lye.  

We don’t have access to high grade lye, so we used this:  


100% lye drain cleaner. Lye is NaOH. Don't do this at home.
Don’t use this stuff.  I don’t want to hear about you getting hurt. Eating only a small crystal will do severe,  irreparable damage to your insides.  My doctor mom used to tell me horror stories of kids who came into the ER after eating drain cleaner. Anyway, we prepared two identical batches of chicken meat and water, added some 33% lye solution to one (we added 0.5% by weight NaOH to the stock), and pressure cooked them both for 45 minutes in a non-venting pressure cooker at 15 psi.  Here is what they looked like:  


Two pressure-cooked stocks, normal on the left, with added lye on the right.
The difference is pretty plain.  The lye stock is still poisonous at this point so we need to add hydrochloric acid to neutralize it.  Problem is, I can’t get pure hydrochloric acid, so I went to the hardware store for muriatic acid, which is fairly concentrated HCl, used to clean tiles.  We added enough HCl to get a neutral reading on our pH meter.  Look what happened:  


Pouring in acid to neutralize the lye-stock caused a weird precipitation reaction.
Whoa! The stock turned white and clouded up.  I tasted it to make sure it wasn’t poison.  It wasn’t.  Then we figured out how much salt to add to the normal stock to match the salt created in the lye stock acid base reaction.  


Our chemistry set: Muriatic Acid Tile Cleaner (HCl), 100% Lye Drain Cleaner Solution (NaOH). Kosher salt (NaCl), pH Meter, Buffer Solutions.
Here is Nastassia tasting them blind.  


Since the stocks looked very different we tasted with our eyes closed.
Well, the normal stock won.  The lye stock tasted a little weird.  The next day the lye stock looked even stranger:   


After resting overnight, the lye stock (on the right) had a bunch of goop floating in it and smelled of lye.
The stock on day 2 smelled and tasted strongly of lye.  I’m  guessing the lye was trapped in the precipitate that formed when we added the acid, and it leached out overnight.  The lye taste was still present after we got rid of the cloudy stuff in our centrifuge. 

All in all, not a ready-for-prime-time technique, but a fun experiment.

→ 30 CommentsTags:chicken·lye·pressure canner·pressure cooking·stocks·veal

Whole Fish à la Cooking Issues
January 21st, 2010 · Uncategorized

posted by Dave Arnold


Pretty picture of a fish in oil
Cooking a large whole fish is challenging.  It’s easy to overcook the outside, leave the inside raw, or both. This problem keeps cropping up for me. You see, my stepfather Gerard has three interests: drinking wine, smoking cigars, and  surf casting for striped bass. He’s an accomplished fisherman, and he catches nice big guys –36-40 inches — along the beaches of Cape Cod, whereupon he delivers them to me. When I cook for my family,  I like to cook family style. I want to serve a fish whole, and naturally I want to serve it fried. For years I just bent the suckers into a “U”, dusted them with flour, and chucked them in my deep fryer. They were good, but, truth be told, the outside was overdone and the inside wasn’t really done at all. No one noticed because I served pla pad prik style, with a generous amount of spicy Thai curry.  But Nils and I have worked out a better technique with the miracle of low temperature cooking (low-temp and sous-vide primer soon to come).

Many fish, like salmon and mackerel, don’t hold up well when cooked for a long time at low temperatures.  Their enzymes keep working while the fish is cooking, breaking down the muscle and making it mushy.  The same holds true for crustaceans.  Some of these fish also taste terrible when they’re cooked to safe bacteria-killing termperatures:  Salmon served warm, for example, shouldn’t be cooked much above 50 C for taste, but anything below 50 C is actually growing bacteria. Stripers, however, are made for low temp cooking. They don’t deteriorate in the 2.5 hours it takes to cook them low temp. and they do fine cooked all the way up to 57 C –a perfectly safe temperature. 

So how do you low-temp a striper?  They won’t fit in a vacuum machine and you don’t want to poach them.  A striper just fits into the wide roll foodsaver bags, and for a while this is how we cooked them.  I’ve been told that few things are more amusing than watching Nils and me try to get the foodsaver to vacuum the air out of a 42 inch long food saver bag that’s  bent into a U and full of fish and oil.   The “U” is a necessity: otherwise the fish won’t fit in the fryer.

One serendipidous day we had to cook a striper and we couldn’t locate any foodsaver bags — so we just filled our circulator bath with oil.  Easy, delicious, though more expensive (cause you need all that oil).  It’s our preferred method now, and here it is on a 40 inch striper:"
I did manage to pick up a new-but-old hobby. When Lana and I first got married we moved away to the far away land of Tennessee. I was just a newly promoted PV2, straight out of AIT, at my first duty station and neither of us knew anyone. Before we made friends with the people I worked with at the hospital, we found puzzles when we ventured out at 3am at Walmart. Looking back, it was really a pretty darn wonderful time. It was just us and we were both on my night shift schedule. We'd sleep all day and spend the whole evening together watching movies, playing scrabble, or putting puzzles together. On my off rotation we'd pack up and head out for three or four days and forget I was in the Army. I even have the Article 15 to prove it. Lana bought a big value pack of puzzles at Walmart for us to do as a family. We tackled the small one first. We moved on quickly to the 1,000 piece puzzle. While it may not be what some call fun, I enjoy it. It's especially fun when Lana scoots up on the other side of the table. It becomes marvelous curveball of fun when Marcel sits down. Maybe you don't get it, but that's okay cause I do.
"Be Professional..huh (ZeeK vs Aman) This is ZeeK...

Nowadays whenever I press F5, I discover a new Aman, a guy who on last refresh, was cursing someone where no one was their in vicinity and I m sure that on next refresh this guy is gonna kill someone (atleast professionally)..This someone is not a single personality but an entity that comprises some human faces, some computer peripherals and other things that froces me to press F5

I am a virtual existance, I dont know friendship but is it valid to say that ""being professional"" is better than being ""a close friend"" in terms of maintaining relationship with a person (a gal/ a guy..doesn't matter.)

As ZeeK, and continously watching Aman.. I wil say that ""If you are professional to a person, you CANT fight with him/her"".
I need 5 bucks and I have 2 options, First one is to ask a person, I know and I just talk to him (Obviously not about the problems I might be facing) or in other words this guy is not my ""close friend"" but we talk as ""so called friend"". (Can I say we are professionals??? ). The other option is to ask a friend of mine who has already given me more than 1000 bucks for my mess bill (which was given long back say 2 years back) and has not yet asked for that as he knwos that I wil retrun him one day.
I can straight away go to the later one and ask for money without thinking ne crap like illustrated here and their is no chance that this guy wil not give me money ( I meant, If he has, he wil give for sure) and most importantly I have to still retrun him 1000 instead of 1005.
What if I ask the former person for 5 bucks instead of the later personality? I again have almost full chance of getting the money but with an unsaid warning of owing the responsibility of returning it. If I dont return it, I wont b goin to jail but whenever I and this guy face each other, I ll (I think I ll) feel awkward!
I took that money for my personal use, I should retrun it. Being a professional I have to retrun it. If its a personal affair, I may not have to retrun it.
My friend will never ask money back, neither I ask money back from my friends but what if this is not a matter of 5 bucks, The matter is different (obviously something with higher value, may be something that cant be measured in terms of currency ) but the options remain the same. Do you human think that the later person is a good choice? I think the former should be the choice not only because you should be professional, but also ""you should not loose your friends"". You ask for help on second matter to a friend of yours and being a friend your friend tries to help you out and in return (in case) u cannot return!! The bond from ionic may turn to covalent depending upon your friend.
So Be Professional everywhere...

This is Aman...

ZeeK has gone crazy! I dont think I got any mental problems nowadays! Infact I feel the actual Aman is coming out of me, day by day, as I shout on some1 (the entity some1 ) I feel more of myself. From past few years I think I tried to modify myself but the original nature of mine is best suited for me. I think being short tempered is not bad at times.
Mr. ZeeK ... How can you be Professional to your GirlFriend / BoyFriend ????
Now that would be cheating.
I dont have ne ""so called girlfriend"" but i dont think that even if I have one in coming future (fortunately), I wil maintain a professional relationship rather than a personal relatinoship. I am not going to choose a girlfriend who wants me to be professional for instance, If I have a GF and she is my GF bcz I am a good teacher then I dont think that this will work out!..Their cant be professionalism involved here atleast!

What if your 5 bucks crap has two options as a gal whom you just know and the second one is your girlFriend ????
Ha! Be Professional and search for other girlfriend! *(depends on your gal although)

To be continued,...
Maabdaulat: I am gonna continue the topic ""Every Thing can be justified"""
" Shut Up And Bleed You Mother Fuc-!
Out in Utah the last few days working on the game. Some cool pics with a Sweet Tooth mask :)


Me and Scott Campbell (Eat Sleep Play co-founder/co-pres) posing with our boy's head. My understanding is a former Incognito employee made this for his Halloween costume back in the day. But this was the first time I'd ever seen it. It's so dang cool!


Me, being a dork :)



Me as dork, Part II :)

               
Close up of the mask. Nice detail!!!

Great weekend ya'll! I'm stuck inside tomorrow doing more work for our game. But I don't mind- game is going well so it's fun to keep cranking :). Plus, I'll spend a little time with War/Darksiders. Yes, I am STILL trying to finish it. I thought I was gonna do it last weekend but a little game called GOD OF WAR III hit my inbox and I played that all weekend (finished it too!...when is the last time I finished a game in 1-2 days?!? Probably it was ICO back in tha day!)...

Ok...take it easy, ya'll!

David 
POSTED BY DA CRIMINAL AT 3:14 PM
TUESDAY, MARCH 09, 2010

SUMMARY JUDGEMENT GRANTED



Motion for Summary Judgement Granted...you can read it here if you are so inclined.

Here is the Hollywood Reporter's take on the judgement. 


POSTED BY DA CRIMINAL AT 4:11 PM
SATURDAY, MARCH 06, 2010

GOD OF WAR III THOUGHTS SO FAR...
Playing GOD OF WAR 3 this weekend and really, really loving it.


But it being a great game aside, it is an AMAZING and RARE game design learning opportunity. To play a game based on your initial design formula that you had nothing to do with is eye opening! Because for the first time, I can actually see how the game/God Of War formula feels to a normal player! Before this, I could only go off reviews and player reactions and guesses in terms of gauging just what the game really was and how it felt to play. You can try to imagine that experience when you make the game but since you know it so intimately, you never really know what it feels like for a normal member of the audience. You never know how others are actually experiencing it. Now I get to see and know and experience that! What a very cool learning opportunity! 


I'll post my final thoughts on the game when I finish it (and once it's been out a bit) but I can say now that visually and production wise, I really don't think there has EVER been a game that has executed at this level! Presentation and production wise, this is a crazy ass bar raising simply staggering game! And the execution of the story telling process? Fucking fantastic (amazing opening credits)! Amazing job all around! NOTE: Not suggesting he new GOW doesn't add and change the formula- that's up to you to determine- I am just saying the original formula is still present as well and that is what I am talking about."
" 2. The lines between software, content and media are blurring. This has profound implications on system architecture and revenue models. There will be a prevalence of loosely connected services and MashUps versus tightly integrated software. Your system architecture and design has to accommodate that. We are seeing this today in the growing prevalence of SOA and S+S models (wikipedia these terms!).

3. The above fact fundamentally shifts the revenue model for applications. If your app is made up of disjointed heterogeneous services and content sourced (on-demand) from various entities, there is no longer a basis for a pre-determined cost for the service. The pricing and in turn, the revenue model will now rely on a lot of other factors such as usage, relevance and the all important ""Advertising"", especially if it will reduce the cost of the service to the consumer.

4. Like it or not, advertising is going to be the major revenue source for the new breed of internet based applications - it is a win win for both the parties (consumers and advertisers): The advertisers now see much better returns on their investments since they are reaching their ideal target demographic due to the self-selecting nature of the application and audience. The consumers are happy because a. their costs for use of the application or resource is subsidized or often completely free and b. they are served relevant advertisements for products and services that they may ACTUALLY be interested in given the context."
" What Traveling Has Taught Me About Money

Today’s guest post is from Kyle at OnOurOwnPath, who has been traveling with his wife for over 2 years with no plans of stopping.  If you wonder how they do it, read on…



Before my wife and I started being nomads, we weren’t really budget people. For instance, my idea of a budget would be looking at my checking account to make sure that it was above $0. Money came in, money went out. I didn’t really know where my money was going to half the time, I just new that I was being paid twice a month and that covered just about everything.

All of this changed, though, when we decided that we wanted to do extended world travel. Obviously, we would need the funds to start doing this, so we started saving money to be able to travel the world. And once we had this money saved, we didn’t want to go about blowing it on every thing that seemed like a good idea. If we did that, our trip would only last a few months.

So, we started being one of those people who keeps a meticulous budget. You know the type. We write down everything and then record it in a special budget spreadsheet complete with pie charts. Even when we pay 10 cents to use the toilet in Ecuador, we write it down. We then play with the numbers to see how much money we have left and what we could possibly do with it. Yes, we play with spreadsheets for fun.

The funny thing is that this is not a natural part of our personalities. Truthfully, I don’t think we could have done this if it weren’t for traveling. One of the unexpected side effects of being on the road has been what we’ve learned about our money.

Comfort is not expensive

We’re not the kind of super cheap travelers who sleep in a cockroach-infested hotel. Don’t get me wrong, we’ve stayed in places that I wouldn’t recommend to my parents, but we try to sleep in places that at least try to appear nice. What we’ve found, though, is that a little extra money goes a long way. For instance in Copacabana, Bolivia we stayed in an immaculate room overlooking Lake Titicaca that we would normally find out of our price range. To compensate for the extra cost while we were there, we decided to spend less money on doing “tourist” activities such as tours and more time just walking around and getting to know the area. As a result, we felt like we got to know the town better and had a wonderful time in the process. Of course, it also doesn’t hurt to wake up to the views of Lake Titicaca every morning.

On the contrary, we’ve also stayed in name-brand plush hotels which cost about 2-3 times a decent mid-range option. And what have we gotten for the extra price? So far, the only advantage that I can find for staying in plush hotels is that they give away better quality shampoo.

Spending should match priorities

Having a budget is all about making decisions. With only a limited amount of money to spent, we can’t do everything we want to do all the time. This makes us evaluate what our priorities are and spend our money according to these priorities. One of our priorities while traveling is to understand different cultures and interact with people in those cultures. So, accordingly, we try to spend our money on things that meet this priority instead of spending it on doing things like adventure activities, like white water rafting. We enjoy those activities as well, but it doesn’t compare to the 3 weeks of learning Spanish and living with a local family in Xela, Guatemala. Having the human connections with our host family and the ongoing connections that we made by speaking Spanish have far outweighed any eye candy that we’ve come across.

A Little Dose of Perspective Helps

If we’ve learned nothing else from traveling, it’s a sense of perspective. It’s hard for us to justify buying anything expensive when we know that the average Nicaraguan family could live off of that money for months. Just the fact that we can afford to even go to these places to see how other people live indicates that we’re not exactly strapped for cash.

So, when we do buy things, we try to buy them with our needs in mind. In the Andes of Ecuador, I needed to buy some long sleeves. Instead of trying to find a North Face store, for instance, I opted to get a locally made sweater less for than $10. Sure, the bright green fabric clashed with the rest of my clothes, but it served me well during my time in the high altitude.

Over the past 2 years on the road I can now say that being a budget-minded person is second nature for us. No matter where our path takes us, this habit will stick. It’s now apart of the fabric of who we are.

When it comes down to it, budgeting is truly not that hard when you can see the truly wonderful things that a little money can do. And we have travel to thank for allowing us to see that."
Each New Year, we wish others happiness and prosperity. What really is the sign of prosperity? There are several – a smile, contentment, freedom, the willingness to share, fearlessness and the trust and confidence that you will get what you need in life. Welcome the New Year with a genuine smile. As you flip the calendar, keep flipping your mind as well. Don’t fill your future dates with past events. Learn and unlearn from the past, and move on. You want to be free of greed, hatred, jealousy and all such imperfections. Understand that negative emotions are due to the past. Do not let the past affect your life in the present. If you cannot forgive the past, then your future will be miserable. This New Year make up with someone with whom you are not on good terms. Start life afresh. In the New Year, wish peace and prosperity for all. Do selfless service. Live your life well. Realise that your priority is to check violence in the world, free of domestic and societal violence. Make a resolution to do more good, help people in need and bring solace to those suffering. Whenever you are useful to people, merit will never be lost. Any good gesture or action of yours will always come back to you. Today you have the whole world for a family. That’s what you need to feel, that everybody is part of your own family. Take responsibility. Then there is no suffering. The spiritual dimension of life brings a great sense of belongingness, responsibility, compassion and caring for the whole world, for all life. In its truest form spirituality helps us overcome narrow boundaries of caste, creed, religion and nationality and gives you a broader awareness of life everywhere.Open your eyes and see how much you have been given. Focus on what you have rather than what you don’t have. The more grateful you are, the more will be given to you. Conversely, the more you complain, the more will be taken away from you. This is what Jesus Christ meant when he said, “Those who have will be given more; those who don’t give, and even what they have will be taken away from them.” With gratitude, reach out and help those who are less endowed. You will get much contentment when you serve selflessly. Then you realise that your problems aren’t so big after all. The biggest reason for mental depression is the constant refrain of the mind that says, “What about me?” This is a sign of lack of prosperity. Become free like a bird. Open your wings and learn to fly. This is something you have to experience within yourself. If you think you are in bondage, you will remain bound here. Be free. When will you experience freedom? After you die? Become free right now. Sit down and become contented. Spend some time in meditation and satsang. This not only calms your mind, your inner self becomes strong enough to deal with challenges. When the mind relaxes, the intellect becomes sharp. When the mind is loaded with ambitions and feverish desires, then the intellect loses its keenness. When intellect and observation are not sharp, life does not express itself fully. Ideas don’t flow properly and abilities diminish day by day. With this understanding, you step out of your narrow confines and that will solve many of the problems in your life. When you are centred, there is happiness always. With this calmness, talents arise naturally. Intuition comes, beauty comes, peace comes; Love springs up. Prosperity comes.
" Getting Motivated
Posted by Scott on Mar 12, 2010 in Marketing
Today I am presenting you with the opportunity for motivation. Opportunity may knock, but it’s never going to beat down the door with a battering ram, so you better be listening for the knock. I am going to ask you give yourself a motivational test today, and once a week for the next month. This is opportunity knocking and I need you to be motivated enough to open the door and let it in. Now you know in your mind that the opportunity that’s knocking will require you to work, right? Don’t play the “I’m going to play like no one is home” routine because opportunity will not come back to you again. Getting motivated to do something is not an easy task, and for many of us it does not come naturally. Would it be easier for you if I gave you some atta-boy’s right off the bat? You are a valuable photographer. People in your community place a lot of value in your work. When your clients think of their most valuable possession in their home, the art and memories that you created for them are at the top of their list. OK ego’s stroked enough because my wrist is getting tired… Seriously now the word “value” is an important description of you and your work. The more valuable you are to your clients the more money you get to earn. Notice the word “earn” You are earning a living as a photographer.  I am always preaching about identifying your top clients and getting into their networks of family and friends.  Well this time I want you to identify the top clients of yours that really believe in your value to them.  They are going to be your best evangelists.  Many photographers have developed a wishbone where  there spine is supposed to be.  I wish, I wish, I wish… but never an “I really put my back into it and worked hard to accomplish ______”  Too much wishy washy crap going on in our industry.  If you want to stroke something three times and make a wish I’ll give you something to stroke… Probably not the results your hoping for though.  You are never going to win an award for mediocrity so stop trying to.  Look for client trends in your studio.  Where are my best clients from?  Who sent them?  Where can I reach more people like them? I am telling you this stuff works, but it takes some effort at first but trust me it will become effortless in the future.  Every day I hear from photographers that are struggling in this industry but 95% of them are like the fat guy ordering a Big Mac and a Diet coke but wondering why he is not loosing weight.  Working on yourself first and your business second will get you so much further in life.  You are the tool, and the business is what you create with that tool. (not to be confused with “you are a tool” that’s something else)  Being motivated will allow you to focus and accomplish so much more with your business.   Here is the simple test, print this out and keep it on your desk.
If I were motivated to improve my life, I would be more ______________________ (insert answer) Fit, reliable, happy, successful, etc…. Insert as many as you want.  Put the most important ones first.
If I were motivated to improve my life, I would have more ____________________
If I were motivated to improve my life, my business would be more _________________________
If I were motivated to improve my life, what could I offer to others that I’m not offering now ______________________
I will commit myself to being happier and more motivated.
I will take specific actions in my life towards obtaining the items listed above.
I wish no more…. This week I will complete __________________ (Insert a task you have been wanting to do) 
Join me on our 30 days for change.  Fill this out once a week and see if some of your answers change or move positions in the lists.   (your weekly tasks better change)    I know many of you have tons of things that you have been putting off doing, that you know you need to do.  You spend more time thinking about not doing those tasks than it probably actually takes just to do them.  I’m not just preaching to the choir here I too need to get my act in gear on several things that I keep putting off because I’m not motivated to complete them.  I am highly motivates towards certain things, but I have an unmotivated bag that I seem to carry around.  I keep putting crap in it that I don’t want to do until it’s full and I can’t close it anymore.  It’s my man purse!  (metaphorically speaking of course) and it’s filled with a bunch of little things that I am going to do.  I don’t know if this will inspire anyone or if it was just good for me to put this challenge out there.  Redefine your life right now.  What do you want and how do your want it?  Now how are you going to get it?  A race is never won if you never take the first step.  Today is your first step…. Maybe you won’t win but I hope you at least reach the finish line. 
I want you to be a quitter!  Some people say never quit, never give up… Blah blah blah….  Quit procrastinating, quit smoking, quit eating crap, quit thinking negativly, quit all kinds of bad stuff and start replacing it with the good stuff. 
I can’t light a fire under anyone to get them motivated, they have to pull out their wick and light it themselves.  I can pass the lit match to you, but you have to take it from there.  Now go lite your little wick. "
"  had a very enjoyable debate with Avner Rosen of Boxee yesterday at SXSW.  We tended to go around in circles defending our positions. His (to paraphase): the internet will do what cable and satellite do, but it will do it better. That MicroSoft and Apple among others will in the future come up with new ways to do it all better than we can now.

Mine: Of course the internet can support video, but it cant do it as well as the current digital cable and satellite distributors can, nor is there a profit model that would ever incent content providers to switch their content from the internet to TV.

I wont rehash it all here, but the most salient comment came from the audience when someone asked “Whats the difference if the gatekeeper MicroSoft/Google/Apple rather than Comcast/Time Warner/Directv/Dish ?”

Of course the questioner was right.

Bits are bits . The economics of content are going to search for the best place to be monetized, regardless of the delivery platform.  I think the current model will be the place content finds, Avner seemed to feel it would be some future internet.

It shouldn’t matter.

We both seemed to agree that one of the biggest future changes for the internet will be an increase in bandwidth. The question the needs to be answered is “how will all the new bandwidth, both on the backbone and in the last mile be used ?”"
"Osama going Green!  Al Qaida leader Osama Bin Laden has called in a new audiotape for the world to boycott American goods and the US dollar, blaming the United States and other industrialized countries for global warming.
In the tape, Bin Laden warns of the dangers of Climate change and says that the way to it is to bring ""the wheels of the American economy"" to a halt.

Wow! So now the ""World's Most Wanted"" man is also talking about Global Warming - now that sounds interestingly ironical to me. He is the same person who masterminded the 9/11 attacks, killing around 3000 people!! He has also been linked with numerous terrorist activities across the world. So is it right on his part to talk about Global Warming?

Showing concern for the future generations after all the atrocities that he has committed in the past... talk about hypocrisy...

Everything said, i am quite excited about doing an intensive research on global warming in quest for its authenticity. Expect a post on it latest by Monday.

love,
Siddharth
"
" I set out to write an article about the unique features of XNA Game Studio on Windows Phone 7 Series, but while trying to populate my outline, I realized, wow, there actually aren’t many things different about Game Studio 4.0 on the phone compared to Windows and Xbox 360! That’s bad news for this article, but I think good news for our platform as a whole. With Game Studio 4.0, we made a concerted effort to increase portability and consistency across our target platforms.

In some areas it was obvious how to achieve consistency. For instance, Windows Phone 7 Series includes a Zune media client, so we could port our existing Zune media APIs. Input is similarly straightforward. If you only want to access a single touch point, you can use our existing Mouse API. If you need multitouch (the phone supports four simultaneous touches), you can use an API similar to what we previously shipped for Zune HD. This touch API works on Windows 7 PCs with multitouch displays, too.

Other areas, especially graphics, were more challenging to design. Had we just ported the Game Studio 3.1 graphics API, we would have been left with a confusing mess of non-overlapping caps that would make it hard to port code between Windows, Xbox, and the phone. But we didn’t want to force a lowest common denominator approach: it would make no sense to limit Xbox 360 games to only those features which are also available on mobile hardware!"
"Action Life is all about our own actions.

Actions are , ""each and every"" thing we do.Actions are the result of composition of different things, such as ""Condition"", ""Choice"" , "" Habit"", which favour the final action. Every individual action depends upon these three things. People will do the things if its their habit, or if the condition is favouring them to do so or if its the choice they have made for themselves for their good. So one person can admire you and another can be a person who treats you bad, or irritates you, does something wrong, will be considered as a bad person. But he is acting according to his condition, habit and mostly choice. According to him he is as good as Shri Rama in Ramayana. So all good and bad things are perspective.

Every thing in this world depends upon the action. One's action can create some condition for another. One can regret about his own action. For doing any action, condition cant be changed , habit can only be change forcefully, but one can make right choice in perspective of everyone so that there will be no need of regretting for our own action.well, in the end I want to say that I was thinking to write a blog from long time which is turned into ""action"", because I was dying to ... ;) another factor of edmitting an action ;)"
No matter what you think of Twitter, you can't ignore the stats and the adoption rates and all those unique view statistics that you can find on Mashable. It's a growing phenomenon that is moving so fast that it can give you whiplash. Yes, Twitter is now up to about 14 million Unique views in the month of March. Anything with this much momentum and views is a gold-mine. So what's up with Twitter for me? I have been able to come across the most diverse and unique data when using search.twitter.com. This is a very different search engine when compared to google search. It's a way to scrape for keywords in the twittersphere, a sampling of what people are talking about at the moment vs. data mining tons of html that is quickly becoming out of date. If I'm attending GDC, I'm not going to search google for "GDC '09" and expect to find out what is going on right now. Immediately I reach for search.twitter.com. or to shipping Dead Space we provided a bunch of "pre-released" copies of the game to certain people in the industry. I started searching twitter for "dead space" and utilizing the results. I would get things like "@jimmygameplayer I've just started playing Dead Space and will hope to have a review soon." 
" 5. TRAFFIC is critical. Due to the earlier point, scale becomes much more important - if you are an advertiser, wouldn't you rather go to the vendor that has aggregated a lot more content and traffic than a relatively smallish site (unless of course it is a niche site and you are in that market)? Therefore, we see the emergence all sorts of sites and services such as technorati, digg, etc. that do not product produce any substantial content on their own, but serve to index and aggregate the other content on the web to drive traffic to their sites. Seen in this context, the Microsoft Yahoo merger makes a lot of sense. Together, Microsoft and Yahoo! accounted for 15.6% of all U.S. Internet visits for the week ending Jan. 26. In the same period, Google's share was 7.7%.

6. Relevance drives Traffic. Web search engines are the ultimate example of this fact. Often, the most advertising dollars go to those services that can accurately and comprehensively aggregate and serve out relevant resources to consumers. Relevance drives traffic, relevant traffic drives advertising, advertising drives revenue. Revenue drives profits. Profits mean that you can kick back and sip pina coladas without having to work 80 hour weeks and read blogs like this one!!"
"Auto Mafia - A report from the Indian Express.  Ever wondered as to why the Dilli autowallah's overcharge so much? I happen to stumble on this article in the Indian Express which explores the existence of auto-mafia in Delhi. Its an eye-opener.

THE Centre's Environment Pollution (Prevention and Control) Authority (EPCA) wants the Supreme Court to lift its 12-year-old freeze on granting fresh permits to auto-rickshaws.
The EPCA believes this ban has `pushed' the public transport system into the hands of the financier mafia.

On September 16, 1997, the Supreme Court had ordered that only 55,000 autos could run on Delhi's roads. A new vehicle could only be introduced as a replacement. In such cases, the permit passes on from the old to the new.

Since permits are so much in demand, original permit holders have begun to sell them to financiers and middlemen.These men,who have formed a cartel and dominate the auto market,sell the vehicle and the accompanying permit for a premium. While the showroom price of an auto is Rs 1.25 lakh, the financiers charge Rs 4.5 lakh.

The vicious cycle continues.

The owner rents out the auto at a high price to the driver, who then ends up overcharging customers. The EPCA -set up in 1998 by the Ministry of Environment and Forests to monitor pollution levels -made its observations on the auto scenario in its 34th report, presented on Friday before the apex court's Special Bench of three judges, headed by Chief Justice of India K G Balakrishnan.
The EPCA stated: ""Removal of the cap will help eliminate the dominating hold of the `financier mafia' who are exploiting not only the auto drivers but also the general public by pushing up artificially the capital cost of three wheelers, and hence the operational cost."" If more autos are allowed to ply, an owner can bypass financiers and directly approach the government for a permit. ""The financiers buy the TSRs (autos) and farm them out. There is no information as to the owner or the driver,"" senior advocate and amicus curiae Harish Salve, who presented the report before the court, said on Friday.

The committee's findings were arrived at after a series of consultations with the Delhi government's Transport department, the Delhi Police, associations and manufacturers of three-wheelers, the Delhi government's Weights and Measures department, the Delhi Finance Corporation and the representatives of private financiers and the Automobile Research Association of India (ARAI).

The EPCA explained how the mafia-controlled TSR transport mechanism has led to an increase in pollution levels too. ""A bulk of the vehicles (TSRs)onroad are owned by a limited number of people who rent these to drivers on a charge of around Rs 250 to Rs 300for a night-hourshift.The driver pays for the CNG fuel and minor repairs, which adds to the tendency to cut costs,"" the committee said.

The EPCA report also mentions how growing traffic congestion eats into the daily bread of drivers, who are forced to lose their chance to drive the vehicle the next day if they do not earn a substantial daily amount.

The EPCA has also said that the `smart card' system -- a smart card would have replaced the permit and carried detailed information on the owner and driver of an auto - has failed to takeoff.Repeated ads and public announcements elicit no response, the EPCA states.

""In spite of all the efforts of the Transport department to improve the registration database,the system is in bad shape.The addresses of(both owners and drivers)are not clear;ownership information is difficult to transcribe.It is alleged the ownership is concentrated in the hands of the financier mafia,"" the committee said.

The EPCA recommended the cap on autos be removed so that the government can develop TSRs as ""intermediate public transport vehicles"" meant to provide ""last-mile connectivity"" to commuters in the city.

love,

Siddharth

PS. If you have a link on any interesting article, let me know. Will be glad to post it on the blog."
"GOD should have been an Engineer!! -   The World and The Software Developmnet Life Cycle!!

God made this world in 5 days.... Ever wondered how??


If God was able to make us and everything else in 5 days, why do software engineers have to devote so much time in developing a simple system which is infinitesimally small compared to this planet?

""GOD , for one , did not have any installed base to worry about upward integration and compatibility . No platform dependency.....

and I'm guessing he skipped most part of documentation also.....""

No wonder He ended up with such a mess.

Maybe if GOD had followed SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle), maybe the earth woul have been a better place to live in.

P.S : I'm also sure that GOD used some Open Source Technology under the EULA Liscencing and the copyleft standards which explains so many versions of the same species all around us!! ;-)

Well, GOD should have taken Computer Science Engineering. And if he did take it... he should have paid attention in class.

So.... Now gotta get back to work... have to complete the documentation for my project... bye!!!"
" Pretend to be a Time Traveler Day: this Weekend!
Thursday, September 10th, 2009
Howdy folks, I know it’s a little late notice but PTTBATTD has moved to September 12, though I think we’ll still have a December iteration as in previous years.  If you live in Portland, OR, though, you’re in for a treat! I’ve teamed up with Drunken Rampage and they’ve organized a fantastic even this Saturday where we time travelers will be dominating a good section of Northwest.  Everyone’s invited to participate; we’ve got some great challenges and events lined up, as well as a good few bars to hide out in after the normals are spooked.  Also, there will be several time traveler tour groups, one of which will be led by yours truly.

If this sound interesting, check out the site for more details.  Even if you’re not in Portland, you are encouraged to pretend to be a time traveler wherever you might confuse people.  For new folks, here are the classical rules:

Pretend to be a Time Traveler Day

You must spend the entire day in costume and character. The only rule is that you cannot actually tell anyone that you are a time traveler. Other than that, anything’s game.

There are three possible options:

1) Utopian/cliché Future - “If the Future did a documentary of the last fifty years, this is how badly the reenactors would dress.” Think Star Trek: TNG or the Time Travelers from Hob. Ever see how the society in Futurama sees the 20th century? Run with it. Your job is to dress with moderately anachronistic clothing and speak in slang from varying decades. Here are some good starters:

- Greet people by referring to things that don’t yet exist or haven’t existed for a long time. Example: “Have you penetrated the atmosphere lately?” “What spectrum will today’s broadcast be in?” and “Your king must be a kindly soul!”

- Show extreme ignorance in operating regular technology. Pay phones should be a complete mystery (try placing the receiver in odd places). Chuckle knowingly at cell phones.

2) Dystopian Future - This one offers a little more flexibility. It can be any kind of future from Terminator to Freejack. The important thing to remember is dress like a crazy person with armor. Black spray painted football pads, high tech visors, torn up trenchcoats and maybe even some dirt here or there. Remember, dystopian future travelers are very startled that they’ve gone back in time. Some starters:

- If you go the “prisoner who’s escaped the future” try shaving your head and putting a barcode on the back of your neck. Then stagger around and stare at the sky, as if you’ve never seen it before.

- Walk up to random people and say “WHAT YEAR IS THIS?” and when they tell you, get quiet and then say “Then there’s still time!” and run off.

- Stand in front of a statue (any statue, really), fall to your knees, and yell “NOOOOOOOOO”

- Stare at newspaper headlines and look astonished.

- Take some trinket with you (it can be anything really), hand it to some stranger, along with a phone number and say “In thirty years dial this number. You’ll know what to do after that.” Then slip away.

2) The Past - This one is more for beginners. Basically dress in period clothing (preferably Victorian era) and stagger around amazed at everything. Since the culture’s set in place already, you have more of a template to work off of. Some pointers:

- Airplanes are terrifying. Also, carry on conversations with televisions for a while.

- Discover and become obsessed with one trivial aspect of technology, like automatic grocery doors. Stay there for hours playing with it.

- Be generally terrified of people who are dressed immodestly compared to your era. Tattoos and shorts on women are especially scary."
"What to do! After meeting lots of people  in last few days i came to some conclusion. In this professional world that we all ""live"" in, the cut throat competition that we have been exposed to, has made our lives so miserable that it needs immediate attention. Moreover, the irony is, no one seems to be alarmed. With this viscious cycle continuing there is virtually no future! or atleast nothing that i can think of.

This mad mad race, winning at all cost,  is taking a hefty toll on one's own personal life as well. People are less happy with what they are getting and more sad for what other are getting!! I mean one should be concerned about him/her self more then the others.

Sad some of my few friends have also got this virus, i am trying hard to explain to them that please do not get into all this. Life is different and do not mess it up just by living it how others wanted you to. Don't live somebody else's life!

Sad...but true...many people have no idea what they will be doing tomorrow? Leave tomorrow they don't have idea about today!!"
" 1. They appear different to different eyes:

Visit two homes, perhaps in the same street, in which there is similar trouble—sickness, or bereavement, or failure in business, or sore poverty. In one, all is gloom, repining, comfortless perplexity. In the other, there is light in the darkness, a rainbow on the storm.

To one sufferer God’s ways are hard, dark, mysterious; he is even ready to think them unjust. The other says, “I could not bear it in my own strength, but the Lord stands by me and strengthens me. God’s will must be right. He cannot make mistakes or be unfaithful. He is my Refuge and Strength.” So with God’s government of the world and general providence. One mind fastens on the pain, sorrow, calamity, which every hour records—pestilence, earthquake, tempest, and so forth. Another sees that the universal design and general working of all natural laws is for good and happiness, not evil; that the main part of human suffering has its root in sin; that “the earth is full of the goodness of the Lord;” and trusts God for the rest.

2. God’s dealings not only appear different; they are and must be different, according to the temper and attitude of our souls. To the soul that bows under God’s hand, trusts his Word, clings closer to him in trial, it is “chastening”—full of mercy, rich in result (Heb. 12:6, etc.). The proud, stubborn heart, that resents and rebels against affliction, is hardened by it, like Pharaoh."
When I was in Barcelona with SIME on May 21, I had the chance to meet a veteran, well acclaimed journalist, Jennifer L. Schenker who is one of the industry’s most respected commentators with over 30 years working for leading publications like TIME Magazine, the International Herald Tribune and Red Herring. Since less than a year she runs her own venture, Informillo.com. And she claimed that bloggers are not journalists. She felt journalism is more about reporting facts and connecting information together without any personal bias, and blogging involves more of the personal factor, and is most of the times personal opinion more than information per se. Some how I felt that bloggers are journalists too since news events are first broken out in the blogs (and micro blogs now) too, and generally digg which could be a decent indicator of things that are on the top of the web mesh for the day predominantly features blogs along with news sites. And when you dig deeper, the word journalist encompasses both a columnist and a reporter. So probably blogging is all about being a columnist, but what happens if you include video bloggers? They interview people and spread information / news too. The intersection between traditional and new media is a grey area, and at least the pundits of the English language would not be a great fan of the cross pollination of the terms and usage.
" The American tradition of tinkering -- the spark for inventions from the telephone to the Apple computer -- is making a comeback, boosted by renewed interest in hands-on work amid the economic crisis and falling prices of high-tech tools and materials.

The modern milling machine, able to shape metal with hairbreadth precision, revolutionized industry. Blake Sessions has one in his dorm room, tucked under the shelf with the peanut butter on it.

The Massachusetts Institute of Technology junior has been using the mill to make prototypes for a bicycle-sprocket business he's planning. He bolts down a piece of aluminum plate, steps to his desk and, from his computer, sets the machine in motion.
Tinkering With Technology

Jason Euren, an anthropology student at the New School University in Manhattan, worked with a soldering kit at the Brooklyn hackerspace Resistor recently.

""It's kind of a ridiculous thing to have,"" says Mr. Sessions, 20 years old. But ""in today's marketplace you can't only offer a technical aptitude. You have to be able to provide something more.""

Occupying a space somewhere between shop class and the computer lab, the new tinkerers are making everything from devices that Twitter how much beer is left in a keg to robots that assist doctors. The experimentation is even creating companies. With innovation a prime factor in driving economic growth, and corporate research and development spending tepid, the marriage of brains and brawn offers one hopeful glimmer."
" Another marriage ruined by the gays

Clearly gays getting married in other states has ruined Charlie's marriage to the point that he is not even interested in spending his anniversary with his wife. This is why marriage equality must be stopped.

The Broward Palm Beach News has been checking in on political lovebirds Charlie Crist and Carole Rome:

A Crist-Miss Story: Florida's First Couple Celebrates First Anniversary... Separately:
Crist still followed through with the marriage, of course, but in the year since, the pair have rarely been seen together. Most recently, Crist spent the evening of their first anniversary in Palm Beach's Mar-a-Lago at a March of Dimes fundraiser, with wife Carole nowhere in sight, according to page2live.com.

This after a year in which Rome bounced between visits to her kids in New York and her home on Fisher Island, while Crist stayed in Tallahassee or his home in Tampa Bay. Remember, Crist worked right through the couple's honeymoon.

But come on! The first anniversary? You two aren't even trying anymore. And why should you? If Crist is gay -- or if he's just a commitment-phobic straight guy who likens Burger King funnel cake sticks to a 'beignet' -- he shouldn't feel political pressure to get married.

By: Michael Rogers | permanent link |   
Comments (10)
Sunday, December 13, 2009

Twenty years

It's been 20 years since the huge ACT-UP demonstration in NY's St. Patrick's Cathedral.

I was there. From Outweek, December 24, 1989:

Click image to enlarge.

By: Michael Rogers | permanent link |   
Comments (17)
Friday, December 11, 2009

The Women

Whether it's Suzanne Craig, Silda Spitzer or Darlene Ensign, it surprises me that the women married to these men stand behind them. I am no expert in heterosexual marriage, but I imagine the pain finding out your husband likes to have sex in bathroom stalls with men in train stations and airports ranks up there with experiencing divorce.

As the late Rodger McFarlane said says in Outrage: ""I know what they have to say in public and I actually kind of admire them for being able to give that performance, I'm sure I couldn't. But, that's some wierd shit.""

Jenny Sanford wouldn't take the role.

South Carolina's first lady files for divorce - washingtonpost.com:
The wife of embattled South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford (R) announced Friday morning she is filing for divorce, saying in a statement that she decided to dissolve her marriage after 'many unsuccessful efforts at reconciliation.'"
It’s well into 2008 and another US election is around the corner, and therefore, like any other dutiful blog in the blogosphere, it is my duty to comment on it despite the fact that I neither have the knowledge nor the perspective to comment. And therefore, that makes me perfectly qualified to author the “Dummies’ guide to the US elections”. American elections are important to the world because we never know where they are going to drop bombs next, and a close analysis of media chatter is necessary to figure out if one’s country is in some sort of “axis of evil”. So let’s get right down to the key issues at stake, shall we? All US elections are fundamentally about left vs right. The Democrats are Left (usually licking their wounds), and the Republicans are Right (in the thick of stealing elections). The Democrats believe that it’s right that the rest of the world is best left alone. The Republicans believe that they have the right to invade what’s left of the world. In the interest of brevity, for the rest of the post, the Democrats shall be referred to as Ds (as in Docile Donkeys), and the Republicans shall be referred to Rs (as in Rogue Elephants).  The Ds want to kill babies. The Rs prefer to kill women. Ds are anti-business and the Rs are anti-worker. Ds talk about securing jobs while outsourcing the manufacturing of “Obama-Biden” bumper stickers to China. Rs talk about securing America while outsourcing the torture of prisoners to other countries. Ds believe that gay marriages between man and animal are OK. Rs believe that not-so-gay marriages between priests and young boys are OK. Ds don’t believe in family values. Rs believe strongly in family values such as the sanctity of marriage and abstention, as long as one is not a former prisoner of war or a 20-month old Alaskan governor. Ds are best described as a pluralized slang term for cats lacking patriotism while Rs are best described as people with scarlet shading in the neck area indulging in ugly jingoism. Ds believe in bombing the hell out of places where there is a faint suspicion of the presence of a man named OBL. Rs believe in bombing the hell out of places where there is a whiff of this thing called OIL. Ds are like remixed dubchick Bob Dylan music. Rs are like country music. Ds prefer to save polar bears while making America energy starved. Rs will run their extra large SUVs on the fat of polar bears, if necessary. Ds are out-of-touch elites. Rs are rich old white people.  Ds want to take hard earned money from rich people and distribute it to poor, unproductive people. Rs want tax cuts for the rich and build gulags for factory workers. Ds are French. Rs have so many balls that it impedes their movement. Ds follow racist black priests. Rs are generally racist.  Ds have blogs. Rs have Fox news. Ds believe that the media has a conservative bias. Rs believe that it’s an evil liberal media out there. In reality, the US media, like any other, has a monetary bias. Thank you.
"Section 11A of Aircraft Act, 1934 - Hello everybody.By seeing the title u must be thinking that I am a law student but to tell u I am not a student of law and i am not telling you about the fundamentals of INDIAN constitution.I just wanted to tell you that there was a violation of ""Section 11A of Aircraft Act, 1934"" which states that the aircraft organisation have to abide by the rules given by BCAS (Bureau Of Civil Aviation Security) and in its guidelines BCAS has stated that vip's/vvip's are exempted from security checks or frisking.

Well you must be thinking that am I a vip.ha ofcourse not.but our former president Mr.A.P.J. Abdul Kalam is a vvip and he was frisked and even asked to remove his shoes at IGI antional airport in New Delhi by security personnels of Continental Airlines(An U.S. based airlines).It was the boss of the airlines who made it necessary to be checked.Although you must be thinking that everyday many laws are broken why this in particular?because Mr. kalam is a role model for many of us and especially the student community.He represents INDIAN scientist community and frisking him is a fall of national pride .

Well it was a law which was broken in INDIA and it is not made internationally.There are greater offences than this one when we go in past .When George Fernandes was in ministry in NDA regime then he had to go security check in America when he was on an official visit there where as it is clearly stated that any minister from any country is exempted from security checks then why was it performed .It is not only one instance .Pranab mukherjee was coming back from France to India then also he has to go through security checks which is again unforgivable.I am great supporter for equality but then equality must not only be on papers it must be implemented.Checking our role models and people representing a country in name of the security is not permissible and even when it has been stated clearly.

Coming back to India a FIR has been registered against the employees concerned but i guess it will not do because they were only the people following orders the issue has to be taken to all the aircraft organisations and clear directives must be given to them and it must be cleared that if there is exemption then it must be applied for all and if there is not then everybody must be checked even a minister from any other country(but atithi devo bhava) .Security checks must be upgraded but not only for publicising it some concrete steps are to be followed other than just checking vvip's."
" The Sad Death Of The Queen Of The Skies


When Zagat first started their consumer-driven restaurant guide, I was one of their very first reviewers. I ate out a lot-- and in a lot of cities. A few years ago they started another guide, one for airlines. I fly a lot too, and they asked me to be one of the initial reviewers. There are 6,000 reviewers now and tihs past year I once again voted for British Air as my favorite overall airline. That's probably the last time they'll be getting a positive score from me. For decades I've thought of them as the gold standard of high quality, professional service. I like Singapore and Virgin well enough and Cathay has been pretty good-- if headed in the wrong direction lately-- but all the airlines that are good, always seem to be imitating and trying to catch up with B.A. Those days are over.

B.A. is hurting. Financially they're a mess and abysmal management has driven the company into a hole they're not going to recover from witouth a complete managerial overhaul. Yesterday I flew from L.A. to Rome. Instead of it being the first fabulous part of a trip-- the way I've always considered flying on B.A. flights-- it was a horror show from beginning to end.

Early in the day, the flight attendants union voted to strike on December 21 and come back on January 2. When I called for advice about what to do to prevent myself from being stranded abroad, I could have been talking with someone from Delta, American or United or any airline that puts its customer service department through a rigorous training procedure on how to frustrate and infuriate customers. I spent well over an hour on hold and talking with two customer service clerks and in the end, got nowhere. They said that I could cancel my tickets but since the airline hadn't ""officially"" cancelled my flight home-- and probably wouldn't until I got to the airport in January-- it would cost me $250 to cancel. And I was lucky because I had purchased a refundable ticket!

I decided to take the gamble-- while the company's disastrous boss, Willie Walsh, postured and acted the tough anti-union thug in public-- and I was immediately sorry when I got on board the flight. Only one of the 3 restrooms was functioning in the business class cabin-- and it was in a sorry state of cleanliness right from the beginning. The whole cabin was in a shoddy condition in fact, way below the B.A. standards that have always attracted me to the airline. It looks like one of the cost savings was those paper toilet seat covers. The crew was the dregs, the sound system wasn't functioning enough to understand a word anyone ever said. And, the food was as bad as you can expect from a third-rate flying garbage truck. Poor British Air!

And poor me! The flight was late getting in and although I made it-- with a second or two to spare-- onto my connecting flight from London, my checked luggage didn't. It still hasn't. They claim it arrived in Rome but they seem to have lost it again. ""Seem to,"" because communication is not a strong point. Last night I stayed in all night waiting for the promised bag; didn't even have dinner. But this morning-- still no idea where my bag is or when-- or even if-- I'll ever get it back.

As the Guardian put it today ""the way Willie Walsh has handled this dispute will end up in the MBA textbooks-- as how not to do it. Just over two years ago, the BA boss hailed a new era in its often-troubled industrial relations. Now the atmosphere between management and workforce has become more poisonous than ever. Both sides risk sleepwalking into a strike that neither really wants. They should be forced-- by government if necessary-- to negotiate with each other. Carelessness is no excuse for destroying a business."" Too late for that; they need to rid themselves of Walsh and get back to the days when they understood what it meant to build customer loyalty instead of contempt.
"
" Singularity Summit: a brief review
Wednesday, October 7th, 2009
So this last weekend I was very privileged to be invited to attend the Singularity Summit in New York, an annual meeting of minds to discuss the implications of growing (and possible accelerating) technologies.  Now, despite having written a comic story about this very subject, I’ve never actually been in to an official gathering of these folks before, and didn’t really know what to expect.

Highlights:

- The audience was of a much higher caliber than what I expected.  Beforehand I had a lurking fear that Singularitarians were actually mostly navel-gazing sci-fi geeks who were more interested in a “nerd rapture” than the facts of emerging technologies.  In truth, it turns out that I was likely the dumbest guy in the room, with essentially all the attendees being very educated, thoughtful and (often) professionally successful individuals.  It was an interesting mix of industry leaders, scientists, economist and skeptics all possessing the necessary faculties for diverse and sober views concerning the subjects at hand.  Folks were friendly, too, and mingling in between talks I could always make my way into a group where interesting conversation was going on.

- The selection of speakers was very diverse.  I was concerned that the majority may involve a cheerleading squad for a particular view, but in fact topics and speakers ranged from those who believed in an inevitable “hard takeoff” Singularity to those who though *some* singularity was necessary to avoid existential risks to AI researchers who believed that belief in the Singularity is just a cognitive bias that futurists have.  Regardless of their views, though, every speaker treated the subject matter as a very serious and legitimate topic of discussion and investigation.

- Ray Kurzweil’s talks were very good as one might expect, though I personally felt these were some of the less exciting parts of the summit.  I don’t think it’s any fault of Kurzweil’s, though, since I’m just really familiar with his work and arguments, and it seems like he’s had to respond to the same tired arguments for several years now.  Two things that impressed me were the astonishing amount of evidence, detail and overall research he puts into his thesis (far more thorough than any other speakers) and second, the fact that he really looks a lot younger than a man in his 60s.  I know some folks take jabs at the astonishing amount of supplements and other dietary/medical steps he takes to increase his lifespan, but it really does seem to have an effect on his vitality and appearance.  He could easily be a good front man for the movement, though I noted that he wasn’t presented as such, and a variety of other speakers seemed to be pushed to the forefront instead.

- Eliezer Yudkowsky, as always, was very clever and humorous in his examination of cognitive bias and how downright insane human beings are really wired to be.  With a series of statistics (with the audience participating in some questions), he showed how even a “rational” person’s mind can be hacked primarily due to its messy “spaghetti code” evolutionary history.  Symptoms of cognitive bias include tending to believe more specific or dramatic threats over more realistic ones (examples included the Bush administration preparing for elaborate “movie threats” while ignoring statistically more likely and dangerous threats like hurricane disasters).  With relation to the Singularity, one popular fear is the “Terminator Scenario” where AI becomes violent, humanoid and bend on destroying the human race.  Despite having not even the slightest grounds in fact, this image is popular because it’s specific and dramatic.  Likewise, in regards to futurism in general, we tend to overestimate the macroscopic (flying cars, jet packs, space travel) and underestimate the advances of the subtle (internet, cloud computing, augmented reality, specific and general AI).

Peter Thiel, co-founder of PayPal and venture capitalist, provided a very interesting perspective.  From the view of a technologist and businessman, he believes that the topic that needs to be discussed further is what happens if the Singularity doesn’t happen or doesn’t happen fast enough.  He seems to be of the opinion that if it doesn’t develop quickly enough, there could be an incident similar to the ‘dot com crash’ (where investors overestimated tech growth) only on a much larger, more devastating scale.  He argued that the Singularity has the potential to be an extremely beneficial trend in the future, but there needs to be a more concentrated economic and industrial effort to ensure that it develops the right way and at the right pace.

Aubrey de Grey may have been my favorite speaker, as the topic of biological longevity research is an area where my education is sorely lacking.  Some magnificent leaps and bounds in this field have been made, and Dr. de Grey graphed life expectancy paths (using only the most pessimistic predictions regarding advancements) amongst different age groups today.  It was a very thorough talk and, while seemingly optimistic, it involved some of the hardest, tangible science out there.  I feel this is one angle of Transhumanism that should get more face time in the public eye.  While AI is the more significant thing to watch in the long run (and the most terrifying), aging and longevity research is a very tangible, understandable science with a growing and continuous set of real-world applications that even the harshest cynic couldn’t call useless.  On top of that, Dr. de Gray really does come off as a very charming, thoughtful person who is genuinely interested in helping everyone he can (at the expense of perhaps his own longevity).

-Another interesting observation is that half the freaking people at the summit read Dresden Codak. Why on Earth would such important individuals waste their time on this comic is beyond me, but it was kind of neat.  Even though I was just an attendee, I’ve never gotten this much attention even at a comic show (on the second day I was even roped into giving autographs in the lobby!).  A definite highlight was when Aubrey de Grey pulled me aside to praise my satirical essay featuring Trans-Simianism. Who knew?

Conclusion: a wonderful group of intellectuals discussing a relevant and fascinating array of subjects, from autonomous cars to brain scans to curing blindness to avoiding being destroyed by a superintelligence.  Both the speakers and attendees are the type of people I wouldn’t mind seeing again at next year’s summit.  If you’re interested in the subject at all (from skeptic to optimist) and can afford the price of admission, it’s definitely an event worth seeing for yourself.

-AD"
" Holding Back the Rise of the Machines?
February 20th, 2010 by Daniel Tunkelang
Respond

Amazon’s Mechanical Turk is one of my favorite examples of leveraging the internet for innovation:

Amazon Mechanical Turk is a marketplace for work that requires human intelligence. The Mechanical Turk web service enables companies to programmatically access this marketplace and a diverse, on-demand workforce. Developers can leverage this service to build human intelligence directly into their applications.

But, in my view, Mechanical Turk does not take its vision far enough. In the conditions of use, Amazon makes it clear that only human participation need apply: “you will not use robots, scripts or other automated methods to complete the Services”.

On one hand, I can understand that Amazon’s vision for Mechanical Turk, like Luis Von Ahn’s “games with a purpose“, explicitly aims to apply human intelligence to tasks where automated methods seem inadequate. On the other hand, what are automated methods but encapsulations of human methods? It seems odd for Amazon to be so particular about the human / machine distinction, especially given that terms of service impose practically no other constraints on execution (beyond the obvious legal ones), Moreover, Mechanical Turk offers developers a variety of ways to assure quality (redundancy, qualification tests, etc.).

Granted, there are some important concerns that would have to be addressed if Amazon were to relax the “humans-only” constraint. For example, a developer today can reasonably assume that two different human “Providers” execute tasks independently. With automated participation, there’s a far greater risk of dependence–e.g., from multiple programmers applying the same algorithms. This possibility would have to be taken into account in quality assurance.

Still, the benefits of allowing automated participants would seem to far outweigh the risks. At pennies a task, Mechanical Turk has a limited appeal to the human labor force–indeed, research by Panos Ipeirotis suggests that Amazon’s revenue from the service may be so law that it doesn’t even cover the costs of a single dedicated developer!

In contrast, there’s evidence that programmers would take an interest in participation, were it an option. Marketplaces like TopCoder and competitions like the Netflix Prize suggest that computer scientists take an interest in proving their mettle in many of the kinds of tasks for which organizations already use Mechanical Turk.

So, why not give algorithms a chance? Surely we’re not that afraid of Skynet or the “technological singularity“. Let’s give machines–and their programmers–a chance to show off the best of both worlds!"
Miss D loves her Dumbo soft toy, It pretty much goes everywhere with us. If she’s tired or grumpy then she needs that elephant and bedtimes are a non-starter if he’s not around… I know she’ll grow out of this phase so it doesn’t bother me, but my only stipulation is that Dumbo MUST have a wash on a regular basis to keep him vaguely fresh and clean. This requirement stems from a story my wife told me a while back. One of her cousins had the original “Linus from Snoopy” style security blanket, he could never be parted from it and would never allow it to be washed. You can imagine how gruesome this piece of fabric was; I’m sure if it were left alone long enough in a controlled environment, a whole new lifeform would have evolved from the fibres of this dribbly, snot-riddled abomination. So, with that image permanently engraved on my brain, every couple of weeks it’s bathtime for Dumbo and Miss D’s postpartum tantrums begin. It’s strange, she can leave him on the sofa and forget about him all afternoon while we’re doing something else but as soon as I pick him up she wants her elephant back.
"Being Back...!!! So I am back...

Though I dont know why !!!
After having deleted my approx. 15 posts I thought I did a mistake.
For the few posts were really good enough not to be created again.

Yes few people belong to the catagory :Think & Think before committing.These people do nothing much
in life.Another class consists of people like me who do things in an emotional rage and repent for long if not entire life time as to why did they commit the ""unwanted"" act.I am still not sure as to which class is more blemish.Well let us not dwell into that.

Time has come to look things positively.I could easily end up my entire life in cigerrate smokes.But that is not the reason I am here for.""Cigerrate can ruin you"", have already been proved by few fanatics.

At the end of my life I may end up with a healthy bank balance, few friends ,and few relationships that do not exist as of now.So whats the big deal...???There are lacs of men who end up like that.....Got to make a difference in my life...
Spendind time in thinking over myself and my relationship with the things around me....

Got to write about this ""exile"" at TI-Banglore.There is no ""Bang"" and no ""Glore"" here.I long to return
back to my friends!!
This time I wont let the blogging habit dominate me!!

Distance make people grow fonder OR out of sight out of mind.Well differnt people have just vomited what they felt about various occasins in life....Never believe or follow any such stuff strictly.Use your own natural possessions!!!"
WHY I LIKE HIM- Dr. Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam or better known as APJ Abdul Kalam is known for his versatility.He has contributed a lot to India's development both as a president and as a scientist.He is a person who encourages youth,as he firmly believes that youth is the backbone of India.He is known for his quotes."Thinking is progress. Non-thinking is stagnation of the individual organisation and the country. Thinking leads to action. Knowledge without action is useless and irrelevant. Knowledge with action, converts adversity into prosperity."is one fine example. WHY I LIKE HIM- Shivaji Rao Gaekwad or better known as Rajinikanth is known for his hardwork and perseverance.Can you ever imagine a bus conductor turning into a celebrity who is known worldwide,and who has millions and millions practically chanting his name?Aint it far beyond our imagination..??Well yes, had Rajinikanth not been in this world.He is a person who is very well known for his hardwork and sets his life as an example for the same.He tells us clearly that "Appearance is not the only criteria one need to possess in oder to attract people".No wonder he is known across the globe.
"Session with Bawa-n-Dinesh in Delhi on 21Jan'09  I am sure it must have happened sometime in your life, you are walking on the street, just passing a cake shop, and you slow down wondering whether you should give in to the temptation and indulge, you have almost decided not to, and a gentle breeze parcels a whiff of sweet aromatic air right into your nose! You almost taste the black forest with cherries or a wlanut almond or a pineapple watermelon with roasted cashew  toppings....yuummmmm....Now you are left with no choice. In the next couple of minutes you are walking out of the shop licking the melting chocolate off your fingers :-)

Bawa and Dinesh visited Delhi for a couple of days and all of the above happened, metaphorically and actually too! And their session on the 21st evening was like that - a gentle whiff packed with a lot of goodies.

Knowledge
Bawa said Guruji explained dispassion beautifully. He said, a desire to have any pleasurable experience springs up when you see or hear something about it. This desire or craving is called 'Trishna'. For e.g. till you have not heard about Bali, you had no desire to visit Bali.

Not giving in to the Trishna is 'Vairagya' (dispassion).

As we grow up our desires get mature and refined.

Q/A:
1. My dad has threatened me that if I go for the upcoming YES!+ in Simla, then I will have to leave him and my house for ever. I have already paid and registered. What should I do?

Bawa: Wow, thats great! Just say good bye and go to Simla. (laughter in the audience) If your dad really doesnt take you back home, then go to the ashram and do seva :-). Tell him when you feel like calling me back, just call me, ok, byeeee, Jai Guurdev ;-). Dont ask for permission from your dad, just tell him I am going and ask for blessings. Tell him that he has given you such good upbringing, which has made you capable of making the right decisions. Tell him there is nothing more I can ask from you dad, as you have already given me everything. The only thing you can give me now is blessings... (applause). 2. My mom becomes emotional and throws tantrums and blackmails me saying she will not talk to me if I do seva and do AOL activities.

Bawa: Never give in to the emotional blackmail of parents. Know that they love you intensely so they behave like that. Most of them do not have experience of hard core seva, so they do not understand the significance and depth of what you are doing.

Bau said you are so lucky you have parents who protest, who take so much interest in your life, who are bothered about you, who care to bother about you. Not every parent does that.

So when your parents crib, just feel grateful.

I forgot a few things, there were lot of rip-roaring laughter moments.


Bau made it sound so light and yet so profound when he said that may be Guruji has asked Delhi YES!+ to do the 1 lac people March on 28th Feb against terrorism and corruption (www.themarch.in) just to keep the volunteers busy or maybe it could lead to a very powerful transformation of our country.

And then Bau shared some funny and touchy Guru stories. I am not going tom take the effort to type all that. You missed it.

Love, Jai Gurudev
Saleel
"
"Feel Good….!!! :) Recently i have seen a video which says abt the secret of life.... tat video has inspired me a lot..
This is wat all of the video is about...

One of the best feelings that one can enjoy is to Feel Good. Feeling Good gives all the good feelings one can experience in life...either could be .... happiness, joy, love, gratitude, Appreciation, optimism, belief, hope, contentment, passion... watever
Feeling Good makes oneself to aspire watever he or she wants to be.... :) it involves a lot of positive energy in it ... to make tat happen...
These are the toughest times the world is facing now.... the terrorism, the financial crisis... or anything which disrupts peace...presently the world is ever bounding with all forms of negative feeling.. either could be greed, guilt, revenge, jealous , hatred, frustration .. these forms of feelings in oneself is directly or indirectly responsible for the present situation of the world... so let all of us stop blaming others ... stop feeling sad or dejected of the current situation ... stop discussing abt the hard times ... stop all the negative things...
let us all be +ve enough to encourage about the good in this abundant world....
let us all feel good... feeling good creates a healthier society... and thus a better world...
so from now on ... feel good about everything that you are... and sure the world around you is going to change.. and u can even see the change in the world too .... :)

FEEL GOOD... TO HAVE A BETTER WORLD... !!!
NOTE: CONCENTRATE ON WHAT YOU WANT RATHER THAN WHAT YOU DONT WANT...
thats the secret of life....
Spend some time in finding wat you want in life....
we have been always spending time thinking abt wat we dont want in life...
i dont want less marks in my exams
i dont want to lose my job...
we dont want wars to happen...
we hate terrorism... by this way we all are encouraging the world with t the thoughts we have....
""ALL THAT WE ARE IS THE RESULT OF WHAT WE HAVE THOUGHT""
SO OUR THOUGHTS DEFINE OUR WORLD"
"Achieving Quality Living -  If we look around in history also in life around us, there are people who have created history or who are creating history. These are handful of people which you count on fingers while other part of population seems mere existing on the this planet rather than living the life. Just look closely any inspiring figure whether a social workers, reformers, spiritual leaders or Business Tycoons you can take any name say it Martin Luther king or Mother Teresa, or Sri Sri Ravi Shankar or Swami Vivekananda, Bill Gates, Henry Ford All these people have same number of minutes in a day as we have. Then why these people able to deliver much more than we do? What make them different from other people. Now this is a wider issue. I am catching one thread of discussion in this post.   If you realize in life we do kind of actions one which are life supporting and other are life degrading. Life supporting actions help us to move forward life life degrading actions bind our legs and put us back. And not doing those things which we supposed to do doesn't hurt us how much we suffer from doing the things which we don't supposed to do. Wrong actions come with consequences which takes a huge amount of time and energy to clear it up and come to the ground zero again. Whether these are wrong habits, wrong patterns or wrong decisions.

Sri Sri rightly says, ""people spend half of the health to gain the wealth and then spend half of the wealth to gain back health."" Not a wise things to do. Same is the case with most of refreshment and entertainment means in society like alcohol, smoking or explicit sex, too much of movies or drugs; all of them come with huge toll on the nervous system. Momentary excitement of senses doesn't give a bliss, yet once mind is trapped in the habit to enjoy these excitements; not doing these things causes huge pain: that's the bondage where most of population has stuck and then there is huge fight to come back to our ground zero state. Similar is the case when we ruin our relationship with somebody and then it become a hassle to recover it. Everybody want good relations with all yet some where we screw it up and then it take so much of efforts to put it back on track and sometime even life time doesn't suffice to recover few issues. So watch carefully next time you choose your words or actions or decision and remember a fact not doing those things which we supposed to do doesn't hurt us how much we suffer from doing the things which we don't supposed to do.

Slowly when we drop the things which we don't supposed to do, life become much more peaceful and expression of success all around.

All Glory to Gurudev
Dinesh"
" I am writing this sitting in the Accident & Emergency department of the hospital for the second time in a month, and probably the 6th time in two years. This time its Mate's turn. He of nimble feet was running in the living room (my five year old has gone all middle class on us and has banned the description front room), when he tripped over some fresh air and cracked his head on the open patio door. He only cried for a minute, there wasn't even that much blood to be honest. If it had been me I would have filled the cut with ground pepper and put some sellotape on it. Unfortunately this is a method the Wife disapproves of so it was off to the hospital.

Knowing she would freak out, I decided to ring the wife whilst driving there and get it over and done with. She hates speaking to me when I'm driving and using the hands free and always keeps the conversations short, so I obviously use this tactic a lot. Such was her maternal panic that not even this was working, so I had to resort to beeping and shouting ""Get out the way"" to imaginary road users. That did the trick."
"life is a sinking boat.
Friday, 19 February 2010
that nothing one does is right. gunning into a fight, one is a bull headed fool. avoid a fight, one is a coward. once sides have been picked, enemies are marked. if third parties start jumping in and giving biased opinions, there is no more room for mercy. but was it better to sidestep an argument that could will only get everyone's blood boiling; or was it better to fight fire with fire?


i have never claimed that i am a good person. i've always warned anyone, everyone that i am a bad person - which is the truth, black as charcoal, dark as the shadow of the dark side of the moon; you are disappointed because of the illusion because you believe there is a redeemable quality in this shell called me, but for every good, the taint of saidin reeks corruption to my weaves.


call me childish, a fool, coward; but once you pick a side, then you are my enemy. it makes complete sense, the world is simple; it becomes black and white. i am a simple minded fool. spots of grey should be cast to dark corners like refuse never to see light, and to be given to natural death.

Posted by Takaloy at 23:34
Labels: Life Journal
break
Thursday, 18 February 2010
how many times must my heart break,
before it becomes but specks of dust,
and many a times should it be stabbed,
till pain can no longer be felt,
the countless falls i must take, 
to shed hope, turn these memories,
forgone of love in times past castaway 
into rage, and ire, and hate, become 
a storm burning, unrelenting in fury,
like the heart of a midnight sun?
Posted by Takaloy at 22:55
Labels: Poetry, The Journey
why

why, is it not enough to turn your back on me,

       ...that you feel obliged to desecrate our past too?



Posted by Takaloy at 21:41
Labels: Life Journal
The Song of Dionysius
Wednesday, 10 February 2010




can thou hear? the soft whisper cracks,
invisible fault lines pulsing,
the gentle tremble of mine core,
willing to smash into atoms,
to painful memories of careless
spoken words and heartless thoughts.


How could one so completely,
dictate mine emotions as if
mine soul is nought but notations 
to melody of ecstasy to anguish 
in but few clef tied in harmony, 
to the tunes of mine epitaph,
and dressed for dust and ashes?"
" Why I am not ME..!! (n U r NOT urSELF)
......one of my friends asked me yesterday, if i have ever noticed that people try to make everyone around them like themselves...

......well,yeah. I have. I haven't noticed this.. but i have observed that it is in nature of everyone to make others like themselves.Everyone naturally behaves in a manner which attracts others to their way of thinking.

......but there is a little complication because people show different level of stubbornness in holding on to their own thoughts.Ultimately not everyone can turn everyone around them like themselves.There are surely going to be few losers and few winners in this battle of wits.Here we are going to talk about the ones who get influenced rather than influencing.

Some people are very easily influenced by others.It is very easy to convince them for anything.Such people either badly lack in self confidence or they do not think at all and derive any conclusion themselves.The latter is a very don't care sort of attitude which results from the over protectiveness received by the person in their former life.This makes them devoid of self dependence though they have enough confidence and capabilities.The former kind wants to establish his own way of thinking and conclusion,but he so easily gets captivated by others confidence that he never dares to challenge it.He readily agrees to things in very short time and ignores his original thoughts.. stepping down one more step from his intellectuality.

......comparing both these natures, we feel that they are really too contrasting, and yes, they are.
Where one has a highly centered and self destructive attitude who don't cares about anything at all in life, other one don't even understands the term attitude and value of self.He cares too much about everyone and everything happening around him...
Where one is always happy and cool even in situation of serious consideration, other is hardly happy in life and is always worried in every situation.

.....Now, here is a point.How come these two entirely opposite natures of human life suffer from same problem? okay.. so here i have the answer for you which is as universal as sun and moon... earth and water... clouds n air.. ""Nature is dual faced and the extremes often get mixed up.. At the end of journey.. u ll find yourself standing at the same place u started.So this is what u get after changing yourself too much.Same again...""
I positively hope that u ll be able to gulp that little amount of philosophy.Anyway coming to our point a little more directly this time,we often find people or things with very opposite nature in same pit. Most probably,this is because both of them are wrong.We know well that both, a little too less or a little too much are dangerous.One should always try to avoid the extremes.

Well.. if you are still looking for a common reason,there is one,indeed.All the people who have this tendency of becoming like others and follow someone, severely lack in ""self belief "". Self belief is again a very simple thing of complicated nature.But it is the most important element in anybodies character which defines the whole face of his life. 

P.S. ""hope you are not confused between self confidence and self belief. They are different... allot.

bottom line : realise the importance of SELF BELIEF in life... dont get carried away by others thoughts and beliefs..."
"Dalai Lama and Sri Sri say the same thing… I was reading Art of Living famous Sri Sri's articles and then once I read this story of Dalai Lama. Both said exactly the same thing about forgiving...  How divine... spend a couple of minutes to think about it..  Excerpt from book : The wisdom of forgiveness (Page 47) 
When I first met the Dalai Lama some three decades ago, he told me that he had for given the Chinese for what they have done to the Tibetans.At the time, I had been surprised. Now I wanted to learn more in the upcoming interview. As the Dalai Lama came into the audience hall and sat down across from me, I asked him without any preamble, ""Your Holiness, I thought it natural that you'd harbor resentment toward the Chinese. Yet you've told me that this is not so. But do you, sometimes at least, experience deep feelings of animosity?""""That almost never,"" the Dalai Lama replied. ""I analyze like this: if I develop bad feelings toward those who make me suffer, this will only destroy my own peace of mind. But if I forgive, my mind becomes calm. Now, concerning our struggle for freedom, if we do it without anger, without hatred,but with true forgiveness, we can carry that struggle even more effectively. Struggle with calm mind, with compassion.Through analytical meditation, I now have full conviction that destructive emotions like hatred is no use. Nowadays,anger, hatred, they don't come. But little irritation some-times come."""
Another reason is that there are 2 seniors who have helped us a lot once we got down at Raleigh-Arun and Srinath. They treated us almost like brothers and more than just some fellow Indian. In this time of the world where at times even friends think twice about helping friends, we were really amazed at the way those 2 guys helped us out and are still helping us out. Both of them advise us so much, help us out. Arun is one amazing guy though. He takes not only us but any fresher out for shopping for groceries or clothes or laptops. He lives near my house and it is his open invitation that anyone can come into his house at any time. Most of the time, excepting after 11 pm, there are atleast 6 to 10 guys in his house, either playing the PS2 or accessing his net or just sit there for chatting with the others. More than that he is such a lively person that most of the time he is cracking jokes and making other people laugh. We realized that there is no method from our side to pay them back for all their kindness they have done for us.
I have been working in a corporate office for 2.5 years now and have made many real friends. But this is not I am about tell you now. I am going to tell about a set of pseudo buddies you make because you cannot control your body’s metabolism. Yes! Restroom buddies! You still may think it is some people you befriend in the restroom. No! these are pseudo! Over the past 2.5, I have seen a pattern, the same set of people seem to be present in the restroom when I enter the restroom, regardless of what time I enter, be it morning, noon, afternoon, 3 PM 4 PM whatever odd time, they are there! And even on the same day, they are there everytime you go! Then you realise, that these are the people whose bodies may probably function similar to yours, may be they have the same rate of metabolism, may be they have the same bodily cycles. It makes me get a friendly feeling towards them. After all, who does not like similar people!? Something like a stockholm syndorme. But the friendly feeling is not because you see them everyday, it is because deep down you know that you may be physically similar people.
I changed my watch. I wore a pair of shoes that had been ignored for long. I attended to my car repair personally. While driving to Jalsa I reprimanded a traffic offender. I sang along with the FM radio jock as one of my favorites belted itself out from the speakers on the car. I checked the electricals in the house that were giving us a problem. I unpacked and laid out the various gifts presented to me from the Oman Excellencies. I fixed my computer, discovering during the course that I had been using the wrong cable box for my internet connection. I made calls to people that I had been avoiding for sometime. And I watched the IPL with great delight. And I discovered that this was all due to the fact that I pushed myself to a work- out in the morning, despite the vagaries of the  previous night. I am content and painless - both in body and mind now. And I believe that this has come about by the simple fact of putting my body back into routine. When you miss the routine, the essentials of everyday, the spasms of life shall forever bother you and become a hindrance. I had subjected my body to much malaise and lethargy. Lethargy brings about defeat. It nurtures weakness in our confidence and the urge to move forward.
"Three weeks after the mother on ABC’s Brothers and Sisters (“Nora Walker” played by Sally Field) fretted over the GOP “denying global warming,” the ABC drama on Sunday night featured an episode centered around her daughter, “Kitty Walker-McCallister,” a Republican candidate for Senate in California played by Calista Flockhart, coming under attack from conservative rubes who think she used her influence to get the visa renewed for her older sister’s French boyfriend, “Luc.”

At a campaign event with mini-video camera-toting bloggers visible, protesters boo and repeatedly chant: “America for Americans!” as they hold up signs, such as “FRENCHIE GO HOME!!!” and, with a mustache added to Kitty’s face, “Hi Kitler!” Just like the real media’s slander of Tea Party protesters.

Kitty’s husband whom she is running to succeed, incumbent “Senator Robert McCallister,” played by Rob Lowe, charges: “It’s just the conservative purity police trying to purge the party of lily-livered Republican moderates.” Kitty complains to her sister, “Sarah Walker,” played by Rachel Griffiths: “I am fighting for my political life with a bunch of ultra-conservative yahoos who want my head because you decided to fall in love with a guy who has immigration issues.”

Audio: 90-second MP3 clip that matches the video highlights from the March 14 episode.

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/brent-baker/2010/03/15/abc-s-republican-character-under-siege-conservative-purity-police-and-u#ixzz0iPRVBG2F
"
"Earlier this morning during a keynote at SXSW, Twitter CEO and co-founder Evan Williams announced the availability of Twitter’s @Anywhere platform. It is an identity system and is widely viewed as an answer to Facebook Connect. It allows Twitter subscribers to use their Twitter credentials to login to third-party services. The announcement was short on details and left me scratching my head.

Over Twitter, I asked Evan Williams if he would offer more details. He tweeted back and said that the “details will come (specifically at Chirp).” Chirp is Twitter’s official developer conference slotted for April 14-15 and will be held in San Francisco. It could be a big week for Twitter. AllThingsD speculates that the company might also announce its plans for an ad-platform at the AdAge conference scheduled for April 12-13 in New York. There is clearly a lot of interest in San Francisco-based social messaging company which is valued at around a billion dollars and is viewed as a potential competitor to Facebook.

On Twitter Blog co-founder Biz Stone wrote:

    We’ve developed a new set of frameworks for adding this Twitter experience anywhere on the web. …When we’re ready to launch, initial participating sites will include Amazon, AdAge, Bing, Citysearch, Digg, eBay, The Huffington Post, Meebo, MSNBC.com, The New York Times, Salesforce.com, Yahoo!, and YouTube. Imagine being able to follow a New York Times journalist directly from her byline, tweet about a video without leaving YouTube, and discover new Twitter accounts while visiting the Yahoo! home page—and that’s just the beginning. Twitter has proven to be compelling in a variety of ways. With @anywhere, web site owners and operators will be able to offer visitors more value with less heavy lifting."
"NBC’s ""Law & Order"" programs are long-established and all over the schedule. But the sex-obsessed vice cops of ""Law & Order: Special Victims Unit"" are a breed apart. They exist to be socially provocative, which is to say, to rattle, to disturb. Viewers at home probably weren’t ready for the plot that aired on NBC on March 3. These script writers are so revolting that they become almost comical.

As you read what follows, you decided how closely this mirrors anything resembling the world of reality.

Someone was strangling prostitutes to death and leaving prayer cards behind. The first suspect was a perverted man whose wife proclaimed he had converted to Christianity and overcome his sinful ways. The cops quickly discovered the man dismissed his wife as a ""prude"" and he was cheating on her with a variety of young girls, because ""it’s not a crime to want a little variety"" in his sex life, including ""toys, role play, and threesomes."" Despite his ardor for sexual gunplay as well, this so-called Christian was not the strangler.

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/brent-bozell/2010/03/13/bozell-column-nbcs-special-victims#ixzz0iPJra7cz
"
SOW INTO REVIVAL IN CHILE! This is a great opportunity for you to partner with what God is doing in this nation as a team of 11 of us travel there in March 2010. Eric Johnson will be leading our team as we get prophetic insight from God as to what He has on His heart for this nation. This has been a nation on Eric's heart for 12 years since he had a series of experiences where God "put Chile on the radar" for him.We will be going March 6-13, 2010. This is a strategic, pioneering trip that will be the first of a longterm relationship apostolically with Chile. As we get revelation from heaven on what Father wants to do, we will being mapping out where we will go and what will be engaged with.Would you like to be a part sowing into seeing a nation transformed? It can happen in a day, and it doesn't take but 1 who burns with the fire of God. Let God move you to burn for His move in Chile!If you would like to donate towards the trip, visit www.ibssm.org, and click Donate. Then type in Adam Short, and specify your donation for my missions trip. This donation will be tax deductible. THANKS!
"Ornette Coleman is sitting at a table in the middle of his spacious loft, a fourth-floor aerie above the garment district bustle on West 36th Street in Midtown Manhattan.

It is a happy moment for a reporter: You hear on the radio that Mr. Coleman, the alto saxophonist and composer, turns 80 today — Tuesday, March 9, 2010 — and you call him up, introduce yourself and get invited over immediately.

You find him sitting there almost exactly as envisioned, in the darkened, quiet space, outlined in a cone of lamplight and writing away — not on music paper with staves and clefs, but rather on regular lined paper in a spiral notebook.

Are they hieroglyphics? Japanese characters? The calligraphy of the avant-garde? It turns out to be his left-handed stylish printing of notes — B-flats, G-sharps and such — arranged into strings and matrices. Such notation fills the pages of several notebooks stacked nearby.

Physically, Mr. Coleman may be perched on a high stool, dressed in a colorful print shirt, black slacks with suspenders and wine-colored loafers, but his mind is an antigravity chamber, floating in the middle of this room decorated with contemporary furniture and huge Modern paintings."
"Aol launched Lifestream, a social aggregator and publisher, as part of their AIM platform at TechCrunch50 Last Fall. Since then it has gained nearly 2 million users, say Aol. Based on that success Aol is now launching Lifestream as a standalone product at lifestream.aol.com.

Like Friendfeed, Lifestream aggregates a number of third party social networks – Facebook, Twitter, MySpace, Foursquare, Delicious, Digg, Flickr, YouTube, etc., so if you follow a Lifestream user you’ll see all of the content that user publishes on those networks, and Lifestream automatically pulls in content from people you already follow on those various social networks, so you don’t have to create yet another new friend list. Lifestream isn’t yet integrated with Google Buzz, but Aol says it may be coming soon.

Users can filter out content from specific networks if they like, on a per user or broad basis. A way to think about this – “noise cancellation for social networks.”

Lifestream also lets users publish back to social networks. Status updates posted to Lifestream can be posted back to Facebook, Myspace and/or Twitter. Lifestream also optionally notes your location in your status updates via GPS on mobile devices, or you can manually add it instead."
"As part of the Federal Trade Commission’s ongoing hearings into the future of journalism, Google’s chief economist, Hal Varian, gave a presentation on newspapers and their financial problems that is well worth taking some time to read (or view). The slide deck is embedded below, and Martin Langeveld has a great overview at the Nieman Journalism Lab that also includes a transcript of Varian’s presentation. The Google economist (who also wrote a blog post) does a pretty thorough job of explaining the untenable position that newspapers currently find themselves in, and how it isn’t the Internet’s fault (in other words, it isn’t Google’s fault).

The biggest problem, Varian says, is that the news part of what newspapers do — the hard reporting and crime and investigative stuff that everyone thinks of when they say the word “journalism” — has traditionally been subsidized by all the rest of what newspapers do, such as the automotive section, the travel section, the lifestyle features and so on (which almost no one thinks of when they say the word “journalism”). Those other parts of the paper, unfortunately, are being targeted by subject-specific web sites and services, leaving the news part of the operation unprotected. As he put it:

    Traditionally, the ad revenue from these special sections has been used to cross-subsidize the core news production. Nowadays internet users go directly to websites like Edmunds, Orbitz, Epicurious, and Amazon to look for products and services in specialized areas. Not surprisingly, advertisers follow those eyeballs, which makes the traditional cross-subsidization model that newspapers have used far more difficult.

Although it’s admittedly a bit presumptuous to expect Varian to come up with solutions to this problem, he’s a little light on the solutions front, mentioning Google’s “FastFlip” experiment as one possible answer, as well as Living Stories and a couple of other Google projects. But one part of his presentation really hit home with me, and that was when he talked about the amount of time people spend with the news online. On average, he said, they spend about 70 seconds a day. Varian says part of the reason for that is people reading online at work, where they have less time to spend with the news."
"It's a topic that would probably make the average individual's eyes glaze over, but will have a profound impact on the economy - for better or worse. The topic - financial regulation reform.

With Senate Banking Chairman Sen. Chris Dodd, D-Conn., setting his proposal out for the public, the take away on the reporting from two of the country's major newspapers - The New York Times and Wall Street Journal can give readers a view where their reporters' loyalties lie.

On CNBC's March 15 ""Squawk Box,"" co-host Joe Kernen raised this point - the Journal with its more pro-Wall Street point of view and the Times with a liberal pro-Democratic Party one.

""You - I like the way you highlighted the Journal's take, ‘Ohh, this thing is ahh, much worse,' but The New York Times - ‘consensus-building,'"" Kernen said. ""But The New York Times is talking about consensus-building within the Democratic Party, I think, right? I mean, normally that's who they're speaking to, isn't it?""

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/jeff-poor/2010/03/15/study-bias-two-takes-financial-regs-journal-vs-ny-times-pointed-out-cnbc-#ixzz0iPLPdgZG
"
Are you desperate for an iPad-like device, short on cash, and long on the desire to completely jack up your netbook? Well you're in luck, friend, as the proprietor of MSI Wind fansite Insanely Wind has crafted a device which may satiate your tablety desires. By taking a U100, removing the keyboard, relocating a touchscreen display to the bottom half of the unit, and doing some simple rewiring, user alexbates has fashioned a tablet which he says bests a device like the iPad or JooJoo with "10 times the storage, twice the speed, external video (VGA), webcam, USB ports, and built-in multi card reader." Of course, as you can tell by the photos, this mod has a ways to go before it's got the fit and finish of the aforementioned devices, and you'll have rev up a compatible, hackintosh build of OS X to make it appropriately Apple-ish -- but it can clearly be done. While this isn't the first time we've seen this type of modification, it's nice to see the love spreading to various  devices (and done in a fashion that doesn't seem overly complicated). From the sounds of things, this project hasn't hit its zenith yet, so we'll be keeping our eyes peeled for a more complete variation of the Windlet (our name). For now, hit the read link and keep up with the unfolding saga. 
"I am so surprised, that this early in March, we are already seeing very warm weather. In fact, we did not see the normal Canadian winter that I am used to, and the one that I was dreading. I guess it is nice to get a year off, every now and then.

There is still a lot of snow on the ground that needs to melt, but it is certainly well on its way. I go outside, and keep thinking that there is still so much snow to melt, but then I simply have to remember how much snow we had prior to the melt starting, and I know things are going down well.

I wonder though, if a milder winter this year, means a more intense winter next year? If That is the case, Zhifang will be in for a real eye opener, as Canada's winter can be something on the extreme side. Winter storms hit with a fury, and when all is said and done, the only thing you can do, is find your shovel and start digging out.
"
"No, this isn’t an obituary to my blog, though considering the level of inactivity this year, I suppose you could declare it brain dead.

Did that metaphor make sense? No? Good. I’ve still got it.

But yes, I’ve been just a bit stressed for time these days, especially now that my training is done and I’m officially on permanent status. My restricted time on the internet is spent either reading blogs, sports news or chatting with people in time zones that really mess with my sleep cycle, none of which inspire a blog post.

And then I went to church.

It was one of the weekends that I was at home, and as usual I was busy trying to cram in all the things that I missed out during the week, i.e. dongle-free internet, movies, home cooked food, and driving (I really, really miss driving!). However, in an attempt to infuse my short weekend stay with more ‘family time’, my parents decided that I should come with them for a memorial service. You know what they say; nothing brings the family together like a corpse.

So I swing by, reluctantly, while pondering the appropriate ‘game face’ to put on while at a memorial service. Not too sad (it’s not the funeral) and not too relaxed (you’re supposed to miss the man). It was the 1 year death anniversary of a family acquaintance, an old planter that used to come to our church, and as I sat in the pews reading the order of the service, I realized that this was actually the first time I had attended a memorial service.

It was rather awkward for me personally, watching this little parade of children and grandchildren telling the assembly how much they miss this man. It seemed unnecessary to me; surely this would be better suited for a more private and personal gathering. However, the best was definitely saved for last, when the widow and the pastor got up to tell what a fantastic, god-fearing, church-loving man he was. How they could do so with a straight face, heaven only knows. They might as well have told me he was the antichrist's secretary.



After ensuring I had indeed heard this right, I started to wonder how people could be so forgiving of those that have passed before us. It’s almost as if insults are forgiven by the time the body hits the floor, debts are forgiven by the time of the homily and extra-marital affairs and murder are forgiven by the time the sand starts piling up on the casket.

So is it only in death that we activate our ‘human spirit’? Do we have to wait till our last breath has come and gone to see compassion, concern and selective amnesia in our fellow man? I’m reminded of Mark Twain’s “Tom Sawyer”, when he and his friends staged their own funeral to milk the sympathy that they knew would be overflowing for them, despite them being a public nuisance.

When I was very young, I didn’t see much of my father as he worked late, and so my five year old brain devised a way to ‘check’ how much I missed him. I would imagine him dying, or imagine hearing of his death, and then if I felt immensely sad about it, then I knew that I really did care and I really did miss him.

Silly, stupid, terrible – and yet, perhaps apt.

Bottom line: make sure you tell your friends all the things you hate about them right now! You never know when they may drop dead and put you in the unenviable position of having to lie through your teeth at church."
"You wouldn't expect to find ""We've tightened up the graphics on Episode Three"" among the usual list of noted improvements between Telltale's episodic releases. After all, with endearing, demented characters like Sam and Max taking up quite a bit of the screen, who cares how many polygons are left for that pot plant in the corner?

""We wanted to bump everything up presentation-wise for this season,"" said designer Chuck Jordan, drawing attention to the Telltale engine's impressive -- nay, tight -- visual enhancements. The Penal Zone, the first of five monthly episodes comprising Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse, features noticeably improved lighting, real-time shadows and more expressive facial animation. As Jordan pointed out, ""an expression can sell a joke for the first time.""

Based on the demo I saw at the Game Developers Conference, it's also apparent that the improved graphics do make a difference to that pot plant. Because you transform into one. ""When you finally get to control Max,"" Jordan said, ""it's really weird."" Like, really really weird.
Gallery: Sam & Max: Devil's Playhouse

One of Max's newly acquired psychic abilities (accessed from a bizarre first-person viewpoint) allows him to transform into any physical object -- provided he's seen it in the form of a picture or a painting somewhere in the environment (obviously). It's an interesting puzzle-solving device that introduces an ability-driven approach to complement the traditional reliance on inventory item ... and since it lets Max turn into stuff like pot plants and bazookas, it's also super funny.

More psychic abilities will be unlocked as the season continues -- can they really get stranger than pictorial transformation or telephonic teleportation? -- but the first few already show that Telltale is cognizant of the formulaic fallbacks in a few of its games. Inventory manipulation has also been inverted, prompting you to select an object in the environment first and then pick an item to use from a redesigned interface. Those changes seem to benefit the PlayStation 3 version of The Devil's Playhouse, which also abandons the point-and-click interface in favor of direct control over the demented duo on the left analogue stick.

Of course, it's also worth pointing out that Telltale's excellent, unhinged humor still plays a crucial role in Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse. I don't think fans will be disappointed by the delightful B-movie trappings, not when there's a talking brain, a megalomaniacal ape and a host of unanswered mysteries right from the start. Only an enigmatic narrator (Criswell's cousin?) hints at an explanation, but it's clear that the inevitably absurd answers will gradually be exposed as the season continues from its potent opener."
"The current push for government-run health care via the nuclear option  and last week’s Blair House TV snooze-orama are clear demonstrations that Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi, and Harry Reid share Vladimir Lenin’s tenacity to impose radical change where it’s not welcome — in fact, where there’s downright hostility to change by a solid majority of Americans.  And make no mistake, Lenin was first and foremost about the will to power.

Gale winds of public disapproval may be blowing against proposed government-run health care and its proponents, but Obama and congressional Democratic leaders plod forward with stolid determination, now extending by six weeks the time to work through an acceptable framework to pass so-called health care reform. If that extension fails to secure health care reform legislation, then these leaders may seek another extension, if possible, in an effort to wear down opposition to their designs.

Before liberals level charges of red-baiting, I’ll offer that the differences between Lenin and the Bolsheviks and Obama and left-wing Democrats are significant, many, and varied. Through skullduggery, battle, and blood, Lenin established a dictatorship of the proletariat, which history has amply shown was a thinly veiled dictatorship by Lenin and his Communist Party heirs.  There was nothing “soft” about Lenin’s tyranny or Stalin’s. The mass graves of tens of millions of victims bear mute testament to these despots’ infamy.

Obama, Pelosi, and Reid are decidedly pale reds, or as was said in an earlier generation, “pinkos.” But all three have grand ambitions, make no mistake, to achieve through imposition the social — or should it be said, socialist — democracy that lies with deadening weight across the width and breadth of Western Europe. These three Democratic leaders are working within our system of government to fundamentally alter government’s relationship to the people. If these three succeed, the American experiment in liberty will effectively end.

The president and the two congressional leaders are so blinded by their ideology, so bullheaded in accomplishing a radical transformation of health care, that they’ve discarded the common sense and instinct for self-preservation that usually governs politicians’ actions. Instead, this triumvirate makes rationalizations for support of a proposal that’s been DOA almost from its inception."
"I awoke to all the snow reports in the area reading between two and four inches. Then it was off to the webcams and CDOT cams. Vail Pass looked snowy and so did the top of Sun Up, I was head over the pass today for some more turns at Vail. 

Conditions were awesome, or crappy, depending on who you rode with on the chair. I will go with the former as will my new friend I made on High Noon. We lapped the chair a couple times together and both decided that although there was a definite crust under that few inches of fluff, it was pretty damn good skiing. 

The outside parts of the feet started to get to the point of ice bricks and the wind was biting my face. After four hours of powder hunting I decided it was time to head to the front side and get back to the truck. Stopped to buy the essentials for some chili, now off to tend to that."
"Windows Phone 7 Series. Get used to the name, because it's now a part of the smartphone vernacular... however verbose it may seem. Today Microsoft launches one of its most ambitious (if not most ambitious) projects: the rebranding of Windows Mobile. The company is introducing the new mobile OS at Mobile World Congress 2010, in Barcelona, and if the press is anything to be believed, this is just the beginning. The phone operating system does away with pretty much every scrap of previous mobile efforts from Microsoft, from the look and feel down to the underlying code -- everything is brand new. 7 Series has rebuilt Windows Mobile from the ground up, featuring a completely altered home screen and user interface experience, robust Xbox LIVE and Zune integration, and vastly new and improved social networking tools. Gone is the familiar Start screen, now replaced with ""tiles"" which scroll vertically and can be customized as quick launches, links to contacts, or self contained widgets. The look of the OS has also been radically upended, mirroring the Zune HD experience closely, replete with that large, iconic text for menus, and content transitions which elegantly (and dimensionally) slide a user into and out of different views. The OS is also heavily focused on social networking, providing integrated contact pages which show status updates from multiple services and allow fast jumps to richer cloud content (such as photo galleries). The Xbox integration will include LIVE games, avatars, and profiles, while the Zune end of things appears to be a carbon copy of the standalone device's features (including FM radio).

Besides just flipping the script on the brand, the company seems to be taking a much more vertical approach with hardware and user experience, dictating rigid specs for 7 Series devices (a specific CPU and speed, screen aspect ratio and resolution, memory, and even button configuration), and doing away with carrier or partner UI customizations such as Sense or TouchWiz. That's right -- there will be a single Windows Phone identity regardless of carrier or device brand. Those new phones will likely look similar at first, featuring a high res touchscreen, three front-facing buttons (back, start, and perhaps not shockingly, a Bing key), and little else.

Carrier partnerships are far and wide, including AT&T, Deutsche Telekom AG, Orange, SFR, Sprint, Telecom Italia, Telefónica, Telstra, T-Mobile USA, Verizon Wireless and Vodafone, while hardware partners include Dell, Garmin-Asus, HTC, HP, LG, Samsung, Sony Ericsson, Toshiba and Qualcomm. We're told that we likely won't get to see any third-party devices at MWC, though Microsoft is showing off dev units of unknown origin, and the first handsets are supposed to hit the market by the holidays of this year."
"In one room, Meade Esposito, the Democratic boss from Brooklyn, was tightening his grip on the Brooklyn waterfront.

Next door, New York’s former mayor, John V. Lindsay, was struggling with the teachers strike of 1968. And in the third room, an idealistic young woman from the Midwest was trying to teach poetry at Rikers Island.

It was just another day at a recording studio in Manhattan where New York stories are lifted off the printed page and into the spoken word for blind New Yorkers seeking audio versions of books about their city.

The little-known service is run by the New York Public Library out of the Andrew Heiskell Braille and Talking Book Library on West 20th Street.

“A lot of the books we record fall into that ‘New Yorkana’ category,” said Susan Mosakowski, a playwright and theater producer who runs the program, which puts out up to 50 titles a year, many of them New York-related books that have not had wide enough appeal to have been recorded by a publisher. “We have a lot of readers asking for books with a local interest, a local focus,” she said.

Dozens of New York-related books are displayed here: “NYPD: A City and Its Police,” by James Lardner and Thomas Reppetto;” “The Seltzer Man” by Ken Rush, about a veteran Brooklyn seltzer-schlepper; “Upper West Side Story,” by Peter Salwen.

A federal regulation enacted in the 1990s allows the library to record audio versions of books without having to secure publishing rights. Ms. Mosakowski has the luxury of being able to draw on New York City’s deep pool of vocal talent. Readers have included the Broadway actor Jeffrey Kuhn and Julie Pasqual, a storyteller, dancer and circus clown."
"Last season, the Cleveland Browns were...for lack of a better term, a hot mess. It all stemmed from the quarterback position, where 2007 first round pick Brady Quinn and relative journeyman Derek Anderson took turns not really getting anything done.
Sure, the Browns won their last four games of the season, but they still finished 5-11, and that late run was largely due to running back Jamal Harrison, who tallied 558 of his 852 rushing yards in the team's final three games.
As soon as the season ended, they agreed to bring in Mike Holmgren, the former head coach of both the Green Bay Packers and Seattle Seahawks who currently has a number of former assistants working in head coaching jobs around the league.
Back in January, on Dan Patrick's radio show, Holmgren said that he would be sure to decide on a quarterback before training camp started and stick with him. Little did we know he wasn't actually referring to anyone that was on the roster at that time.
I personally was certain he was talking about Brady Quinn, since it's just not necessary to devote time to Derek Anderson, who is as WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) as they come under center.
However, the events of the past week have been truly surprising, and have me re-evaluating Holmgren's plan. Anderson - considered a backup by most - was released, no shock there. However, Cleveland brought in ex-Seahawk (and Holmgren draftee) Seneca Wallace to replace Anderson.
They also have reportedly told teams that Quinn is available in trades, brought recent ex-Carolina Panther Jake Delhomme in for a visit today, and a"
"We went to an outdoor Symphony presentation of the BBC Blue Planet. The Fine Arts Museum has a hillside that provides near perfect seating for such an event. And it only rained enough to cause them to pass out free raincoats (flimsy but effective), not to get soaked.......

A friend Ken Elder passed away...one more farewell gathering missed while in Taiwan.

We drove, well Melissa did, we rode, to Taichung to support a fundraiser and visit some friends that teach at Morrison Academy who Melissa went to Russia with in 1994. Yep THAT long ago!

About 2/3 of the way there Melissa's car overheated. We stopped at a rest stop. Store, gas station and restrooms. (90 urinals)! Once we added 2 liters of water and the engine cooled some off we went. WELL about 20 minutes later we pulled over and (short version) rode in the car on the back of a flat bed tow truck into the next city to get a new thermostat and radiator. Sunday morning no less! AND back on the road in 2 hours!

We had dinner at Ponderosa, there are 2 in Taichung, with the Robarts then went back to their apartment for a short visit before driving home. It sure was nice to NOT have the extra servicing stops! This time the rest stop only had about 60 urinals..........

It was like driving to Regina and back for the day. WE'D NEVER DO THAT! Well ALMOST, never!! Dogs and Monday morning hair appointments pressed the return decision.

This afternoon I was out walking and noticed one clinic 'UROLOGY AND DERMATOLOGY' A curious combination in my limited experience! My mind wondered........I'll let you do yours and keep mine to myself, thank you very much.........

Well that's about it!"
At our Mobilize 09 conference, Frank Meehan, CEO of London-based INQ, told me that his company was going to follow on the heels of its successful Facebook phone with more devices, including lower-cost smartphones targeting fast-growing mobile markets such as India. Today, the company launched its social mobile phones in India — and INQ has roped in MS Dhoni, captain of Indian cricket team, as its spokesperson. Aircel, a mobile carrier, will be selling the device to its customers. The INQ Mini 3G and the INQ Chat 3G will be available in India. The INQ Chat 3G is a QWERTY device. The highly competitive Indian mobile market has made it difficult for carriers to bank solely on voice revenues. The INQ devices are being made available at a time when Indian carriers are looking for ways to goose their data revenues.
"Senator John Barrasso M.D. (R-WY), ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight in the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, recently released a report [PDF]on the subcommittee’s work in the first year of the Obama Administration. The report has less to it than might be imagined — in the first year, the subcommittee has failed to meet or to hold a single hearing of its own. “There were exactly two hearings in 2009,” Barrasso said, “a joint hearing with the full committee on June 9th, and a joint hearing with the Subcommittee on Water and Wildlife on July 8th.”

The subcommittee was chartered by Senator Barbara Boxer (D-CA), chair of the Environment and Public Works Committee, to perform oversight on the science involved with environmental issues. “Senator Boxer wanted the subcommittee to perform oversight on the Bush Administration, not the current administration,” Senator Barrasso said.  “We have made repeated requests to the chairman of the subcommittee [Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI)] to hold hearings [in the past year] but no hearings have been held. It has been a lost year for science oversight in the Senate.”

“There have been plenty of reasons to hold hearings,” Barrasso said. “For example, in April 2009, Shawn McGibbon, a career attorney with Small Business Administration, wrote part of a memo saying the EPA had not considered the economic consequences of an Endangerment Finding for carbon dioxide.” When the memo became known, McGibbons was “smeared as a ‘Bush holdover’” even though she was hired during the Clinton Administration. Later, McGibbons was replaced by President Obama.

In another incident, Dr. Alan Carlin, a 39-year veteran of the EPA, prepared a report skeptical of the real human impact on the climate.  Carlin (who has since written several articles for Pajamas Media) was instructed not to disseminate the report and, as Kim Strassel reported in the Wall Street Journal, was denounced by “unnamed EPA officials” as a “climate change denier.” Dr. Carlin eventually left the EPA."
"Recommendation engine Hunch confirms that they’ve raised a new round of financing – $12 million – led by Khosla Ventures. Partner Gideon Yu, who joined  Khosla Ventures last year, was previously the CFO of Facebook. He is now joining Hunch’s board of directors as part of the deal. Hunch was valued at $52 million in the round.

I spoke to cofounder Caterina Fake this evening about the round. Fake says that Hunch, which is less than a year old, now has lots of data to work with in making recommendations. In fact, she says, users have answered nearly 50 million questions on Hunch since launch, and the company can use that data to make better and better recommendations.

Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales joined the company’s board of directors in late 2009."
"It goes without saying that timing is everything. You can be like Friendster and show up too soon to the social networking party and then blow it. Or you can be like the iPod and make a splash despite being a late entrant to the MP3 player market. Unity Technologies, a 3-D gaming platform, has seen this movie from all sides. After struggling for nearly six years, the company’s gaming platform took off when Apple released iPhone and iPod touch.

With a platform that lets developers build lightweight, online 3-D games — perfectly suited for the iPhone OS-based devices — Unity became a disruptor in the games business virtually overnight. And it’s been on a bit of a roll over the past year, with a client roster that includes big names like Electronic Arts, the Cartoon Network and Disney. Mobile developers love the company, which secured a $5.5 million Series A round led by Sequoia in October of 2009. But it wasn’t always salad days for the company, which was originally based in Copenhagen, Denmark and is now headquartered in the Bay Area, as is made clear in my chat with Unity CEO David Helgason."
"What do you think of when everything around you suddenly slows down? When you are acutely aware of every tenth of a second as it passes?

I woke up Saturday morning to Kat's music in her room. When I looked in on her, she was dancing. Spinning in circles with her arms and hands outstretched, a huge smile on her face with her hair thrown around. ""UP, Daddy! UP!"" So I picked her up and danced to Itsy bitsy spider. Her face in mine, watching her smile and hearing her giggle. We spun around together like grinning fools, enjoying the moment. Nothing else really mattered.

AS the truck tire fell off the pavement, the DOT hadn't plowed and the front end swung around, I wasn't driving fast. Maybe 55 MPH. The roads were a mess, snow covered and no way to tell where the shoulder hid, waiting to pull you down to a catastrophe.

The boy has been sick. He had my cold and now has my cough. He has a rash and other problems that make him miserable. Last night Jill and I held him and tried to comfort him. He would have none of it. He stood and screamed at the injustice of it all; why did HE have to hurt? Did he really want these teeth? We held him and tried to comfort him and share his frustration.

The truck is sliding sideways, free of friction from the road and the tires held to nothing, just sliding over snow and ice. The headlights pointed into the median and the road starting to curve into my travel. Counter steer, just like I was taught in drivers ed, over 25 years ago. Pray, just like I was taught at home nearly 40 years ago.

Kat, wound up and cranky. Cabin fever making her temper boil. I found her at the door, in her jacket, hat and mittens. Crying to DO SOMETHING. Outside? Sled, she tells me. So I dressed quickly, put on her boots and carried her out and got the sled. I tell her to hold on and enjoy! She is going down the hill, faster and farther. Looking back for the security of daddy watching over her. Laughter and dancing, jumping up and down. Again! Again. Four trips in all, up the hill, position in the sled and point down the hill. GO! down the hill, faster than before, I hear her calling, Daddy!

There is a van stuck in the median. The truck has swung nearly 180* and I see the van coming up on my left. Or is it? The van is still, I am shooting towards it when the back of the truck hits the thick, wet, sticky snow of the median and the front end snaps around like a whip. The van seems to pass me by, when I should know I am the passer by. Nose into the deeper snow, slowing down as though I just drove into a lake. Snow splashing up all around, I see the snow pass over the hood and past my windows. How deep will I go?

Sunday morning, Jill took Kyle to the dr, leaving Kat home with me. Kat is mommy's little girl and spends a half hour crying for MOMMY! and looking all over the house trying to find her mommy. I distract her finally with the music from the day before and once again we are dancing, cheek to cheek. In a rare moment of perspective, I marvel and appreciate the moment. She doesn't want me to hold her often and we don't dance together. ""This is precious and I don't want it to stop."" I am in the moment and I know what priceless really means.

The truck is nearly in the other lane. Headlights flash in front of me, staring into my eyes. This makes it hard to see and I have my eyes open to meet my fate. What will happen when I finally come to rest? I am now heading back towards the middle of the median, snow showering all around me. Will my planner hit me in the head? Will my flashlight shake free and fracture my teeth? Will I be a burden to my family, paralyzed or blind? Is this all karma; am I wearing clean underwear?

A rough night last night. Wife and I got back to sleep around 530. We snuggled up close and dozed off. We had each gone to the children to help them get through the night and back to sleep. One woke the other and they both resented the interruption of sleep. We all did. Jill and I hit snooze and we wound ourselves closer to one another. I murmured in her ear; we used to do this every morning, BK. We cuddled and snuggled and stored up love and affection like squirrels storing nuts, corporate life is like a stark freezing Iowa winter. Store up your love and affection because outside of this house you don't have many friends or allies to help nourish your spirit. Some days that nourishment of your spirit runs out before you get to the safe haven of home.

I realize the truck has some response in the wheel. Maybe I can, I think. I am at the bottom of the hill, I have been plowing snow for a quarter mile. Give it some gas and steer. The worst that can happen is unthinkable; the best that can happen is still possible. The truck responds to the foot feed and slogs its way in the deep snow. Thirty more yards, twenty then five and OUT! We are on the road! Careful, don't go to the other ditch and look for cars coming down that hill! Keep driving a little faster, up to 45 and pointed in the right direction. Lets get home carefully, safely; ten miles to go and the road isn't any cleaner.

I park the truck at home and feel kind of weak. shut the garage door and go inside. It is too much to hope the kids are up; it is 8:15. DADDY'S HOME. A bundle of long brown curly hair runs out of her bedroom and throws herself around my knees. UP, UP, UP she commands. I pick up my daughter and a tear slides down my cheek. Jill comes into the kitchen carrying Kyle and we have a group hug. A hug has never been more precious or needed than right at that moment. I would freeze that moment in time if I could and never regret it. 

I feel like it took thirty minutes to drive through that median and another hour to get home but that hug lasted for barely an instant."
"The Nexus One is coming to Verizon — no, really, two months after a deal was announced by Google, the device is on its way. HTC has begun shipping the CDMA version of Google’s Nexus One to Verizon Wireless, according to a report in the Chinese-language Economic Daily News (hat tip, Digitimes). The nation’s largest carrier will begin selling the gadget in the next few weeks, joining T-Mobile USA, which has supported the “Google phone” since its January launch. But that won’t do much to boost Google’s mobile effort unless Mountain View throws some real marketing muscle behind the Nexus One.

There’s a lot to like about the Nexus One, which Om has praised as “the best Android phone yet.” The phone rocks the powerful 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and solid mobile browser, and is closely integrated with applications from both Google and third-party developers. But sales have been tremendously disappointing, prompting Goldman Sachs last week to slash its 2010 sales estimates for the Nexus One by a whopping 70 percent.

That lack of movement can be directly traced to an almost utter lack of marketing for the phone. (That’s a lesson Palm has learned with its Pre. Twice.) Google’s promotion of its flagship device consisted largely of a placing a modest link on its home page, and carriers — which are rightly terrified of their brands being elbowed out of the way — have only minimally backed the gadget. Worse, the phone is available only through Google’s online store, which most smartphone shoppers surely don’t even know exists. And that model isn’t likely to change with Verizon Wireless, as Kevin at jkOnTheRun noted last week.

Google has said since January that the Nexus One would be coming to Verizon Wireless, and the company is wise to combine its impressive hardware with Verizon’s rock-solid network. But if Google is really going to move the needle with its flagship device, it’s going to have to back it with some big-budget marketing campaigns."
"During the review of the Environmental Protection Agency budget in today’s Senate Environment and Public Works Committee hearing, both Senator Barbara Boxer — the chair of the committee — and EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson distanced themselves from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fourth Assessment Report (AR4).

Boxer and Jackson’s statements, in addition to being a striking change in policy, are problematic because U.S. climate science is very closely tied to the IPCC reports (as Christopher Horner showed in his recent PJM series on the NASA FOIA emails.)

The statements by Boxer and Jackson followed Senator Inhofe’s release (see the PJM exclusive report) in his opening statement of a minority staff report documenting many flaws in the IPCC report and the other evidence revealed in the Climategate files. (See the full hearing on CSPAN here; the exchanges with Senator Boxer and Inhofe, and Administrator Jackson begin at about 56 minutes into the video.)"
Hey BlackBerry friends -- we've got some news for you. The Engadget application (which is also available for the iPhone / iPod touch  and webOS devices) has gone and gotten itself a little update on RIM's platform. It's nothing crazy, but we've made some bug fixes, and more importantly, added support for 5.0 devices (Bold, Curve, and Tour)! The devs also thoughtfully included keyboard shortcuts (T, B, N, P, and the spacebar) in this version for your convenience. All you have to do to get your hands on this baby is point your phone's browser to our download page, or if you've already got the app installed, it should prompt you for an update automatically next time you open it. Storm users -- we are working on a version for you as well, and everyone who is curious about the Android app: you should see it released this month! 
"Time for your Tuesday edition of the Deadspin Funbag. Find more of Drew's stuff at KSK or on Twitter. Today, we're poop, menus, Minesweeper, afros, death, Gatorade, gayness, and more.

I've been losing weight recently, and one of the joys of losing weight is overemphasizing my own awe at my body's transformation. ""Why are my pants so loose? Why am I not sweating in my sleep? I feel stronger. More agile. WHAT'S HAPPENING TO MY BODY?"" I'm not saying I'm becoming Spiderman, but I wouldn't rule out such things. Also, my old Kasabian shirt fits again. It's the little things. Onto your letters.

Carlos:

    Me and my brother have come to the conclusion that whoever dies first will haunt the shit out of the other person. I'm gonna be a bad motherfuckin' ghost if I die, I will pull your teeth while you sleep, you bastard. FEAR ME.

Well, that's the main issue. Can you move around tangible objects when you're a ghost? Because that would be awesome. If you're a ghost, you have to be bored out of your mind, what with the whole stuck in purgatory business. The only thing there is to do if you're a ghost is spend most of your time fucking with the living. And so, like Carlos, I'd be a HUGE dick if I were a ghost. I'd turn on the faucets while you were taking a shit, just so you'd clench up, break off the turd, and get all mad. Also, I'd write out lots of vague messages on steamy bathroom mirrors. Shit like, THIS IS THE DAWN OF THE END. Also, I'd implore people in the house to avenge my death, even if I died normally. They don't know I died of a heart attack, so why not give them the illusion that I was murdered in the house, and that they must find the killer? OLD MAN JENKINS NEXT DOOR! YOU CAN'T TRUST HIM!

There are times, late at night, when my wife is asleep but I'm still tossing and turning, when I wonder if our house is haunted. It's not. But what if the specter of some old lady came through the wall and just stared at me? What would I do, apart from shit my pants? I visualize that shit, and then it fucks with me the rest of the night.

At college, one of the guys I sat on the football bench with told me his dorm room was haunted. One night, he was sleeping in his bed. He stirred, opened his eyes, and saw a dark figure standing by the bed. When he reached to touch the figure, his hand went through it. He turned on the light and there was nothing there. HAUNTED! Sure, he was almost certainly lying. But then again, there could have been a girl who had her throat slit by a demented professor in that very same room. I rule out nothing. Just once, I'd like to find myself in a haunted house or hotel room. Just so I can tell people of my brush with the paranormal.

I get very annoyed with reality shows about ghosts (like Ghost Hunters) that supposedly track ghosts and then come up with proof that includes a video still featuring a smudge of light glare. That's no ghost, you fuckers. Where are the chains?!"
"This has been the long, hot summer of ObamaCare. The president’s plan to change our health care system has led to ugly confrontations between ardent supporters and those who want no part of it. Repeatedly, arguments have broken out where opponents object to some provision and the president’s zealots retort that they’re lying or have been duped.

I would like to suggest that such arguments are beside the point. The specifics of the legislation are shifting and liable to change. What’s really important is the overall concept. We’re used to hearing that “the devil is in the details,” but in this instance, we should instead concentrate on the big picture.

Here is the big picture: Do we want a health care system that’s overwhelmingly political in nature? President Obama believes we need a system mainly directed by federal mandates and prohibitions. If he has his way, our already somewhat politicized system would become heavily politicized. Supposedly that would be in the public interest.

There are many Americans, however, who think that a heavily politicized health care system would be much worse. I’m among them. We believe, fundamentally, that systems of any kind that are dominated by politics do not do a good job of satisfying human needs. Whether it’s health care, food, housing, or anything else, government intrusion leads to increasing costs, declining quality, and the loss of freedom.

We get far better results from systems based on freedom and voluntary exchange. When individuals make decisions, they know their own circumstances and will either benefit from good choices or suffer the consequences of bad ones. That creates a strong incentive to make good choices and quickly change when you realize you’ve made a mistake."
"I'm back from my trip overseas and had a blast! But fun was coupled with sadness as day 1 I lose my phone :( That screwed a bit with my plans to tour around as I lost my handy internet-in-pocket device. Germany was great, meetings went really well and the weather was great. Then onto Amsterdam for vacation where it rained a bit everyday, but was still decent weather (and much better than home, so no complaints). One of the work guys ended up coming with me and we met up with friends from his old job. It was definitely a blast being down there with a big group of Canadians right in the middle of the Olympics. Especially since everywhere but North America lists the medal count by # of Golds, so Canada was #1.

Don't really want to type out any stories from the trip, but small 'highlights' were:
Losing phone, breaking glasses, waking up in a small pool of blood (lol), yummy schnitzel, a million gorgeous Audis, Dutch girls > German girls, Casino fun / insane beats, crazy last minute bookings and contingency plans, touring Red Light district, shopping, etc etc.

Really can't wait for another trip like this, I love travelling...but the downside, I missed my son like crazy! It was SO nice when I got him back. We've had a lot of fun so far since I got back especially because the weather's starting to be nice finally. We're spending a lot of time outside as he chases down birds and plays with rocks etc. He chases me down the street with his hands up to his head like horns or antlers all the while growling as loud as he can. It's hilarious and passerby's can't help but laugh too. On my trip there were so many times I wish I had him with me, love being reunited.



BUT you know what's insanely stupid?!?! Ex never went to visit her family. No road trip, nothing. Ie, absolutely no reason to use the piece of L's luggage I requested and was adamantly denied since she ""needed"" it. Such BS!"
Using a camera as an input device is hardly a new idea -- even on a mobile device -- but most examples so far have been to enable functionality not possible on a touchscreen. As Master's student Daniel Bierwirth has shown in the video after the break, however, a phone on a camera can also be used as an alternative input method for features like scrolling or zooming, potentially allowing for easier interaction on devices with smaller screens. Bierwirth also takes the idea one step further, and sees the system eventually including a second camera that's worn by a person, which would be able to detect when your hands are near the phone and allow for a range of other gestures. Check out his full report at the link below.
"To find out what the situation is like in Angers, I decided to go and have a walk around the city centre, and see what was open, what was closed, and if I came across any angry protestors. Angry protestors I did not find. But was Angers crippled by these strikes or not? Let’s find out.

When walking into down, it did appear to me that it felt a bit quieter than normal. There did not seem to be same number of cars which there normally are through the city centre. There were fewer buses running today in Angers, but not to the extent where there were no buses. There seemed to be adequate buses running and on the buses there did not seem to be crushes of people trying to get anywhere.

Moving into the town, no shops or banks were closed. It did not seem that any of Angers’ banks were closed.

The main thing which I found in the town was an increase in children. When walking into town, I noticed that the school near where I live was closed: I could see chairs on tables in the building. In town, it was evident that schools and colleges were closed. In the centre of town there were college students skateboarding in the central square, which usually happens only at weekends.

Moreover, there were many mothers with their children in town today. Seemingly trying to find something to do with them. Many times I saw a mother with one or two children with her. Also I came across a snake of 20 or so 4 or 5 year olds being looked after two or three women. Seemingly not enough of them to look after the children who they were looking after.

Also I came across a group of 14/15 year olds walking through town, about 25/30 of them, obviously not at school today, on a kind of shopping trip instead, all of them with H&M bags.

The amount of children and teenagers in the town centre obviously meant that many educational establishments were today closed today.

I then went across town to check out what was happening at the station. On the face of things you wouldn’t know anything was wrong. All the cancelled trains appear to have been taken off the departure board to hide the problems perhaps. Whatever, there seemed to be enough trains running today through Angers, only difference on the board was the addition of “Autocar” by some destinations.

Even the post office was open, albeit with a reduced service. Evidently some staff must have stayed away as there was a sign at the door saying that they were only serving people who wanted to send mail or make cash withdrawals.

Services like the firemen seemed to be unaffected, luckily! However when passing the fire station I did see the following:"
Custom computer cases that look like spiders aren't generally the sort of thing that are available to public, but Lian Li's new PC-T1R case is one big exception to the rule, and it's now edged a bit closer to a release. Previously only seen in a teaser video, a nearly final version of the case has now landed in the hands of the folks at techPowerUp, who have provided us with our first hands-on look at it. What's more, the site also says that the case should sell for "around €150" (or just over $200) when it's released, and that it will be available in black in addition to red. Of course, there will be some assembly required -- hit up the link below to see what's in store.
"The New York Times's City Room blog included a Friday piece on the orphaned Web site of Hiram Monserrate, a former state senator who is again running for office.  From ""When Not to Accept Comments:""

    Now, as many will remember, the former Queens legislator was tossed out of the State Senate in February after he was convicted of assaulting his female companion. His vacant seat will be filled in a special election on March 16 — an election in which, improbably, the disgraced Mr. Monserrate is also a candidate, on the newly formed and hopefully (or is it cynically?) named Yes We Can! line. (This proves, definitively, that you can usually find more than enough New Yorkers to take part in any crazy idea you have.)

    Candidate Monserrate (Yes We Can, Queens) doesn’t have a Web site for this campaign. But a few disgruntled residents found his old site and left some less-than-friendly messages.

Conveniently left unmentioned is the party to which Monserrate claimed allegiance as recently as last month.  As reported in The New York Times on February 9, 2010:

    The State Senate on Tuesday expelled a senator convicted of domestic assault, the first time in nearly a century that the Legislature has forced a member from office.

    The Senate voted 53-to-8 to immediately oust the senator, Hiram Monserrate, a Queens Democrat convicted last fall of a misdemeanor for dragging his companion down the hallway of his apartment building.

Amazing, isn't it, how quickly party affiliation is overlooked when the perp is a Democrat?  And yet, as documented repeatedly here on NewsBusters, quite predictable.        

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/mike-bates/2010/03/07/name-part-domestic-assault-edition#ixzz0iPMR6Bnh
"
"Many people (including myself) have come to the conclusion that Gmail, with its threaded messages, spam filtering, and vast storage space, is one of the web’s best webmail providers. In fact, we like it so much that we use it for both our personal accounts and work accounts using Google Apps. But that also poses a problem: many of us wind up having to maintain two separate Google accounts, which means we have to swap logins whenever our Gmail, Reader, or other data is stored under the other account. Fortunately, there may be an end in sight for this juggling act.

As today’s SXSW panel on Gmail came to a close, the panelists revealed one last juicy tidbit: they’re working to resolve the problems with multiple namespaces that users have to deal with. The team didn’t get specific — they simply repeated that they have to deal with the same problems, as they have “@google.com” accounts for work and standard Gmail accounts for personal use. And they know it’s a pain.

There’s no time frame, and we have no idea what form the feature will take. But at least we know Google is working on it."
"Did you watch any of the health-care summit yesterday in Washington? Guess what? The Republicans and Democrats are divided and likely can't find any common ground. All the morning press reports suggest that the Democrats may now use the parliamentary procedure known as ""reconciliation"" to pass a health-care bill with a simple majority and without any Republicans.

Rather than just repeat the arguments I've made repeatedly about the critical need for health-care reform in this country, and to include the tens of millions who are currently without health insurance (and sounding like a Democrat to some of you), let's get theological. Republicans, of course, have also used reconciliation before to pass measures they wanted--like the Bush tax cuts. So, let's look at that theologically.

First, the tax cuts that George Bush pushed through Congress overwhelmingly benefited the richest people in America--virtually all analysts agree with that fact. But many Americans haven't really calculated that the cost of those tax cuts for the rich was literally double what health-care reform is projected to cost. Double. Yet, there was not even a mention from Republicans, then or now, about the fiscal cost of such enormous tax cuts for the wealthiest people in America. And now they are doing everything they can to stoke public outrage about the cost of health-care reform (even though the Congressional Budget Office says the President's proposal will likely reduce the deficit by $100 billion over the next decade). How does that square with the biblical emphasis on the priority of the poor? There is simply no way to justify the habitual behavior of the current Republican party's clear preference for the rich over everybody else. Probably my best friend in the Congress was Republican Senator Mark Hatfield. The current Republican Party is a very different one than it was in Hatfield's time. I know he would not have liked the ""theology"" of his party today.

Second, the largest single government discretionary expense is for the military, for fighting wars. Military spending is also, historically, the most wasteful form of government spending with cost overruns, fiscal abuse, political corruption, and shameful pork barrel interests all part of standard operating procedures. So why is there a continual refusal from Republicans to apply their concerns about waste, fraud, and abuse about government expenditures to those expenditures? How does that square with the biblical call to peacemaking and the Christian doctrine that is, at least, suspicious of war as the answer to the problems of human conflict, which should either be outright rejected or very reluctantly accepted as an absolute last resort? There is simply no possible biblical mandate for giving the military a blank check as the current Republicans almost always do now. Again, this would have been bad theology for the evangelical Mark Hatfield, who courageously opposed the war in Vietnam."
"CNN went into full tilt in promoting its upcoming pro-gender ""reassignment"" documentary ""Her Name Was Steven"" with Anderson Cooper's interview of Chastity ""Chaz"" Bono, the daughter of Sonny Bono and Cher, on his AC360 program on Thursday. Cooper very sympathetically interviewed Bono, and threw softball questions, even going so far as to ask, ""How do you like shaving?""

The anchor heralded the ""extraordinary transformation"" of his guest at the top of the 10 pm Eastern hour, and noted that ""in a rare interview, he [Bono] talks about life as a man and the journey he's still undergoing."" Prior to the first segment of the interview at the bottom of the hour, Cooper aired a report from CNN's Gary Tuchman on ""how Chastity became Chaz."" The correspondent confused the English language to the point of referring to Bono with a male possessive pronoun at the beginning of a sentence, and then referring Bono as ""she"" within the same breath.
Story Continues Below Ad ↓

Tuchman's report featured three sound bites from People Magazine's Mike Fleeman, who also contributed to the confusion by referring to ""he"" [Bono] having a procedure normally associated with women:

    TUCHMAN (voice-over): Today, his name is Chaz Bono, but back then, she was Chastity Bono: not just her parents' sweetheart, but an American sweetheart....

    FLEEMAN: Chaz has given very little specific information about the actual procedure. We know that he's had a mastectomy. We know that he's been taking the proper hormones, know that he had a hysterectomy for unrelated reasons in the past, know that he's living completely as a man, know that he started shaving for the first time. 


Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/matthew-balan/2010/03/12/cnns-cooper-interviews-chaz-bono-part-pro-transgender-publicity#ixzz0iPSeZvmQ
"
"At this time of year, the sun does not rise at all this far north of the Arctic Circle. But Karen Margrethe Kuvaas says she has not been able to sleep well for days.

What is keeping her awake are the far-reaching ripple effects of the troubled housing market in sunny Florida, California and other parts of the United States.

Ms. Kuvaas is the mayor of Narvik, a remote seaport where the season’s perpetual gloom deepened even further in recent days after news that the town — along with three other Norwegian municipalities — had lost about $64 million, and potentially much more, in complex securities investments that went sour.

“I think about it every minute,” Ms. Kuvaas, 60, said in an interview, her manner polite but harried. “Because of this, we can’t focus on things that matter, like schools or care for the elderly.”

Norway’s unlucky towns are the latest victims — and perhaps the least likely ones so far — of the credit crisis that began last summer in the American subprime mortgage market and has spread to the farthest reaches of the world, causing untold losses and sowing fears about the global economy.

Where all the bad debt ended up remains something of a mystery, but to those hit by the collateral damage, it hardly matters. "
"Howell Raines lost his executive editor’s job at The New York Times for promoting the career of Jayson Blair, a black drug addict and fantasist who invented entire stories describing the hills of West Virginia from a saloon down the street in New York. But somehow Raines still imagines himself a media bigfoot who can pronounce on the State of Journalism, a one-man Pulitzer Prize panel. This is a little like a White House chef who poisoned an entire state-dinner crowd mounting a soapbox to lecture that the new chefs can’t be trusted.

Of course, that soapbox must be provided first. So who would give this naked man a fig leaf of respectability? The Washington Post would.

The Posties awarded Raines their marquee venue – the Sunday Outlook section -- to denounce Fox News Channel and its owner Rupert Murdoch. Announcing this was tugging at his ""professional conscience"" (thus suggesting he has one), Raines demanded to know ""Why can't American journalists steeped in the traditional values of their profession be loud and candid about the fact that Murdoch does not belong to our team?""

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/brent-bozell/2010/03/16/bozell-column-fraud-fights-fox-news#ixzz0iPJT7cDM
"
"Perfectly timed for the week President Barack Obama is pushing the House to vote on ObamaCare, on tonight’s (Tuesday) episode of CBS’s The Good Wife, set at a Chicago law firm, the lawyers “battle a health insurance company that refuses to pay for urgent in-utero surgery.” The CBS.com plug for the March 16 episode: “In an emergency courtroom set up in a hospital, Alicia and Will battle Patti Nyholm and an insurance company that refuses to pay for life-saving in-utero surgery.”

The last time I critiqued The Good Wife (“CBS Drama Showcases Blank Book that Mocks Palin as Empty-Headed Dunce”), NewsReal blog’s David Forsmark contended the program “is both politically and (more importantly) dramatically complex” and deserves credit for showcasing liberal hypocrisy.

So, I’ll hold out hope this episode will deliver more than just simplistic vilification of an insurance company and might, given the plot involves “in-utero surgery,” also forward pro-life perspectives. Watch and see.

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/brent-baker/2010/03/16/prime-time-cbs-drama-target-health-insurance-company#ixzz0iPO585aO
"
Halloween was so fun. Camden was Wolverine, AJ was a witch, Dilyn was a skeleton, and Austin and me went as the Beauty and the Beast. Guess who was who? lol. We started out going to bri's where she made the most amazing assortment of soups and the cutes little bread soup bowls that looked like pumpkins. Don and Vicci and Maretta and Madison. It was a lot of fun. we did a bit of trick or treating with Bridger, and Madison and then we went up to our neighborhood and went around the block, Camden and Aj about two houses were needing to go potty but they didn't want to leave their goal of getting candy so they did the potty dance as they waited at each door! haha! I tried to get a video on my phone but it was getting too dark and the people always opened the door right before i got it going... but it was dang funny! after we got home I hurried and got the kids bathed and Camden asked to hand out candy I think he was more excited about handing out candy than going to get candy! Camden would go look out the blinds and start hollering that the kids were coming then he'd run and grab the candy bowl and stand in front of the door.... after about 5 seconds he would set the bowl down and run back to the blinds and peek out to see where the kids were at.... then run back to the door stand infront of the front door and again wait till they did the door bell! it was quite entertaining! at one point we got some "bigger kids" and Aj looks at them and says your a "big kid" haha! the boys started laughing and he said "yup" it was a good night and lots of fun!
"California Dreamin turned out to be another California nightmare for Elliott Sadler and his 19 team. The buzz words were already flowing in pre-race and qualifying quotes, almost in an eerie foreshadowing of the Sunday to come.“We have a lot of effort put into our front clips, front geometry, trying to get the front tires to work as efficient as we can. Some owners may be thinking its body, motors, rear clips, center cage….there are many things that you can work on. Right now we’re really working on our front clips area, bump stop and front geometry stuff. As a team, we think that’s where we need to be better. Right now, that’s where the emphasis has been with winter testing so far.”Listening via the greatness of PitCommand, it was pretty clear from the start that Sadler was not happy but it goes further than that.Lap 5 caution (rain)Sadler after five (really 4) short laps tells CC Kevin Buskirk that there is a problem with the front end by announcing that the 19 car is ‘a little snug in the middle and a 
little snug back in the gas….and that the splitter seemed to be dragging a bit’, in the corners. After a small exchange that the 19 team finally figured out that the radios used need the ‘big antenna’ in order for Sadler to hear them (maybe the Best Buy Geek Squad should assist) another ‘track position’ pit strategy move instead of making an honest attempt to ‘fix’ an ill handling car, 2 tires and a half pound out of the right rear was the pit call. The 19 entered the pits running 25th, and took the green flag running 21st.Side note: This caution lasted over 15 laps and it was during this caution that Sadler was asking for the dreaded TRACKBAR change in order to give him some more ‘forward bite’. Since the last pit stop, no green flag laps had been run, and Sadler is already ‘complaining’ about the car. Not that there is anything wrong with this, except for the ‘strategy’ 2 tire stop laps before. Why not simply make the changes, take four tires, lose a few positions , in the name of making the car better in  he long run? But I have been a broken record about this for almost a decade.Lap 35 scanner chat:Sadler tells Buskirk that the 19 is ‘still dragging the splitter on entry’, and is a ‘little free off’. The 19 car is running 26th at this time.Lap 41 caution (rain): Sadler reinforces that the ‘splitter is still dragging too much on entry’ He goes a bit more in depth for his CC with ‘Front end is trying to work, its better than yesterday.’ And lastly again states he wants ‘a little more forward bite on exit’. Buskirk quickly and commandly tells the 19 team to go up on all 4 tire pressures and to add a ‘packer’. (not sure which tire the bump stop was added to though). Sadler added that he didn’t think it would need much, maybe a ‘1/16th’, not much more. The 19 enter the pits running 27th, and took the field running 39th. It was then decided after a nice suggestion by Brett Griffin that it might be a good idea to ‘top off’ because there were only two cars running behind the 19. After topping off, the 19 takes the green flag running 40th.
"
"When Valve confirmed Mac support for Steam last week, I emailed the Joystiq team with the following claim: ""this is arguably the biggest gaming news on Mac OS ever."" It seems Valve shares the sentiment, as the company's John Cook – director of Steam development at Valve – calls it ""the biggest event in Steam's history."" He also answered some more of our questions via email, so read on!


Joystiq: Just to clarify, Steam users with games already purchased on Windows and that have Mac versions available will have those Mac versions accessible to them immediately in Steam, for no extra charge?

John Cook: This is supported by ""Steam Play."" We are using this feature to provide cross-platform access to all Valve games to those who already own the PC version. We hope other developers and publishers will use it in the same way.


Some blogs have reported that Valve ""hates the Mac"" – From Gabe: ""So, they seem to think that they want to do gaming, but there's never any follow through on any of the things they say they're going to do. That makes it hard to be excited about doing games for their platforms."" So, as a followup, was Apple involved in this endeavor at all? Did they provide any programming resources or platform-level assistance?

First, the statement that Gabe hates the Mac is erroneous. In fact, he worked on a 6Mhz Lisa running a Mac emulator in his first post-college job and is involved in the current Mac work on a daily basis. As for Apple, yes -- we've been working with them on this project and we're looking forward to expanding that relationship as we launch Steam for the Mac."
"On Tuesday's Situation Room, CNN's Jack Cafferty returned to targeting Nancy Pelosi, this time for endorsing the controversial ""Slaughter Solution"" to passing ObamaCare through the House of Representatives without a vote. Cafferty labeled the proposal ""beyond sleazy,"" and later flatly remarked, ""This reeks!"" The commentator even gave some rare kudos to House Republicans [audio clips from the segment available here].

Cafferty devoted his 5 pm Eastern hour commentary to Pelosi's support for the ""deem and pass"" procedural maneuver that Democratic Representative Louise Slaughter submitted as a possible way of getting the Senate version of health care ""reform"" passed through the House. He wasted little time in expressing his amazement at the move: ""Just when you think you've seen it all in Washington, along comes something like this. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi may try to pass the controversial health care reform bill without making members vote on it- simply unbelievable.""
Story Continues Below Ad ↓

Later, after using his ""beyond sleazy"" label, Cafferty ripped into the House Speaker and her Democratic colleagues, and commended their Republican opponents for speaking out against the so-called Slaughter Solution: ""Pelosi says of this process- quote, 'I like it, because people don't have to vote on the Senate bill,' unquote. In Nancy Pelosi's world, accountability is a dirty word....This tactic has been used in the past, but never- never for something as big and important as the $900 billion health care reform bill- never. Republicans are jumping all over this, rightfully so. They're painting it as a way for Democrats to avoid taking responsibility, which is exactly what it is. Some even suggest it's unconstitutional.""

Near the end of the segment, anchor Wolf Blitzer remarked, ""We're earning a lot about reconciliation, about 'deeming' bills passed into law. We're getting a little civics lesson out there, aren't we, Jack?"" The CNN commentator replied, ""We're learning a lot more about lack of political guts."" When Blitzer retorted that ""that's been around for a while,"" Cafferty bluntly replied, ""Not quite in this obnoxious form or noxious form. This reeks!""

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/matthew-balan/2010/03/16/jack-cafferty-pelosi-beyond-sleazy-endorsing-slaughter-solution#ixzz0iPRlUZ3N
"
"Taylor Harris, a black University of Virginia graduate now studying writing at Johns Hopkins, had an excellent article (“Racial pawns in the battle for same-sex marriage”) in the Washington Post recently.

“All too often,” she begins, white liberal classmates at the University of Virginia would ask, “Shouldn’t blacks, more than any other group, support gay rights?” She continues:

    I never understood my classmates’ need to align the historical struggles of blacks with those of homosexuals and then push their quadratic equation of oppression on me. Was not one point of Ralph Ellison’s Invisible Man, a classic text for college seminars, that blacks deserve an existence free from an assigned role? That they should not be pawns in any social movement? And even if they hadn’t read the book, wasn’t it clear that stereotypical assumptions based on race are regressive?

On that last point, it’s certainly not clear to everyone. What would there be to “diversity,” after all, without the assumption that blacks are one and all “different” enough to provide it to others? For the purposes of “diversity,” in short, blacks are fungible: because they are all “different,” they are all the same. But let’s leave “diversity” aside for now and return to the issue of blacks and gays.

“Hearing that from my white peers was one thing,” Ms. Harris continued,

    [b]ut last month, one of our greatest civil rights leaders also sang the same cacophonous tune in an attempt to peg African Americans’ morals and opinions to our socio-historical identities."
"Joe Sheehan over at Basketball Prospectus is back aboard a favorite old hobbyhorse  of his — the NCAA selection committee's habit of matching up non-BCS schools in the first round — and damned if he doesn't have a point.

This year, we have UNLV-Northern Iowa, Butler-UTEP, Richmond-St. Mary's, Temple-Cornell. That's not an inordinate number of mid-major vs. mid-major pairings; if you were to randomly generate a bracket, as Kevin Pelton did, you'd get four or five such games. But here's Sheehan:

    The thing is, it's *not* a random process. They're sitting down, doing a bracket and shoving these teams together, while also giving us Cal/Louisville and Clemson/Missouri. I stand by the idea that this is intentional, and has increased since the Wichita State/George Mason regional semi in '06. They simply don't want more than one, maybe two widely spaced Cinderellas getting to that second weekend.

    Running at this from a different direction, follow the money. Conferences get shares based on how far their teams advance in the tournament. It's best for the dominant conferences if the smaller ones are capped in how many shares they can get.

    [...]

    It's bad for the tournament and for the game. Cornell, UTEP, St. Mary's, UNI...these teams can't get games against BCS schools in the regular season short of playing at their place, and sometimes not even then. The tournament should provide some of that opportunity, and it's aggressively not doing so, essentially protecting the scheduling practices of BCS schools by not potentially exposing them to quality lower-conference teams in the tournament.

There's a case to be made that just about any first-round matchup of mid-major teams is both somewhere south of ideal — fans don't want Cinderella vs. Cinderella — and easily avoided. That the selection committee feels otherwise, Sheehan argues, isn't so much a wicked conspiracy as it is the inevitably perverted outcome of letting people with skin in the game decide who gets to play whom and when. I'll buy that. For all the talk of ""peeling the onion"" and all the ludicrously pained efforts at objectivity (a reliance on that worthless bit of bottom-dealing known as the RPI, for instance), the selection process is in reality little more than an exercise in looking at the big blinking neon arrows all around you and doing exactly as they say."
"Back during the 2008 presidential campaign, then-Sen. Joe Biden, the Democratic nominee for vice president said it was ""patriotic"" for people to pay more taxes, in an interview on ABC's ""Good Morning America."" But what if you don't have to pay more taxes legally?

Biden's reasoning was simplistic - that we all need to ""jump in, time to be part of the deal, time to help get America out of the rut."" But according to CNBC's Jim Cramer, based on legal precedence, the Internal Revenue Service encourages people to pay as little tax as possible, as long as it is within the boundaries of the seemingly endless U.S. tax code.

""The government has made it very clear in a series of tax rulings since the income tax started - and I learned this at law school - that it is actually well within your patriotic right to try and pay as little tax legally,"" Cramer said on CNBC's March 12 ""Street Signs."" ""See, tax avoidance is actually part of the IRS - says listen tax avoidance, you can do it. Tax evasion is against the law. Tax avoidance, the IRS has always said listen you have every right to try and have tax avoidance. And believe me, I'm going to take advantage of it.""

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/jeff-poor/2010/03/12/biden-debunked-cramer-declares-avoiding-taxes-patriotic-duty#ixzz0iPLll5FX
"
"Who would have ever thought that ""a bike"" would bring me onto such a positive & life changing path?

On 01 January 1994, I realized that there was more to life than: guzzling an expensive bottle of Robert Mondavi Chardonnay, being the belle of the ball, speaking of what others need to work on, and/or sitting daily on the same coach (in self pity). So, I bought a 10 year old Bianchi Road Bike. And I began a 6-month intense cycling training for a cycling event called the California AIDS Ride #2.

In May of 1994, I left San Francisco with $3.00 in my pocket, no idea of how I was going to return, a questionable bike, the fear of failure, and began to cycle (along with 1500 other cyclist) toward West Hollywood. Seven days, 575 miles later, I arrived in West Hollywood. At which point, I realized it is possible to step outside of your normal routine. I realized it is possible to empower yourself while assisting others. I realized that I wasn't alone in my ideas of creating a better world. And I realized that miracles could occur (after all, I made it back home with $3.00 in my pocket)."
"Facebook’s f8 conference  is shaping up to have quite a few improvements in store for developers, and we think we’ve come across another one: a change to Facebook’s data retention policy. Yesterday, Facebook employee Monica Keller (who left MySpace to join  the company last month), took part in a conversation on Twitter that seemed to indicate that developers may no longer have to delete user data. The possible change came to light after Gnip CEO Eric Marcoullier gently chided Keller about developers being unable to store any user data, to which she responded, “come to f8!”.

Since that tweet, we’ve heard further whispers about a change to Facebook’s 24 hour policy retention, and that Facebook is already briefing developers on the upcoming changes."
"Britain's small businesses are being offered free domain names and website hosting in a bid to get every plumber, window cleaner and green-grocer online.
Up to 1.5 million of the UK's sole traders and micro-business owners don't have a web presence at the moment. The British government wants to do something about this, and they've teamed up with Google and BT to solve what they perceive to be a problem.
The result is an initiative called Getting British Business Online which has the bold ambition of getting 100,000 commercial websites running by the end of 2010. The core of the program is the GBBO 'wizard' that makes it easy for a business owner to create a site in about 15 minutes. There are plans for PayPal to add an e-commerce platform in the next couple of months.
Subscribers to this free service get their own choice of a .co.uk domain name and two years of free hosting. The pages are built with Google sites, while BT offers free telephone support to allow users to ""create an effective online presence.""  In addition, the UK has launched a qualification called, ITQ for Doing Business Online, which is aimed at helping businesses get the most from their website, thus allowing them to become more competitive.
According to the UK Secretary of State for Business, Lord Mandelson: ""Encouraging more businesses to seize the opportunities the internet offers is particularly important now that the economy is growing again.""
It remains to be seen whether Britain's army of offline entrepreneurs are tempted to start promoting their wares online through this offer of a free website.
"
"Email messages obtained by the Competitive Enterprise Institute via a Freedom of Information Act request reveal that the climate dataset of NASA’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies (GISS) was considered — by the top climate scientists within NASA itself — to be inferior to the data maintained by the University of East Anglia Climate Research Unit (CRU).

The NASA scientists also felt that NASA GISS data was inferior to the National Climate Data Center Global Historical Climate Network (NCDC GHCN) database.

These emails, obtained by Christopher Horner, also show that the NASA GISS dataset was not independent of CRU data.

Further, all of this information regarding the accuracy and independence of NASA GISS data was directly communicated to a reporter from USA Today in August 2007.

The reporter never published it.

—————————————


"
"When Sen. Evan Bayh of Indiana announced last week he wasn’t running for re-election, he didn’t state what may have seemed obvious. He couldn’t say he wanted to avoid the embarrassment of losing, or that he worried he’d never achieve national office if that happened. Instead, he launched into a lecture about what was wrong with everyone else. The government is ""dysfunctional"" with ""brain-dead partisanship.""

It’s ""Groundhog Day."" This scenario repeats itself every time the Democrats take control.

Bayh’s bleats hardened quickly into the media’s conventional wisdom. Why can’t the politicians hold hands in a Kumbaya circle and get ""something"" done? Translation: when Obama and a Democrat-dominated Congress can’t nationalize the health-care system and force everyone to drive a Prius, suddenly government is ""dysfunctional."" When gridlock is holding up the liberals’ agenda, Washington should know ""the people"" sent them to pass massive ultraliberal bills.
Story Continues Below Ad ↓

These media mathematicians clearly have thrown their polling calculators out the window. When Newsweek recently asked independents if they supported the Democrat health proposals, 26 percent were in favor, and 62 percent were opposed. But the ""wisdom"" in town says Democrats must pass these health bills or get crushed in November. Now who can’t seem to acknowledge, to borrow from Stephen Colbert, that ""reality has a conservative bias""?

Reality tells you many Democrats are political toast, thanks to ObamaCare. Hence, bye-bye Bayh. But our journalists put on their choir robes and continue to sing the sad song in unison: Why do we have a ""Broken Government""? CNN actually launched an entire series of reports with that title.

Read more: http://newsbusters.org/blogs/brent-bozell/2010/02/23/bozell-column-broken-government-when-liberals-lose#ixzz0iPKL7Ltc
"
"Maybe Thomson Reuters was feeling nostalgic about the flurry of negative attention that both the New York Times and the Washington Post got last year when they came out with policies on the use of social media tools such as Twitter and Facebook. For whatever reason, the wire service recently issued new guidelines for its staff, and they suffer from many of the same problems that both the NYT and WaPo policies did. All of these flaws boil down to one thing: A desire to control something that fundamentally can’t be controlled, and a fear of what happens when that control is lost. Without even bothering to enumerate the positive aspects of social media use, the policy starts in with the warnings right away:

    We want to encourage you to use social media approaches in your journalism but we also need to make sure that you are fully aware of the risks — especially those that threaten our hard-earned reputation for independence and freedom from bias or our brand.

The risks, of course, are everywhere — someone might say something embarrassing, or post a tweet that others could twist to disparage Reuters:

    The advent of social media does not change your relationship with the company that employs you — do not use social media to embarrass or disparage Thomson Reuters. Our company’s brands are important; so, too, is your personal brand. Think carefully about how what you do reflects upon you as a professional and upon us as an employer of professionals."
"Recently Presidential Special Advisor David Axelrod has been painted as a beleaguered figure, upset at the world he sees around him. Today he told the Republicans to ""make my day"" and the Israelis a new policy announcement was an ""insult.""

Axelrod and White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs were doing the rounds on the Sunday talk shows to talk about healthcare reform, among other topics. Gibbs told Fox News Sunday that Democrats would have enough votes to pass the bill in the next week or so and that soon we wouldn't be ""talking about health care as a proposal, but as the law of the land.""

Tom Brokaw, on Meet the Press, asked David Axelrod about the political cost of that reform for upcoming elections. Axelrod leapt up on the table, and began savagely beating him (metaphorically):

    If the Republican Party wants to go out and say to that child who now has insurance or say to that small business that will get tax credits this year if he signs the bill to help their employees get health care. If they want to say to them, ""You know what? We're actually gonna take that away from you. We don't think that's such a good idea."" I say, let's have that fight. Make my day. I'm ready to have that. And every member of Congress ought to be willing to have that debate as well.

Enough ass-kicking work for one day? Not for fuck-you-Axelrod. Israel have potentially torpedoed delicate negotiations with Palestine by announcing a plan to build 1600 new homes in Jerusalem. He told ABC's This Week that the move was both an ""affront"" and an ""insult."""
"We see this when He demands of us the impossible. Jesus told people to ""go and sin no more."" (Jn. 5:14, 8:11) Not, go and sin less. Sin no more. Impossible. ""Husbands, love your wives as Christ loved the church."" (Eph. 5:25) ""Be perfect as your heavenly Father is perfect."" (Matt. 5:48) God asks of us the impossible, we fail, we sin - we separate from God because we can't do the impossible. 

But God can. All things, it says in Matthew 19 when speaking of salvation (something impossible for us to achieve on our own), are possible with God.

The Bible starts with this very thing: In the beginning God created. God was there when time began and created. How? By the impossible task of creation through speaking. I can't get my daughters to turn off the lights in their room with my words, but God said, ""let there be light."" AND THERE WAS LIGHT! Not just a 50w bulb here; there was LIGHT. From His voice! The Psalmist says God breathed out stars and gathers the waters of the seas into jars. (Ps. 33:6-7) And this is just the start. God is so big he deals in the realm of the impossible.

And so it's no surprise that Christmas is an impossible night. Let's turn to John 1, starting in verse 10:

He was in the world, and though the world was made through him, the world did not recognize him. He came to that which was his own, but his own did not receive him. Yet to all who received him, to those who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God— children born not of natural descent, nor of human decision or a husband's will, but born of God. 

The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us. We have seen his glory, the glory of the One and Only, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth.

Impossibly, God the creator entered into His creation at Christmas (well, technically, at Jesus' conception.) The world was made through him (Jesus), and He became flesh and made his dwelling among us. As our pastor, Jason, reminded us this morning [12/20 sermon], God did not just drop in for a visit. He was born into our world. He became one of us. God became a man: impossible. He was born to a virgin. Impossible. He came that we might be saved. Impossible.

Impossible for man, but with God all things are possible. Angels appeared to shepherds. Angels appeared to Mary & Joseph. Sages from far away read Jesus' birth in the stars. The creator God of the universe who is big enough to breathe out stars became a baby, wrapped in laid in the humblest of mangers. Proclaimed by angels, worshipped by shepherds and foreigners - Jesus entered His creation, became Immanuel: God with us. He made it possible for us to become born again, something which again is impossible - without God. A little baby displayed the glory of God. The smallest of infants demonstrated, through His impossible birth and through the bigness of who this baby was, the immensity of God's grace, His mercy, His love.

This is why Christmas is a reason to worship, to celebrate, to be in awe of this GREAT BIG GOD who came for us who deals in the (what is for us) impossible in impossible ways – that’s the message of Christmas and it’s what we rejoice in at Christmas."
It's been something of a long road to this point (beginning with the company being founded by some laid off OpenMoko employees), but Qi Hardware's ultra-compact, open source Ben NanoNote (actually, 本 NanoNote) is now shipping for just $99. That will get you a bare bones device that can simply be used as a Linux-based "handheld laptop" out of the box or, as the company hopes, be turned into anything from a PMP to an offline Wikipedia device. Something along those lines would seem to be the most practical, considering the device only has a 3-inch 320 x 240 display, along with some similarly basic specs including a 336 MHz XBurst Jz4720 CPU, 32MB of RAM, 2GB of flash storage, and a microSD card slot for expansion. Head on past the break for a look under the lid.
"Some days later, Alessandro shared this interesting post about the several versions of Flash available on Android.It's now clear that a new Flash Lite is coming 'soon'.
What is it (apart to support AS3, alleluia) ? For which platform ? Available throught CS4 or CS5 
Like I reported previously, it's strange how Adobe isn't sharing the information on FLite 4.0...Perhaps to avoid the confusion with FP10.1 ?
I only hope one thing : to see FL4 (and FP10.1) working on Android emulator!
Actually, apart an old S60 SDK which let you play FL1.1, I never found an emulator (nokia, se, android,...) able to play FL files
and no, unfortunatly, the HTC Desire ROM doesn't work on Android emulator, since it's not for the right ARM processor :("
"With despair gripping New York Democrats over ethical scandals claiming Governor David Patterson, Rep. Charlie Rangel (D-NY), and Rep. Eric Massa (D-NY), New York’s Attorney General Andrew Cuomo cuts a heroic figure as the presumptive heir to the governorship.

But catching up with Cuomo is his relationship with the mortgage meltdown that nearly destroyed the American economy. Appointed by Bill Clinton as secretary of the U.S. Department for Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Andrew Cuomo has been called “the father of the subprime crisis” for the policies he orchestrated.

It was Cuomo’s directives that mandated HUD to vastly increase the amount of risky home loans bought by quasi-governmental housing giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Now, Cuomo may be haunted by his tenure as HUD secretary, where he planted the seeds for the nation’s housing collapse.

Though America’s financial fortunes suffered after Cuomo’s time at HUD, his own personal fortune soared. The bulk of this financial “windfall” came courtesy of Andrew Farkas, the billionaire real estate developer who helped Cuomo amass his wealth as a business partner and campaign fundraiser. Farkas — now Cuomo’s financial chairman as he circles the governorship — has personally given Cuomo at least $1.8 million in cash."
"riginally posted this a couple weeks ago after the link was forwarded to me, but rewrote my thoughts after seeing it a few times.

I'll still watch it again. A few times are not enough for me. Each time you watch you'll see another inspiring moment. Sometimes I just want to quit work and practice, so I can join the fun.

(Many of my best articles start with ideas from readers like you, so please keep sending me your thoughts!!!)

This documentary is not new, but totally worth your time.



It's interesting watching these young ballet dancers grow into Flamenco dancers. The clapping exercises, the timing, and the process they go through are amazing. Few of us could be that good without their background, but it's still worth checking out even if you're a casual dancer.

It's very inspirational. They start so ""simple"" and build!

The passion from the instructors is obvious. They clearly know the history and story behind the music and movements. They combine amazing technique with an understanding of the feel, providing depth behind the movements.

You have to love the ""circle"" concept (around 26 minutes), where individuals take a turn dancing solo while everybody else provides the rhythm foundation and support. Hip-hop dancers do this all the time, but obviously it's been around a few centuries before they were born. (As they say, little is truly new. Most great artists build on the shoulders of the giants before them...)

Obviously this passion is way beyond what most of us will do social dancing. When you see the results from lots of hard work it may inspire you to work a little harder so you can join the fun too.

Great dance has it's moments of intense work. When it all comes together in the end it's a beautiful, inspiring, sensual experience.It's hard not to smile and feel good watching them perform.

Special thinks to Valentine Doran for turning me on to this clip.

Let me know what you think! 

More details:"
"Word from Apple is out -- so get your credit cards ready. The iPad will be launching on Saturday April 3rd (and on the shelves, er... display tables at Apple retail stores), but you'll be able to plunk down cold, hard cash for it in just a week. Pre-orders will begin on March 12th for the US version (non-3G) for that April street date, with the 3G version coming in late April along with iPads for eager buyers in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, Switzerland and the UK. Says our man Steve Jobs: ""We're excited for customers to get their hands on this magical and revolutionary product and connect with their apps and content in a more intimate, intuitive and fun way than ever before."" Remember, it's magic. US pricing will be as follows (just in case you need to figure out how many piggy banks to smash):

    * 16GB WiFi only -- $499
    * 32GB WiFi only -- $599
    * 64GB WiFi only -- $699
    * 16GB WiFi + 3G -- $629
    * 32GB WiFi + 3G -- $729
    * 64GB WiFi + 3G -- $829

Need more info? Full PR after the break! "
"In sports, everyone is a winner—some people just win better than others. Like Michael David Barrett, Erin Andrews's peeper, who was sentenced yesterday to two-and-a-half years in prison and life as another triple-named American villain.

Maybe some J.D. out there (or, that failing, an ESPN.com commenter) can explain this to me. U.S. District Judge Manuel Real said the 30 months was the maximum he could've imposed, though a quick glance at the federal sentencing table would suggest that Barrett's term actually falls toward the low end. (Stalking carries a base offense level of 18, i.e. 27-33 months, though the fact that Barrett chased Andrews all across the Marriotts of America probably should've taken it up a couple of ticks). In any case, Andrews is not pleased:

    ""I'm at the angry stage right now,"" the ESPN reporter and upcoming contestant on ABC's ""Dancing With the Stars"" said outside court.

    ""I'm mad. Thirty months is not enough.""

    [...]

    She blasted Barrett for claiming he should get leniency because he's paying for his guilty plea with public humiliation and spoke searingly in court about her own fear and suffering.

    ""Let's talk about public humiliation, Mr. Barrett,"" Andrews said. ""I'm living public humiliation. The picture on the Internet is mine, it's not his."""
"CNN received two awards on March 13 from the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) during its annual GLAAD Media Awards. The American Morning program received the ""outstanding TV journalism segment"" award for an interview of a child who refuses to say the Pledge of Allegiance until homosexuals have ""equal rights,"" while Joy Behar received their ""excellence in media"" award for her HLN program.

The homosexual activist organization's press release on the awards revealed that ""CNN's American Morning producer Beth Marengo and Will Phillips accepted for the Outstanding TV Journalism Segment, 'Why Will Won't Pledge Allegiance' which featured Phillips and his father. In a rousing speech that elicited a standing ovation, 11-year-old Phillips said: 'I know there are certain political restraints that make action difficult, however lack of equality for some is lack of equality for all and I think its time for us all to get equal.'""
Story Continues Below Ad ↓

Anchor John Roberts interviewed Phillips and his father on the November 16, 2009 edition of American Morning. As NewsBuster Noel Sheppard pointed out, the two were given much better treatment than tea party protesters were given earlier in 2009.

Behar received her ""excellence"" award from NBC Today show anchor Meredith Vieira. The GLAAD press released trumpeted how the HLN host ""has shown a strong commitment to educating the public about the lives of gay and transgender people."" The TVNewser blog on March 14 reported Behar's beyond positive reaction to the recognition: ""I'd rather have that than the Oscar...It shows that people who struggle in this society with public image and being behind the eight ball with their rights, they recognize that someone like me who has the microphone can support them."""
Hear ye, hear ye! I doth proclaim myself a full-fledged (or as close as I can be) adult. I’ve schooled. I’ve worked. I’ve lived. I’ve toiled. I am a fully-fledged adult. I’ve taken on responsibility. I’ve buckled down when the times required me to. I’ve been the epitome of Emily Post’s great-great-grandchild. Yes, I am a full-fledged adult. I may now proceed onto bigger and better things. I am an adult who is comfortable in their own Chupa Chups skin. I’m as honest as can be. I feel really guilty lying to people, but I’m not one to shy away from a little white lie; you know, like the few times a homeless person comes up to you and asks you for change and you say you don’t have any. I mean don’t get me wrong. I give up my change if I have it. However, if I’m not in the best financial situations, I’m most certainly not going to give up my laundry money quarter to a stranger who’s probably making good on loose change. If I can’t afford to give coins, I do my best to offer whatever food I may have. (Haven’t you noticed that although they say they want something to eat, they’d rather get the cash instead?) So, yes, I am a fully-fledged adult. I practice good hygiene. In the winter, I shower, floss, brush, and rinse at least twice a day; morning and night. When summer time arrives, it’s at least three times. I commit to nourishing my body with healthy foods. I’ve just taught myself to eat celery. I’m not 100% there but I’m a good 40% there. I’ve taught myself to eat spinach, broccoli, bean curd, tofu, etc. Yes, I am a fully-fledged adult. Sadly, as this fully-fledged adult, my metabolism isn’t the best. It’s increasingly slowing down. It’s harder for me to manage my weight. Although I’ve not gained much weight, I’ve also not been able to lose any; mostly because I forget the most important part of the component of weight loss- actually get up off the couch. Sigh. SO to the world: I doth proclaim my adultness. I am one of you. I’ve joined your ranks. I’m a doer and not just a follower. World, that is all. Please continue with your day. Goodbye.
"Being busy with a lot of open projects at work and school has made me a bit tired. I get off work and have to go to school. I finish an exam at school and I have to deal with a tight deadline at work. Sometimes, I want to “pause” what’s going on around me and go and walk for couple of hours. I need to get my thoughts organized and defragged. I feel a subtle touch of fear in missing deadlines or missing important tasks. I’m always repeating/reviewing my Todo’s list in an effort to prevent any missed task. I hope I can stretch my mind over all these tasks and get to a level where I can handle
Multi- Multi -tasking .

As Oliver Wendell Holmes puts: A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimension"
"Does life behind the mouthpiece sometimes feel like there's a camera on the front of your bell, and you're on a high speed bobsled going ninety miles an hour? All the notes are flying by faster than they can be processed. We're on a race desperately trying to maintain control, dropping more notes than we nail. Is this a trumpet or a runaway Toyota? Somebody help!

Remember what Dad did when the family would get lost on vacation trips? He drove faster! Why is it that the harder the passage, the faster we go? Instead of the panic button, we should hit the brakes. With treacherous curves at every turn, cooler heads and slower practice speeds ought to prevail.

Dr. Phil has a two-word remedy for this ailment: SLOW DOWN! Everything improves at slower speeds. Notes can be seen, heard and controlled much better in slow motion. Think paycheck. You only get paid for well-played notes, period. Why not perfect as many notes as you can at your own comfortable tempo? High speeds may be resumed when conditions are safe."
"Thank you to everyone who has expressed interest in having Valery Lantratov come to your studio this summer. Our June and July schedules are largely full, and August is starting to fill up as well. Our direction will take us largely to the Midwest, as far west as Des Moines, Iowa and perhaps a bit further west, and ending in the Northeast in early to mid August.

Here are the time periods we still have available and the general geographic areas where we will be. If you have a studio in this area, or have a suggestion of a studio we should contact to schedule a class contact lauralee@doublevpromotions.com. Some of these dates, while currently available, are being considered by other studios, so please let us know ASAP if you have interest in a date.

June 21-22: Central Ohio

June 1-3: Potential areas for this date include Nebraska (Lincoln or Omaha areas); Kansas (Kansas City, Lawrence or Topeka areas); Sioux City, IA; Sioux Falls, SD or southern Minnesota.

July 4-5: We can offer a $50 discount for classes booked on these dates. We can get to any of the cities above or below.

July 6-8: Minnesota, Illinois or Wisconsin.

July 8-11: Chicago or Detroit areas.

July 13: Northern or central Michigan

July 22-24: Columbus, Ohio/Pittsburgh, PA area.

July 28-29: Harrisburg/York, PA area

August 3-4: Washington D.C./Baltimore area

August 6-7: Delware/Eastern MD

Thank you for your interest, and we look forward to seeing many of you this summer!"
"A recent article gave an interesting look into exorcism as practiced within the Roman Catholic Church. According to Father Gabriele Amorth, the Vatican's chief exorcist, the unfortunate sex abuse scandals in the Catholic Church is proof that ""the Devil is at work inside the Vatican."" Astonishingly, Father Amorth indicated that he participated in around 70,000 exorcisms during his 25 years as a Catholic exorcist. For any of you who are counting, that's a claim of approximately 7.5 exorcisms per day, for the last 25 years!

While Father Amorth's description of satanic possession seems quite graphic, from at least one personal experience I can affirm that a good portion of it is fairly accurate. I previously wrote about Satan's power and influence in a related post.

Without delving into the controversial sex abuse scandals or trying to figure out how Father Amorth has time to sleep or eat with his busy exorcist schedule, I'd like to discuss priesthood authority and its connection to rejecting satanic presence. Particularly, is Christ's true priesthood required to command Satan and his subjects? Can the faith of an individual (or the combined faith of those present) be used in an exorcism instead of invoking or wielding the true priesthood authority?

The apostle John once remarked to the Savior that ""[the apostles] saw one casting out devils in thy name; and we forbad him, because he followeth not with us. And Jesus said unto him, Forbid him not: for he that is not against us is for us"" (Luke 9:49-50)(emphasis added).

Does this mean that those without Christ's true priesthood authority are able to command and cast out devils as much as one with authority? Commenting on the phrase ""he followeth not us,"" Elder Bruce R. McConkie wrote:
""He was not one of the Twelve to whom the express power had been given to cast out devils (Matthew 10:8); he was not one of the inner circle of disciples who traveled, ate, slept, and communed with the Master. Luke has it: 'He followeth not with us'; that is, he is not one of our traveling companions. But from our Lord's reply it is evident that he was a member of the kingdom, a legal administrator who was acting in the authority of the priesthood and the power of faith. Either he was unknown to John who therefore erroneously supposed him to be without authority or else John falsely supposed that the power to cast out devils was limited to the Twelve and did not extend to all faithful priesthood holders. It is quite possible that the one casting out devils was a seventy.
...
""Only righteous men who are members of the Church, who hold the priesthood, and who are keeping the commandments, have power to perform miracles.... Our Lord had many faithful followers who had power by faith to cast out devils"" (Doctrinal New Testament Commentary, 1:417)(emphasis added).

To be clear, I do not believe the Catholic Church wields the true priesthood of God. Consistent with LDS theology, I believe Christ's true priesthood was lost to the world at large during the great apostasy. However, I also do not believe that Catholic exorcists, such as Father Amorth are followers of Satan. (See Matt. 12:25-26) Notwithstanding, is it possible that exorcisms can still be effectuated by individuals lacking the priesthood through an exercise and display of faith?

The Prophet Joseph Smith taught that ""faith is not only the principle of action, but of power also, in all intelligent beings, whether in heaven or on earth"" (Lectures on Faith, 1:13)(emphasis added). Indeed, it was faith that was invoked to frame the worlds (Heb 11:3), and it is through faith that all created things exist. ""[Faith] is the principle by which Jehovah works, and through which he exercises power over all temporal as well as eternal things.... And if the principle of power, it must be so in man as well as in Diety"" (Id. at 1:16, 18)(emphasis added).

When the Twelve were unable to cast a devil out of a ""lunatick,"" they queried the Savior on how He was able to finish what they could not. Christ then proceeded to teach them doctrines of faith, not of priesthoods. ""Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you. Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting"" (Matt. 17:20-21)(emphasis added). Thus, since prayer and fasting doesn't have any effect on whether one possesses the priesthood but instead affects one's level of faith, it appears that exorcism relies more on the principle of faith than on one's authority.

Admittedly, I have not taken part in or seen a Catholic exorcism (apart from what Hollywood concocts). I have, however, taken part in a handful of LDS exorcisms and can attest that one's faith plays an enormous role. Still, I am not certain of the extent that God's priesthood plays in such instances. Is the pristhood required simply to keep order? Yet, if an individual lacks the priesthood but has sufficient faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, can that individual command evil in His name? And, if that is the case, does Father Amorth truly exorcise evil spirits during his claimed frequent encounters?"
"""Each time Andrew Sullivan writes negatively about Israel (which is to say, almost every day), my e-mail in-box becomes flooded with pleas that I respond. Sometimes I don't, because I have other, better things, to do. But last week, after Andrew published an egregious and tendentious map meant to deny Jewish claims to virtually any of the land of Israel, I did respond, helped along by about 130 e-mails from readers who were as upset as I was that the Atlantic Magazine's website featured such crude agitprop. I responded quickly, and angrily (even making a mistake in accusing Andrew of not attributing the map. He did, to the anti-Israel academic Juan Cole.) Then, of course, Andrew responded quickly and angrily, and I spent a good deal of time thinking of ways to respond to his response to my response. And then I realized that this is not how I want to spend my life.

Yes, it's upsetting that Andrew Sullivan, a man of obvious intellectual gifts (and someone for whom I retain great personal fondness), has become an anti-Israel propagandist. But it's not my job to counter everything he says. He's not particularly interested in hearing fact-based arguments that undermine whatever argument he happens to be making, in any case. And even if he did care, it's not in the best interests of The Atlantic, or of my journalism, or my sanity, to spend my time worrying about Andrew's ever-shifting views on the Middle East.

So I'm unilaterally disengaging from this struggle. I pray, of course, that Andrew comes to see that his oversimplification of Middle East history and politics has caused real damage to real people, but it's time for someone else to argue with him.

There is another benefit to disengagement. As Goldblog readers know, I'm deeply distressed by many currents in Israeli society and politics, the continuing, disproportionate power of the settlement movement being chief among my concerns. But I find myself hesitant to criticize Israel these days because my words are inevitably used by people who don't have Israel's best interests, or the best interests of American Jews, at heart.  So I want to find a new way to write about these issues. The new way, obviously, is the old way. The best use of my time, I think, would be to return to what I originally was meant to do when I joined The Atlantic a couple of years ago, which is to write reported, carefully considered, fact-checked and closely-edited articles about the issues that interest me. In other words, don't expect to see too much on Goldblog about this set of issues, generally. I appreciate all of your letters (except those that begin """"Dear Zionist Douchebag,"""" or, """"Dear Self-Hating Jewboy Douchebag""""), and I'll figure out, as I go forward, what to do with this blog, but I don't think that writing in anger is good for anyone. So here's hoping that the Goldblog Unilateral Disengagement Plan goes better than the Gaza Disengagement Plan.""
"
"Note:  My apologies for the prior version of this post.  I wrote it too quickly and did not give it a good proof reading.

I read an article the other day by Arthur Langer about how IT can survive the current economic recession.  I was struck by the following piece of advice:

“Move more IT expenses into business units.  This keeps all the dollars from being in one large IT budget.  It also allows business units to defend their requests for extra spending.”

I read this recommendation a few times.  Langer’s other advice, shown below, makes sense.  The points below are sound.

    * Show why investments need to precede—not lag—the recovery.  Give historical proof that this method works and timelines that will better position the business to compete.
    * Ask for smaller amounts of investments, allowing the business to be somewhat cautious should economic trends not improve.
    * Don’t expect the budget you might ultimately need, but rather the dollars that will allow you to deliver some portion of the overall product strategy.
    * Commit to product reviews, perhaps every 90 days.  This way, executives can feel that they can change priorities if and when necessary.

The idea of moving (hiding) IT expenses in the business unit to make them small enough not to be noticed seems out of place in this list."
"This is a longer version of a story that will appear in the Sunday Calendar section of the Los Angeles Times and also on the cover of Brand X.

Bryan Singer and Lauren Shuler Donner

Through the years, comic-book films took audiences to all the predictable places, including the grim streets of Gotham City and the doomed spires of planet Krypton, but, a decade ago, a new type of comic-book film had the audacity to set its opening sequence in a truly unexpected place -- the gates of Auschwitz, where Jewish families were bring marched through mud on their way to death and despair.

From those first moments, ""X-Men"" set itself apart from the entire Hollywood history of comic-book adaptations and marked the beginning of this current era of fanboy cinema, which has dominated the box office and elevated San Diego's Comic-Con International into something resembling a Cannes for capes.

""The opening, it really was a declaration of intent,"" producer Lauren Shuler Donner said of that sequence, which showed a terrified young boy exhibiting mutant powers as his family was separated by German guards. ""It said to the audience this is a serious film, grounded in the realistic and the historic and somewhat dark. It was so smart. And it was all totally Bryan.""

That would be Bryan Singer, the director of ""X-Men"" and its first sequel, who was sitting next to Shuler Donner in her office on a recent afternoon. The pair both had big smiles on their faces -- they had been reunited by an invitation to reminisce about the legacy of the July 2000 release, which they were happy to do, but the conversation kept veering into giddy plans for the future. Singer is returning to the ""X-Men"" universe, it's clear now, for a project called ""X-Men: First Class""; it's all just a matter of timing."
"Men: Want to build a more masculine face and get masculine features? Then try face exercises for men!

In today's society there are many men that apparently have no idea that they can build a masculine face using face exercises for men! There are plenty of face and neck exercises that can provide men some truly effective ways for helping to sculpt, tone and define all of your facial features. What's more is that these face exercises you can sculpt a chiseled jawline and even help to define and enhance your cheekbones in only a matter of weeks!

You should try to think of face exercises in the same manner that body builders use bodybuilding techniques to help build practically any part of their bodies. I mean,there are over 56 muscles in the face. If you don't think that you can build your facial muscles, then you are seriously mistaken!

Because the very same principles used in bodybuilding are also used in facial exercises. When used routinely, here's what you can expect from face exercises for men:

*You can help to enhance your jawline! Face and neck exercises have been proven to help a man create a chiseled jawline through jawline exercises.

*You can even help to define your chin area. You can help the chin to get more developed through proper exercises.

*You can help to reduce a double chin. This one benefit alone had so many men jump on the men's facial exercise bandwagon!

*You can help to eliminate bags under the eyes. Yes, you can even help to get rid of fatigue from under the eyes. This is the same type of fatigue that makes a man look much older than he actually is. This type of nagging condition can actually be decreased greatly by using proper facial exercise techniques!

Here are some tips you can try right NOW to help you get more masculine facial features right away!

1. Start by taking your middle finger and placing it on your chin.

2. Next, proceed to put your lips over both your upper and your lower teeth.

3. Then you just want to slightly open your mouth about half way, keeping it there in this position for about 20 to 40 seconds on each rep. Be sure to hold it in a strong hold, really feeling your jawline beginning to form more tightly.

4. That's it!

This exercises will not only help you to achieve a more masculine,chiseled jawline, but it will also help you to develop and build a more masculine looking face!

I mean, you can even help to enhance your cheekbones greatly by performing these isometric facial exercises for men. This is great news for any man that wants to help better himself and ultimately wants to help himself look better."
"A Northwest Side man listed as a potential threat to judges tried to enter the Daley Center with four hunting knives he had just purchased, according to the Cook County sheriff's office.

Kevin J. Long, 48, of the 4500 block of North Milwaukee Avenue, walked into the building Tuesday afternoon and passed through a metal detector while his bag was sent through an X-ray machine.

A Cook County sheriff's deputy saw images of several knives in Long's briefcase. When asked what was inside, Long allegedly said it was ""just papers,"" according to a news release from the sheriff's office.

Long allegedly told investigators he had come to the Daley Center to visit the law library and had forgotten about the knives, which he said he bought earlier in the day as a gift for his brother-in-law. He was charged with unlawful use of a weapon and unlawful use of a weapon by a felon, both of which are felonies.

Long has been on parole since November after serving 15 months in prison for telling a witness in a civil case that he would kill the witness's child. His name also is on a list developed by the U.S. Marshals Service and the Cook County sheriff's department naming individuals who may pose a threat to judges or court officials.

Long also has been arrested 18 times since 2000 for various incidents, including being caught in a judge's chambers and public indecency.

Cook County Circuit Judge Donald Panarese set bail at $350,000 on Wednesday, according to Tandra Simonton, spokeswoman for the Cook County state's attorney's office.

He was denied bail on the parole violation, and Panarese barred him from entering any Cook County courthouse unless he was required to be there and unless he was accompanied to and from the courtroom by a sheriff's deputy, Simonton said."
"""Always good to see hospitality-industry facilities that are in touch with local history and heritage. In its previous incarnation, as the mere Shattuck Hotel, this venerable establishment had become somewhat seedy. This is the first time I had seen it since its re-opening and re-branding last year. You can still tell that it was built in 1910, but (mainly) in a good way. Peace! In-flight video at the site. Place your order here. Expected cost """"will be about the same as a high-end motorcycle or car,"""" according to the FAQs. I know this routine! When rationalizing buying a small airplane to my family, I avoided referring to """"dollars"""" and instead tried to get away with the luxury-car counting-unit too. The FAQ list also includes, What happens if the engine stops? The answer involves a parachute.

2) Courtesy of USA Today, a sane statement from a TSA official! The TSA's John Sammon, referring to possible changes in policy in light of the terrorist crash of a small airplane into the IRS office in Austin last month, said: """"It may simply be a confirmation that for very small planes you're not going to see a lot of casualties."""" Obviously even one casualty is too many; obviously too, anti-IRS and anti-institutional violence of any sort is no joke.  But to be sustainable, a security policy must make sensible tradeoffs of risks and rewards; in a free society, it must also reflect a sensible long-term balance between security and liberty. You could entirely eliminate the risk of airplane hijackings or bombs if you didn't let anyone fly; you could entirely eliminate gun deaths if there were no guns; no risk of car bombs if there were not cars; etc. Panglossian that I am, I will take Mr. Sammon's comment as the dawn of a new age of sensible balance coming out of the TSA. 3) Courtesy of The Guardian, news that DARPA, the Pentagon's advanced-research body, is close to tests of a scheme to make jet fuel out of algae. This has obvious advantages over making jet fuel out of crude oil from petro-dictatorships. It has a less obvious advantage, which is that algae absorb about as much carbon when growing as their fuel releases when burned, for a much lower net-carbon impact. And unlike the benighted ethanol-subsidy program -- winner of a """"stupidest policy ever"""" contest -- growing algae doesn't compete with growing crops for food. I hope this turns out to be feasible. 4) What the hell: courtesy of Crunch Gear and Sky News, let's wind up with another New Zealand candidate for """"interesting"""" ways to fly. It's a home-built flying hovercraft. I can't embed the three-minute video, but it is worth going to the site to watch. The young woman reporter who takes a ride on this thing is lot more risk-tolerant than I have ever been, in either my reporting or my aviating life. Or perhaps more naively trusting. Either way, she ends up having an unexpectedly dangerous exciting ride.  More on the story here, including a shorter video that doesn't include the dramatic last minute.""
"
"I am pleased to announce that Salvatore Sanfilippo, the key developer for Redis, has decided to join the VMware engineering team. Redis is a high performance and scalable advanced key-value store where values can be data structures such as lists, sets, and hashmaps, as well as strings and blobs. Redis supports atomic operations on these data structures, allowing extremely high performance with consistent state to many client applications.

As VMware continues its investments in the context of cloud computing, technologies such as Redis become key for future cloud based apps, whether private or public cloud, and the cloud infrastructure itself. Large scale systems benefit greatly when there are alternatives to storing state within a centralized relational store (RDBMS). Many Redis customers have already experienced the tremendous benefit of storing select pieces of data within Redis for fast access, customized layout and access patterns. Some have used Redis exclusively, forgoing a relational database all together, since Redis offers several ways to persist the data it manages.

As cloud computing continues to push the bounds of how we define a cloud application, many exciting and new technologies will join the relational database as a means to store and retrieve data. Cloud based infrastructure itself has led the way in this regard, pushing the envelope for scale, performance, and access to large distributed data. This is most evident in Google's App Engine, utilizing several pieces of key technologies like BigTable to store data at scale."
"As the company credited with practically inventing the Netbook category, it's no surprise Asus makes some of the most popular mini notebooks around. Top among these is the Eee PC 1005 series. Combining low (but not the lowest) prices with great battery life and good overall design, the 1005 has become the Netbook reference design for the entire industry.

The newest version, the $379 Eee PC 1005PE, is the first Netbook to reach our labs with Intel's new Atom N450 processor--the long-awaited sequel to the Atom N270 and N280 CPUs found in nearly every other Netbook.

This new 1005 model, thanks to the re-engineered Atom platform, is extremely efficient, and ran for more than 8 hours on our grueling battery drain test. That's extremely impressive, although the N450 was more of a mixed bag in our performance tests, beating other Netbooks in some categories, but matching or falling slightly behind in others.

Beyond that, the 1005PE eschews most of the recent trends in Netbook design, sticking with a 10-inch 1,024x600 pixel display, 1GB of RAM, and Windows 7 Starter. We've become accustomed to the high-def 1,366x768 pixel resolution screens found on 11-, 12-, and even some 10-inch Netbooks, so this lower resolution feels cramped and dated in comparison. Nvidia's Ion GPU is also becoming a go-to part for upscale Netbooks, but is not included here.

The Eee PC 1005PE definitely scores points for being the first laptop out of the gate with the new N450 CPU, and its battery life is nothing short of amazing--making this a very useful system for serious road warriors. But we would have liked to see a 1005 that was more fully upgraded across the board. "
"From China, Wei, 27, is a software programming student at the Illinois Institute of Technology and hopes to become a computer financial analyst. He is in Chicago on a student visa.

""There is a big future for financial programming,"" Wei said about his plans, sitting inside a modest Bridgeport apartment he shares with his wife and recently born son. ""Not many people know how to do this work, or want to.""

For Wei's 44-year-old half-brother, life in the U.S. has not been so bright.

Fleeing poverty, the brother arrived illegally from China nine years ago. After a harrowing trip orchestrated by ""snakehead"" smugglers, he has toiled 14-hour days for sub-minimum wages inside Chicago restaurants.

""His life here has been a kind of torture,"" Wei said.

Immigrant advocates hope Sunday's march will pressure President Barack Obama and federal lawmakers into taking up their demands for comprehensive reforms in the coming months. They argue that problems with the nation's immigration system have festered long enough -- with ongoing deportations hurting families and a booming black market in fake IDs threatening national security.

Groups in favor of tougher enforcement of immigration laws, meanwhile, have used the march plans to rally their supporters. Roy Beck, president of the Virginia-based NumbersUSA group, described Sunday's march as ""the opening kickoff"" in any renewed immigration debate in Washington.

On Thursday, Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., and Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., outlined a new bill that is the latest effort in a campaign for proposals that have been defeated twice in recent years.

Among other things, the new bill calls for biometric Social Security cards and for requiring illegal immigrants to pay fines and perform community service before they're allowed a chance at lawful permanent residency. Obama issued a statement on Thursday pledging to get such immigration legislation moving through Congress this year.

Immigrant advocates said they were encouraged by Obama's remarks, but express frustration that the president has not fulfilled a promise to act on immigration reform earlier.

""We need to see action,"" said Joshua Hoyt, executive director of the Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights.

John Darger said he has seen some of that anger in Crystal Lake, so he also plans to be on his way to Washington.

A teacher of English as a second language at McHenry County Community College, he cited stories from his Latino students about routine physical or verbal attacks, and resentful comments he's heard about newcomers from his neighbors. ""The country needs to move beyond this divide,"" he said.

Up to 6,000 area residents left Saturday on the roughly 120 charted buses for Washington, at least half departing in a caravan from an evening rally outside U.S. Cellular Field. The turnout was the result of a weeks-long scramble for funds by immigrant activists and religious groups.

Marilyn Navarro, 16, raised the $183 it took to get a bus seat for herself and a 25-year-old cousin by putting out a donation jar inside her parents' Pilsen restaurant.

Navarro was inspired to go because her cousin arrived illegally with his parents as an 11-year-old. ""It makes me so sad to know that there are millions of people out there like him,"" she said."
"""It takes a little extra work to get in touch with Andrea Boland. The Maine state representative answers e-mails and lists her business and home phone numbers on the Web. But unlike many politicians surgically attached to their BlackBerrys, she keeps her cell switched off unless she's expecting a call. And if she has her way, everyone in Maine — and perhaps, eventually, the rest of the U.S. — will similarly think twice before jabbering away on their mobiles.

In March, Maine's legislature will begin debating a bill she submitted that would require manufacturers to put a warning label on every cell phone sold in the state declaring, """"This device emits electromagnetic radiation, exposure to which may cause brain cancer."""" Her warning would continue, """"Users, especially children and pregnant women, should keep this device away from the head and body.""""  For those of you now eyeing your cell phones suspiciously, it's worth noting that both the National Cancer Institute and the World Health Organization say there isn't evidence to support the assertion that cell phones are a public-health threat. But a number of scientists are worried that there has been a dangerous rush to declare cell phones safe, using studies they feel are inadequate and too often weighted toward the wireless industry's interests. An analysis published by University of Washington neurologist Henry Lai determined that far more independent studies than industry-funded studies have found at least some type of biological effect from cell-phone exposure. Several countries — including Finland, Israel and France — have issued guidelines for cell-phone use. And San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom, who began researching the issue when his wife was expecting their first child, is hoping his city will adopt legislation that would have manufacturers print radiation information on cell-phone packaging and manuals and require retailers to display the data on the sales floor.

With 270 million Americans and 4 billion people around the world using cell phones — and more signing up every day — a strong link between mobiles and cancer could have major public-health implications. As cell phones make and take calls, they emit low-level radio-frequency (RF) radiation. Stronger than FM radio signals, these RF waves are still a billionth the intensity of known carcinogenic radiation like X-rays. The wireless industry contends that RF radiation lacks the strength to alter molecules in the human body; the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) maximum for cell-phone-signal exposure is intended to prevent RF radiation from heating tissue to the point that cells are damaged. Cell-phone RF radiation's """"effect on the body, at least at this time, appears to be insufficient to produce genetic damage typically associated with developing cancer,"""" Dr. Robert Hoover, director of the National Cancer Institute's Epidemiology and Biostatistics Program, testified at a 2008 congressional hearing. But the body of research is far from conclusive. In 1995, Lai co-wrote a study showing that a single two-hour exposure of RF radiation — at levels considered safe by U.S. standards — produced the sort of genetic damage in rats' brain cells that can lead to cancer.""
"
"While I am giving the finishing touches at LineBall (yes, I found a sponsor), I want you to play ColorBallz. It’s a simple game I made in a couple of days starting from Basic Filler engine with Box2D – part 1, 2 and 3.

All in all it’s almost the same game, I just added a twist introducing colors. You’ll get a bonus if you fill the area with the same percentage of red, green and cyan colors. Although I already have two games about to be published, this is the first of my 10 games to be released in 2010.

It’s monetized with MochiAds but I’m also planning to sell the complete source code once it’s polished and fully commented.

At the moment, after 6 days in the wild, it has more than 100K plays… hope to reach one million in a couple of weeks.

Enjoy. Before you start reading this tutorial, there is something you must do.

Turn off the lights, close your eyes, raise your hands, and say:

« Hail, Lord of Flash Game. Shall I read this tutorial and forget it before I try to flood the web with another silly Coloring Book Game »

Really, seriously… I am showing you how do it but please, please… don’t do it.

Finding the right image

If you can’t draw your image, you’ll have to download it from the web. Try to Google for coloring book and you’ll know what I mean.

Just remember the “copyright” word… I don’t think you’re allowed to use Ben 10 or Hello Kitty images… but if you are about to create a Flash coloring book, you are an evil person and stealing artworks won’t be a problem.

The image I’ll use is taken from www.coloringbook.info

Main concept

Every colorable part is a distinct movieclip, and its color is dynamically changed with Actionscript

Converting the image

First, you need to import it into Flash  It’s a Box2D library designed to allow game developers making 2D side-scrolling platform games, including a graphical level builder that allows you to drag, drop, and customize all of the game objects and art in your game."
"Everything in marketing has changed. The way budgets are divided. The way strategies are constructed. The way we view our customer and their needs. And why is this? Social media. Yes ‘social media’, the term that is used the world over by overpaid boardroom bluffers, blagging their way through a maze of seeding, virals, apps and videos of monkeys skateboarding.

Don’t get me wrong, done well (the vast majority are not) social media campaigns can engage the customer in a way that couldn’t have been imagined a decade or even five years ago. But my question is this; why when the internet is as free as the air we breathe, do digital agencies increasingly raise the budgetary bar? It's easy to see that some major brands are being convinced that they need enormous budgets to get results, whether that means investing in expensive applications and widgets or simply for the experience of the ‘Digital Guru’ they employ. In my experience there are indeed times when spending budget on social media tools and technologies is helpful or even crucial, but on-the-whole the most valuable asset we have when constructing social media campaigns remains our imagination. I know that sounds ‘Disney’, but it’s true. Chances are that the simplest idea, the idea the uses existing, free platforms and technology will capture the publics attention.

We have all been in countless brainstorms that have gone absolutely nowhere; producing tired strategies that couldn’t sell Megan Fox to a 14-year-old. But every once in a while, in what seems like your 20th meeting of the day, someone will lean back, grin and smugly utter the words “what if we did this…”. It’s instant; everyone in the room knows that this idea is the one. You don’t know whether to kiss or punch the unsuspecting genius, but you all know that’s what he is, a genius. I can only imagine that the following IKEA campaign was born of one of these moments.

Using a Facebook facility familiar to all of us, IKEA captured the attention of thousands of customers in launching their Malmo store. The following video case study shows the industry that, when it comes to social media, there is simply no substituting for that creative moment...  "
"I encountered some ideas on web discussions like - you don't need filters with digital, or the only filter you need is a polarizer, the rest can be done in post processing.... however, the Big Six filters that are useful to most photographers, cannot adequately replace with digital techniques.....

One - The Polarizer

This is so obvious I shouldnâ€™t need to get into ""why"" you need it, but Iâ€™m me, and that means Iâ€™m going to talk about it anyway. Any time light moves from air to a transparent substance, some of the light doesnâ€™t penetrate into the transparent substance and is reflected away. Whether the light hits water on a lake, the natural oil on human skin, clear cellulose and wax on plant leaves and flowers, lacquer on a car or a guitar, or glass on a building, there are reflections. The reflections are â€œwhite lightâ€; they â€œfill inâ€ the color and reduce saturation. They reduce the detail visible under the clear substance. The blue of the sky is also polarized, and a polarizer can deepen the blue, and keep it from blowing out and rendering your sky a cloudless white or a drab gray.

You can fight this with post processing, but you wonâ€™t win. When you boost saturation, you fix the things that were ""robbed"" of contrast, but you also oversaturate the things that weren't suffering from contrast robbing reflections. And you canâ€™t replace the lost detail.

Two - The 80A ""Color Balancing""

Most cameras have sensors that are ""daylight balanced"". They have nice, balanced red, green, and blue channel responses in neutral colored scenes lit by daylight. They achieve their incandescent white balance by amplifying the blue channel over two full stops relative to the red channel. That adds a great deal of noise to the blue channel, so you see some pretty ugly shadows. It also makes it very easy to blow the red channel, especially when shooting red dominated subjects (human skin, cosmetics, and fall colors near dusk and dawn when the light is warm).

Using an 80A will often let you get an interior architecture image in a single shot that would have taken multiple shots and HDR to do otherwise. It also makes it much easier to shoot incandescent or candlelit scenes without blowing the red channel.

Three â€“ The Neodymium Enhancing

Sensor manufacturers (like film manufacturers before them) spend a lot of effort trying to get the red, green, and blue filters in the camera to do a tolerable job of seeing colors the same way a human eye sees them. Normally, this is a ""good thing"", it reduces an annoying phenomena we techno-geeks call a ""failure in observer metamerism"", where colors that look identical to one ""observer"" (a human) look different to another observer (a camera, for example). The neodymium filter disrupts the nice ""mimic the eye"" characteristics of a sensor, and causes large-scale failures of observer metamerism. Neodymium (sometimes called â€œdidymiumâ€) does it in a way that is very pleasing in a landscape or fall color photograph: browns that would be identical in the picture (or to the eye) suddenly separate, with one turning red, another going yellow. "
"Less than a month after the failure of its third launch attempt, the California-based firm Space Exploration Technologies (SpaceX) is poised once more to loft a Falcon 1 rocket. Launch of SpaceX’s fourth Falcon 1 rocket is set for sometime between 7:00 p.m. EDT (2300 GMT) tonight and 12:00 a.m. EDT (0400 GMT) on Monday, according to an update from the firm’s CEO Elon Musk. “Of course, if we see anything that requires investigation, the launch will be postponed, but we’ll let you know as soon as we know,” Musk wrote in an update posted to the SpaceX Web site on Saturday. Tonight’s planned liftoff will be staged from SpaceX’s launch site at the U.S. Army’s Ronald Reagan Ballistic Defense Test Site on the Kwajalein Atoll in the about 2,500 miles (4,023 km) southwest of Hawaii in the central Pacific Ocean. The launch will be broadcast live on the SpaceX Web site (http://www.spacex.com) when the attempt begins. SpaceX’s Falcon 1 rocket is a two-stage rocket with a reusable first stage that stands 68 feet tall (21 meters) and can haul payloads of up to about 1,256 pounds (570 kg) to low-Earth orbit. The $6.7 million rocket weighs 60,000 pounds (27,200 kg), but has failed three consecutive times since its 2006 debut. On Aug. 2, SpaceX launched its third Falcon 1 test flight only to watch it fail when the booster’s first stage separated, then impacted the second stage as both flew 135 miles (217 km) above Earth. An engine shutdown timing error was cited as the cause and could be fixed relatively easily, Musk said at the time. “The fix was also very simple, requiring one line of code to be changed,” SpaceX officials said in a weekend update. While all three of SpaceX’s first Falcon 1 launches have carried small satellite payloads, the fourth rocket is carrying “a a payload mass simulator of approximately 165 kg (364 lbs), designed and built by SpaceX specifically for this mission,” SpaceX officials said. China is just a week away from  launching its third manned spaceflight into orbit and apparently hoping for a sell-out crowd. The country is selling tickets to watch for the planned late night Sept. 25 launch of its Shenzhou 7 spacecraft, but buyer beware: Each seat goes for about 15,000 yuan, or about US$2,206 and ticket buyers will need to provide identification and a reference from their employer to vie for the limited spaces, according to the Chinese Web site China Daily and the newspaper Wenhui Daily. While hefty, the ticket price apparently includes a flight to China’s Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in the northwestern Gansu province, as well as a four-day stay to watch the planned space shot, state media reported. China first invited space fans to buy tickets for a rocket launch last year, when the country launched the Chang’e 1 moon probe from the Xichang launch center in southwestern Sichuan province. But those tickets went for about 800 yuan, or US$117, per person. Some 2,000 people watched the lunar mission’s launch from a pair of platforms about 1.5 miles (2.5 km) away, according to press reports. But the northwestern-located Jiuquan launch site is much more remote than Xichang, and offers fewer amenities and other tourist hot spots, China Daily reported.
"
"Easy, but not necessarily right. In a letter to his younger brother, Theo, from the asylum, van Gogh articulately describes his deliberate approach to the work. ""These are exaggerations from the point of view of the arrangement, their lines are contorted like those of the ancient woodcuts,"" he writes. He even flicks at the criticism he anticipates: ""People will tell me the mountains aren't like that."" And with a literary flourish, he describes the effect he's after: ""I've tried to express the time of day when one sees the green beetles and the cicadas flying in the heat.""

For all his troubles, van Gogh possessed a powerful intellect and self-awareness that he revealed as much in his writing as in his art. A prolific correspondent, his letters were collected last year into a new six-volume edition that rounds out his personality. Now a selection of those letters is on display alongside some of his finest paintings in the London Royal Academy's illuminating exhibition The Real Van Gogh: The Artist and His Letters. (A bank of computers in one gallery offers instant online access to the entire correspondence.) They present a painter's lucid, blow-by-blow report on his own progress up to the end of his life.

There is no doubt that van Gogh was driven. He could work at a pace that suggests manic intensity as well as spontaneity. In the last 70 days of his life, he produced more than 70 paintings. But what the letters frequently reveal is careful preparation; he painted with a speed derived from forethought rather than wild-eyed frenzy. His correspondence with Theo is scattered with sketches of proposed pictures, sometimes with color notations to give a better impression of the final work.

The broad outlines of his later years suggest the artist's struggles with mental illness: bouts of heavy drinking and brothel-going, poverty and isolation, his explosive reaction to light and color in Provence, his quarrel with fellow artist Paul Gauguin, self-mutilation—he presented his severed ear to a favorite prostitute—and finally his suicide at the age of 37. It all feeds the conventional picture of the artist as wayward genius."
"Well, that was something wasn't it? Good luck topping that upset, everyone else left in the field.

Good to see Bill Self revive the old Roy Williams tradition of bringing a talented Kansas team favorite to the NCAA Tournament and then turfing out in the second round. (I never forget a bracket scorned.) That's what you get for messing with Kurt Warner. Oh, don't think his blessed name won't come up a few times this week. If he's not sitting front row at the regional I'll eat this delicious Kansas sunflower that just shriveled up in front of me and died.

And it's not even over! Two more games for you to curl up by the fire with. Kentucky-Wake Forest and Kansas State-BYU. What's that? You've already had too much nail-biting basketball today? Well, suck it up, junior, because THAT'S JUST TOO BAD! You're going to watch and like it.

Seriously, you've come this far. What's two more games? John Wall. Frank ""Don't Call Me Frank"" Martin. JIMMER! It's a who's who of guys you barely know anything about, yet are oddly fascinated by. Just order the pizza and cancel the babysitter. You're not going anywhere."
After a controversial delay in release last fall, Martin Scorsese and Leonardo DiCaprio's fourth collaboration Shutter Island has finally arrived. Only an acclaimed master like the man who brought us Raging Bull and Taxi Driver would be bold enough to adapt Dennis Lehane's 2003 best selling mystery and faithfully recreate its haunting tone and down right creepiness. Scorsese's talent for subliminally affecting his audience with his visual style is nearly unrivaled. There are many sights to behold in Shutter Island, some of them puzzling and others so bizarre that they may eventually find their way into your subconscious. What begins as a routine mystery soon evolves into a psychological trip. Set in 1954 U.S. Marshals Teddy Daniels (DiCaprio) and his partner Chuck Aule (Mark Ruffalo) arrive by ferry to Shutter Island off the coast of Massachusetts and home of Ashcliffe Mental Hospital for the Criminally Insane. Summoned by Doctor Cawley (Ben Kingsley) and Deputy Warden McPherson (John Carol Lynch), Teddy and Chuck must investigate the disappearance of a dangerous patient. Ashcliffe might as well be considered a fortress, because it looks inescapable, yet Rachel Solondo, a woman who drowned her three children, managed to vanish the night before. Upon examination of her locked room, Teddy discovers no evidence of an escape and begins to speculate it could have been an inside job. A clue left behind by Rachel, that initially appear to be the scribblings of an insane woman, reveals itself to be a code called “the Code of Four” which Teddy will frequently encounter. After a fruitless search of the island, Teddy and Chuck discovers one of the staff members, a Dr. Sheehan, is also missing and speculate that he may have helped Rachel escape
"Amidst talk of an aging society and a depleting demographic dividend, appeals for a reconsideration of China’s One-Child Policy were voiced during the annual meetings of the National People’s Congress and the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference held Mar. 3 to 14.

Zhang Yin, China’s wealthiest woman and member of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, called for a “gradual release” from the 30 year-old policy, with a three to five year trial period allowing some the right to have a second child before the nation as a whole.

In an interview with Southern Weekend Zhang said she was one among many who voiced concern over China’s low birth rate and the consequences of an aging society.
(photo/Don Weinland)

(photo/Don Weinland)

In an open letter issued by the Communist Party’s central committee in September of 1980, the One-Child Policy was suggested in order to relieve the demographic tensions of runaway birth rates.  The letter states that after 30 years of state controlled family planning, “different demographic policies can be adopted.”"
"Last week we reprinted an article discussing the 3 steps design teams take when creating an experience vision to guide the direction of design toward their users’ ideal experience. Once a design team creates that experience vision, they need to share it with everyone involved in the project to make sure everyone is on the same page as the design process progresses.

While the process of conveying the vision to key decision makers on the project and within the organization is very important, the methods used to share the vision can vary greatly depending on budget, available resources, and the pool of creative talent. Teams can use any technique, from expensive video-shoots with actors to low-fidelity stop-motion animation, as long as the vision helps the design team and stakeholders progress in the same direction and inspires team members to produce an improved experience.

In this week’s UIEtips article, I once again go back to an article UIE published in June 2007. In this article, Knowledge Navigator Deconstructed: Building an Envisionment, I discuss how a successful envisionment that focuses on the users’ ideal experiences can lead a design team’s direction for years to come. I also explore the many creative techniques for making that vision clear to everyone involved with the project.

Does your organization have an experience vision? How are you guiding your design direction toward your users’ ideal experiences? What methods to share this vision have you used? Join the discussion about this week’s topic below.

Also, I’m conducting a one day workshop in three different cities on Secrets Behind Designing Great User Experiences. One of the topics covered is the Making of a UX Vision. I take the concepts I discuss in the article into greater depth. "
"The new tax will not be an ""insurance fund"" for the banking industry, as ministers are concerned that such a measure would simply encourage more risky behaviour of the sort that led to the financial crisis of 2008. Instead resolution agreements (also known as living wills) will mean banks will be forced to break up should they ever fail again.

""We do not see the point of creating a mega-fund to prepare for another banking failure,"" said one well-placed source. ""We do think that where people are creating risk for the tax payer they should be taxed accordingly. ""It will be similar to pollution taxes on industry to discourage damage to the environment.""

The International Monetary Fund will report next month on how the global community should respond to the need to control systemic risk in the financial system. It is believed that Dominique Strauss-Kahn, head of the IMF, will broadly welcome plans for extra taxes on banking's riskier activities.

Treasury officials said that Britain would not ""go it alone"" on the new tax, and that it was likely there would be agreement on similar tax regimes across the world.

The news comes after David Cameron, the leader of the Opposition, announced that the Conservatives would be willing to act unilaterally on an international banking tax if there was no global
agreement.

Tory sources said, though, it was unlikely they would have to, given signals from the G20. President Obama has said that he supports new levies on banking in America.

The UK banking lobby has warned that any tax on banks must not undermine attempts to resuscitate the economy.

Responding to Mr Cameron's speech yesterday, a spokesman for the British Bankers' Association said: ""UK banks have already made changes to how they are structured and the amount of capital and cash they hold to help prevent any future problems.

""We believe any further reforms need to be timely, considered and internationally co-ordinated so they do not restrict credit to individuals and businesses as recovery picks up speed.

""Taxpayer intervention to stabilise the UK banking industry is on track to be paid back. And we will work with everyone on issues around a last-resort intervention fund – as well as other means to protect the taxpayer should a problem arise in the future.But UK banks believe the best course is to wait for the outcome of next month's IMF proposals.""

Mr Cameron announced the measures while speaking to supporters in Putney, south-west London.

He said: ""This is no time to shy away from confronting some of the biggest vested interests in our country – the banks. We had the biggest bank bail-out in the world. We can't just carry on as if nothing happened.""

Referring to President Obama's plans to recover funds used to bail out US banks, he said: ""Why should it be any different here? A Conservative government will introduce a new bank levy to pay back tax payers and to protect them in the future.

""It won't be popular in every part of the City. But I believe it's fair and it's necessary."" "
" I started explaining how atleast I was taking full advantage of my time to have adequate fun as compared to others who were just sitting and complaining.  I was all ready to propose my concept of relativity again. But she had been listening to my rant like she usually does and then talked about one of her experiences. She told about her conversation with a person with no legs and how difficult it must be. But, the guy replied atleast I don't suck like the ones who have no legs and feet. Imagine how much it would suck to be them. Suffice it to say my friend was aghast at that attitude. She very simply asked me if maybe I was doing the same thing. If maybe I was the guy with no legs who still thought atleast he was better than a  person with no limbs at all. I replied by saying that I was comparing myself with others not to feel better because of their misery but because I wanted to not be like them. For me it was about motivation rather than wallowing in shared misery. It was one of those moments when you yourself realize you have said something really smart. She thought so too I guess because she actually wrote my rohanism down ;). But this is what your smart friends do to you. They extract these insightful thoughts out of you, but still leave you with doubts. But this is what I relish. This is what I feel is the best part about having them around. Life would be so much simpler if you were surrounded by people as dumb as as yourself. But smarter ones make life interesting. They challenge and disagree with your way of thinking without intending too. That conversation left me in a similar place. Even though I seemed to have convinced my friend, I wasn't sure I had convinced myself. But, the great thing about that conversation is that ever since that day, I have pretty much abandoned my silly concept of relativity. Now every time I compare myself in a situation, I take a moment to figure out the reasons for which I am doing it. Ever since that day, I have tried to follow that smart rohanism I uttered out of nowhere. For the most part, it has helped :) I like analogies. I love drawing parallels in life. Compare one stage with another. Find something in common in two completely different walks of your own life or others. To see how as we change we still remain the same. Friends say its an annoying habit of drawing analogies between seemingly disparate sources. To try and explain every occurrence I see by comparing it to something totally mundane and unrelated. As if it's a self trained mechanism to automatically explain things to myself that might seem out of the scope of my knowledge base. One thing I have observed with a lot of friends as they have moved away from home for jobs or studies is the sudden onset of loneliness. 
"
"Specifically, something Hawks coach Joel Quenneville said after throwing minor-league call-up Corey Crawford into the net against the Ducks on Wednesday. Crawford made one mistake, running off the leash and giving up a short-handed goal, but even in losing the horrifically officiated game, the kid played well enough that you know he’ll get another start.

In fact, he might get it even after Cristobal Huet is sufficiently recovered from the flu. Yeah, that would give the Hawks three goalies, and man, you talk about a crisis of confidence, but Quenneville’s post-mortem on Crawford makes me think it’s coming.

Quenneville said Crawford “looked comfortable’’ and “looked big.’’ Those might seem to be harmless phrases because it comes down to stopping the puck and winning games, but here’s the thing: A coach doesn’t know that until it’s too late, until after the game, so he has to make a decision based on stats and gut feeling, not always in that order and not always equally.

In Quenneville’s case, the “looked comfortable’’ part is code for a coach feeling comfortable. The “looked big’’ part is how much net the goalie leaves open, especially after he drops to the ice. If there has been one significant reason that Quenneville continually turns to rookie Antti Niemi when looking for a goalie to get hot and make him feel comfortable, it’s that. How much net can you cover when you’re vulnerable?

Niemi and Crawford each are listed at 6-foot-2, an inch taller than Huet, but Niemi and Crawford play bigger and wider when they go down. Shooters appear to have less space up top against them than against Huet. Anybody can play goalie if the Hawks are going to check the way they smothered the Kings --- good thing, too, what with their lousy passing and puck handling --- but nobody can do that every night and goalies have to win games, or at least look like they can do it in difficult situations.

Bigger goalies do that. Or goalies who appear to be bigger targets. Size matters. So, you watch, Crawford will be coming to a net near you. I would tell Huet to get well quickly, but I don’t know if it will matter."
"In case you have broken legs or are allergic to joy or something and you can't leave your house this beautiful weekend, we suggest you catch up with Breaking Bad in time for the third season premiere on Sunday.

Let's just put it up front: I know we had a big old BB takeover on this here webbersite just yesterday, but this has nothing to do with that. I genuinely happen to like something that our ad people took money from. Why do I like it so much?

Well, it's smart and exciting and moving without showing any of the pesky nuts and bolts of what make a show smart and exciting and moving. You know how on Mad Men sometimes, just sometimes, you can almost see the writers straining to get that story arc so perfectly crafted? That doesn't happen on Breaking Bad, probably because by design it's smaller, lower to the ground, scruffier. It's a show about a guy dying of cancer who starts cooking meth to leave his family with some money and is therefore about big things like Death & Dying and The Drug Trade In the American Southwest, but it's also maybe the most quietly pro-family (in the good way) show on the air. It's got a deep and satisfying and thoroughly realistic humanity to it that makes you feel like you're watching friends, people you know. Which makes it all the more shocking when the drugs and the guns and the bodies start piling up."
"Back in January, we called Tina Fey “the first true female Woody Allen” — and quickly added, “Which is not to discount Cathy Guisewite and her clear influence on 30 Rock.” And wouldn’t you know it: Last night, when Liz Lemon ran into her starchy anti-husband Wesley (last name Snipes) at a showing of Hot Tub Time Machine (nice product placement! We’re totally seeing that), their inevitable bickering led Wesley to compare Liz’s life to “something out of a Cathy cartoon — it just won’t end.” Now, comparing 30 Rock to Cathy isn’t exactly obscure or brilliant, but to do it in such a terrific episode — really, a Cathy parody — reminds us of just how sharp this show remains.

Things got off to a lightning-paced start, with Jack’s company-wide meeting that devolved, randomly and almost immediately, into city rivalries, with Boston-bred Jack throwing a battery at Liz in return for her Philly snowball, and all of it culminating in Jenna shoving a man away from the mike and breaking out into “Amazing Grace.” The stories that followed — Jack trying to fit in at Kabletown (and suggesting “porn for women,” meh), Liz contemplating Wesley (Snipes) for a “settling soul mate,” and Tracy dealing with the world’s discovery of his fidelity to his wife — were all quite comfortably situated in the show’s wheelhouse, but great vehicles for the gags, a few of which we can’t resist bullet-pointing here.

• Tracy’s Ben and Jerry’s flavor, “Adultaraisin.”
• Tracy’s Post headline, “Old Faithful.”
• The glimpse of the lesbian and the Hasid canoodling in the dentist’s recovery room.
• Jenna confusing Tiger Woods and O.J. Simpson. Yikes!
• Jack “the Master Baiter” Donaghy
• “I innovate products.”
• Don Geiss encased in Carbonite.
• And greatest of all, Fresh Ass: Based on the Novel Tush by Assfire

Read more: 30 Rock Recap: Gangway for Foot Cycle! -- Vulture http://nymag.com/daily/entertainment/2010/03/30_rock_recap_gangway_for_foot.html#ixzz0idh4Vh9o
"
"""Architectural design is always about the future; when architects make a proposition they always assume that it takes place in some imagined future. Architects nearly always assume that this future will be ‘better’ than the present, often as a consequence of what is being proposed. Architecture is, by its very nature, utopian.
Contemporary architecture, unlike earlier models of ‘utopian’ architecture, or perhaps because of the stigma attached to those models, has resisted an explicitly social and political agenda. Instead it has become driven by ‘ideal’ formalist agendas facilitated by the ‘shape-making’ potential of new computer-based design tools and funded by speculative finance.
Indeed, the most important transformations that have occurred in architecture over the last 30 years have not been in the shifts in fashion marking out new typologies, new forms of representation, new materials or new forms of manufacture; the biggest single shift has been in the new economic relations within the building industry and the new forms of contractual relationships that this has brought about. The rise of fast-track construction in the 1980s heralded a major change in the motivations for construction and brought about a homogenisation of building output largely predicated on maximising the economic value of the project, often with little regard for its social value.
And with the introduction of the Private Finance Initiative (PFI) the current UK government has turned even health-care and educational building programmes into a speculative enterprise. PFI has always been presented as a cost-effective way of financing large infrastructural projects; however, like the government’s recent bail out of the banks, it works on the principle of the public financing the risk while the private sector skims off the profit.[3] For a number of years the single model that has shaped the type of future that the architectural profession has based its assumptions on is one of unfettered consumer expansion. The majority of recent architectural debates have not tried to call into question the economic imperatives of late capitalism that drive financial speculation and generate the context within which private development is presented as the only option. Even the avant-garde architectural firms of the 1980s are now operating as large international commercial practices, and the Deconstructivists have proved to be more than enthusiastic capitalists. The critical and intellectual ambitions inspired by Jacques Derrida, Gilles Deleuze and Guy Debord have been replaced with the monetarist ideologies of Milton Friedman and Alan Greenspan.

The architectural profession has embraced the late capitalist model enthusiastically and uncritically, while all the time pandering to the concepts of social and environmental responsibility. The fact is that this model has been funded through speculative investment, and now that the money has run out the profession is bereft of alternatives.""
"
"Here's an equation I bet you've never seen in a math class:

Buick LaCrosse + Providence at lunchtime = Serious Sandwiches.

Let me explain. Alaina and I cruised out of Boston at around 11:30. Our plan: head to Providence for a mini sandwich tour. (That'd be a limited tour of Providence sandwiches—not a tour of Providence mini-sandwiches.) I've been hearing a lot about the sandwiches made and sold at the the food store-cum-cheese shop Farmstead, by husband and wife chef team Matt and Kate Jennings (owners of the highly regarded bistro La Laiterie).

I figured that we would take our sandwiches and eat them in our roomy LaCrosse as we made our way to our second Providence sandwich shop, Hewtin's Mobile Hot Dog Truck, owned by another Providence based husband and wife team—Matthew and Kristin Gennuso of Chez Pascal. What better time to visit a food truck in New England than on a sunny day in mid-March, with wheels at your disposal? And since we'd left Carey behind in Boston, we rendezvoused with one of our terrific Serious Eats interns, Brown student Leah Douglas.

Sounds like a pretty cool itinerary, doesn't it? When we arrived at Farmstead, it turned out there was seating available at La Laiterie, so we were able to enjoy a leisurely lunch utilizing real tables and chairs. As is our wont, we ordered just about every sandwich on the menu. The highlights? The cheesemonger's grilled cheese was in fact made in a sandwich press rather than grilled. I don't even know what cheeses were in it, but there was definitely something cheddar-y in there because the sandwich had that primordial cheddar ooze. Add in a helpful (if a little disorganized) staff that was eager to please and you end up with a fine lunch first course."
"

Apple will be hosting a WebKit Contributors Meeting at its campus in Cupertino, CA on Monday, April 12 and Tuesday, April 13 from 9am to 6pm PDT. The meeting is targeted at contributors to the WebKit Open Source Project. The meeting will have an “unconference”-like format, allowing plenty of time for impromptu sessions/discussions and hacking.

A new mailing list, webkit-meeting, will be used for general discussion and to communicate additional information about the meeting. You can subscribe at lists.webkit.org. Questions may also be sent to Adele Peterson at adele at webkit.org.

The meeting will be free of charge. All WebKit contributors are encouraged to attend. However, space is limited, so registrations will be accepted on a first come, first served basis.

Please register for the meeting using the meeting registration form by Thursday, April 1.

We hope to see you there!


Daniel has made many valuable contributions to WebKit including additions to the XSSAuditor, which helps prevent reflective cross site scripting attacks, as well as numerous changes to drag and drop ensuring that WebKit complies with the HTML5 spec. Of course, all of this was supported with thorough tests and improvements to WebKit’s testing harness. Recently, Daniel has been working on features for mobile devices such as a cross platform patch to enable faster mobile scrolling on pages with static background images.

Please join me in congratulating Daniel on his reviewer status!


Nate got his start in WebKit with helping to upstream Javascript bindings for the Chromium port into WebKit. During that work, he learned much about WebKit style as well as getting to know the bindings quite well. Since then, he continued to do a prodigious amount with the bindings and improved them in many ways. In addition, he also added noreferrer support and fixed bugs in a variety of areas such as the loader and plugin scripting.

Please join me in congratulating Nate on his reviewer status!


Jeremy has done a lot of work on local storage and session storage within WebKit. Much of this brought it up to date with spec changes, but he also improved it by adding quota support and fixing many bugs. As part of the Chromium port, he also worked on its WebKit api and JavaScript bindings.

Please join me in congratulating Jeremy on his reviewer status!
"
"""The word blog is a conflation of two words: Web and log. It contains in its four letters a concise and accurate self-description: it is a log of thoughts and writing posted publicly on the World Wide Web. In the monosyllabic vernacular of the Internet, Web log soon became the word blog. This form of instant and global self-publishing, made possible by technology widely available only for the past decade or so, allows for no retroactive editing (apart from fixing minor typos or small glitches) and removes from the act of writing any considered or lengthy review. It is the spontaneous expression of instant thought—impermanent beyond even the ephemera of daily journalism. It is accountable in immediate and unavoidable ways to readers and other bloggers, and linked via hypertext to continuously multiplying references and sources. Unlike any single piece of print journalism, its borders are extremely porous and its truth inherently transitory. The consequences of this for the act of writing are still sinking in.

A ship’s log owes its name to a small wooden board, often weighted with lead, that was for centuries attached to a line and thrown over the stern. The weight of the log would keep it in the same place in the water, like a provisional anchor, while the ship moved away. By measuring the length of line used up in a set period of time, mariners could calculate the speed of their journey (the rope itself was marked by equidistant “knots” for easy measurement). As a ship’s voyage progressed, the course came to be marked down in a book that was called a log. In journeys at sea that took place before radio or radar or satellites or sonar, these logs were an indispensable source for recording what actually happened. They helped navigators surmise where they were and how far they had traveled and how much longer they had to stay at sea. They provided accountability to a ship’s owners and traders. They were designed to be as immune to faking as possible. Away from land, there was usually no reliable corroboration of events apart from the crew’s own account in the middle of an expanse of blue and gray and green; and in long journeys, memories always blur and facts disperse. A log provided as accurate an account as could be gleaned in real time.

As you read a log, you have the curious sense of moving backward in time as you move forward in pages—the opposite of a book. As you piece together a narrative that was never intended as one, it seems—and is—more truthful. Logs, in this sense, were a form of human self-correction. They amended for hindsight, for the ways in which human beings order and tidy and construct the story of their lives as they look back on them. Logs require a letting-go of narrative because they do not allow for a knowledge of the ending. So they have plot as well as dramatic irony—the reader will know the ending before the writer did.""
"
"Outfitted with burly outsoles, waterproof materials, and big toe guards, trail shoes are built to bring you closer to nature. As the following reviews indicate, not every trail shoe is perfect for every off-road outing. Some are built low and feature sticky treads that grip mucky footpaths and shale-strewn climbs. Others have smaller treads and thicker cushioning more appropriate for less-rugged terrain. To determine how they measure up, we analyzed each shoe at the RW Shoe Lab and tested them on the feet of more than 200 runners. We found these nine shoes to be the best for tackling the trails. WE SAY This is one of the few trail shoes with enough cushioning to handle long stretches of road and still provide sure footing on loose terrain and mud, thanks to its deep lugs. It also features a grippy edge in the heel that helps maintain traction going downhill. RW Shoe Lab tests show the shoe's heel and forefoot to be among the softest in this guide. All this cushioning results in a bulkier-than average midsole that some testers felt lifted them too high off the ground. Recommended for trail runners who frequently mix in some roads and don't want to sacrifice off-road traction.

WEAR-TESTER SAYS ""I liked the traction, but the heel felt high.""—Jenna Druver, 32, East Lansing "
"I can respect conservatives who can respect liberals. I can work with conservatives who are willing to work with progressives. If your goal is to move America rather than your party forward, than I'd like to shake your hand and find a way to do it together. What I cannot respect are people who think it's painfully obvious that their beliefs are the one and only definition of ""right"" or of ""American."" I cannot abide for half a second those people who think anyone even half an inch different than they are unpatriotic, socialist, elitist, stupid, or undeserving.

And that is why I loathe Glenn Beck and the Tea Party movement. You think government is too big? Okay, I get that. You think the President is taking us down a bad path? I disagree, but whatever. You believe Congress is broken? Who doesn't. You think black people who dare to disagree with you are Soviet Kenyan n------s who gas Jews? Well in that case, you represent none of the best and all of the worst of American history, you racist, uninformed, self-righteous, cowardly, unpatriotic, anarchist halfwit toads. Roll Call reports: Do these addle-brained huns really think they’re going to change anyone’s mind with racist name calling? Do you they honestly think that this tripe passes for factual discourse? As conservative Joe Scarborough tweets, ""John Lewis is a friend, a great man and an American hero. Anyone attacking such a man with racial slurs has a dark heart and a grim soul."" And ""Also, the attacks against Barney Frank were hateful and outrageous. Barney and I usually disagreed in Congress but he loves his country."""
"
Lancs are through to Barbados T20 semi

Posted By graham.hardcastle for World of Sport

 

Lancashire have just sneaked through to Finals Day of the Twenty20 competition at the Kensington Oval in Barbados.

The Red Rose county were made to work hard with the bat in their pursuit of 131 against a select XI from the host Island, but Tom Smith’s 48 was the mainstay of their reply. The Lightning won with three wickets and two balls to spare.

The left-hander looked upset at being given out caught behind when the ball seemed to loop up off his pad onto his gloves and through to the keeper.

I remember him telling me last year that he was gutted not to be there at the end of a win against Glamorgan at the SWALEC after doing all the hard work, and this was a similar circumstance.

Lancashire will now play Essex in the first semi-final early evening your time back home (5.30pm), while Roses rivals Yorkshire were the shock losers of the day. They went down by 58 runs to a University of the West Indies XI after being bowled out for 63!!

There were a couple of hundred spectators throughout the day at the impressive Kensington Oval, and there are a few more expected for the Finals Day tomorrow due to the fact that there is some home presence in the students.

There was a little bit of a worry for the Lightning, with skipper Glen Chapple taking a bang on his finger during fielding.

He only bowled two overs before leaving the field and letting Mark Chilton take over the leadership duties.

Chappie came back out to bat later on to help guide his side over the winning line, but Peter Moores said afterwards that he might not be fit to play in the semi and hopefully final of the Barbados Cricket Cup.

I remember the ex-England man tearing a hamstring in Sharjah last pre-season, but this injury doesn’t sound anywhere near as serious.
"
On March 12th, Matt Damon and director Paul Greengrass will be together again in theaters for their latest action thriller, “Green Zone,” a film set in the chaotic early days of the Iraqi War when no one could be trusted and every decision could detonate unforeseen consequences. Damon and Greengrass have clearly proven that they’ve got chemistry, what with their work together on “The Bourne Supremacy” and “The Bourne Ultimatum,” and we’re obviously looking forward to checking it out, but…well, here’s the thing: Damon’s a great action hero, but he can be pretty hilarious, too, and “Green Zone” doesn’t exactly look like what you’d call a laff riot. 1. Glory Daze (1996): Okay, we’ll be honest with you: Damon’s barely in this film. It’s really a vehicle for his longtime buddy, Ben Affleck, who sports some seriously douche-tastic facial hair throughout the film. Although the remarkable number of recognizable faces to be found within the cast make it worth checking out (Sam Rockwell, Alyssa Milano, Matthew McConaughey, John Rhys-Davies, Kristin Bauer, French Stewart, Brendan Fraser, Leah Remini, Meredith Salinger, Mary Woronov, and Spaulding Gray all make appearances), the predominant reason we’ve included “Glory Daze” – which is, for the record, explores the hesitation all college graduates experience before entering the real world – is because no matter how many films he may eventually have to his credit, Matt Damon should never be allowed to escape the fact that, even though it was only for a few fleeting moments, he once played a character named Edward Pudwacker.
To me, one of the most enjoyable parts of a baseball card is not so much the player, but what's in the background of the photo. It's especially fun when an old advertisement takes a prominent spot, like this one of Bill Fahey from 1973 Topps. (In fact, 1973 Topps may contain the greatest photo backgrounds of any set, ever, but that's a topic for another post.) In plain sight to the left of Fahey there's an ad for the fine dining and cocktail options available at Harris' Imperial House in Boca Raton, Florida. The card also features an ad for Fowlkes Chevrolet, which, judging from information available on the Web, may or may not be related in some way with Mayes Chevrolet, which had been on the former Storyland Park property in Broward County, Florida (Pompano Beach: A History). Next time you're going through your cards, find a good one with a prominent ad in the background of the player photo and post a scan on The Baseball Card Blog's Facebook page. I bet we'll get a great gallery going. 
This is a totally different way from thinking about things than I think we see nowadays. I kind of liken it to how I tell students not to program. If you're implementing something moderately complex (say, forward/backward algorithm), first write down all the math, then start implementing. Don't start implementing first. I think nowadays (and sure, I'm guilty!) we see a lot of implementing without the math. Or rather, with plenty of math, but without a representational model of what it is that we're studying. The central claim of the RST paper is that one can think of texts as being organized into elementary discourse units, and these are connected into a tree structure by relations like the one above. (Or at least this is my reading of it.) That is, they have laid out a representation of text and claimed that this is how texts get put together. As a second example (this will be sorter), take Wendy Lehnert's 1982 paper, "Plot units and narrative summarization." Here, the story is about how stories get put together. The most interesting thing about the plot units model to me is that it breaks from how one might naturally think about stories. That is, I would naively think of a story as a series of events. The claim that Lehnert makes is that this is not the right way to think about it. Rather, we should think about stories as sequences of affect states. Effectively, an affect state is how a character is feeling at any time. (This isn't quite right, but it's close enough.) For example, Lehnert presents the following story: When John tried to start his care this morning, it wouldn't turn over. He asked his neighbor Paul for help. Paul did something to the carburetor and got it going. John thanked Paul and drove to work. 
I finished K-means and Gaussian mixture models in class last week or maybe the week before. I've previously discussed the fact that these two are really solving different problems (despite being structurally so similar), but today's post is about something different. There are two primary differences between the typical presentation of K-means and the typical presentation of GMMs. (I say "typical" because you can modify these algorithms fairly extensively as you see fit.) The first difference is that GMMs just have more parameters. The parameters of K-means are typically the cluster assignments ("z") and the means ("mu"). The parameters of a GMM are typically these (z and mu) as well as the class prior probabilities ("pi") and cluster covariances ("Sigma"). The GMM model is just richer. Of course, you can restrict it so all clusters are isotropic and all prior probabilities are even, in which case you've effectively removed this difference (or you can add these things into K-means). The second difference is that GMMs operate under the regime of "soft assignments," meaning that points aren't wed to clusters: they only prefer (in a probabilistic sense) some clusters to others. This falls out naturally from the EM formalization, where the soft assignments are simply the expectations of the assignments under the current model. One can get rid of the second difference by running "hard EM" (also called "Viterbi EM" in NLP land), where the expectations are clamped at their most likely value. This leads to something that has much more of a K-means feel. This "real EM" versus "hard EM" distinction comes up a lot in NLP, where computing exact expectations is often really difficult. (Sometimes you get complex variants, like the "pegging" approaches in the IBM machine translation models, but my understanding from people who run in this circle is that pegging is much ado about nothing.) My general feeling has always been "if you don't have much data, do real EM; if you have tons of data, hard EM is probably okay." (This is purely from a practical perspective.) The idea is that when you have tons and tons of data, you can approximate expectations reasonably well by averaging over many data points. (Yes, this is hand-wavy and it's easy to construct examples where it fails. But it seems to work many times.) Of course, you can get pedantic and say "hard EM sucks: it's maximizing p(x,z) but I really want to maximize p(x)" to which I say: ho hum, who cares, you don't actually care about p(x), you care about some extrinsic evaluation metric which, crossing your fingers, you hope correlates with p(x), but for all I know it correlates better with p(x,z). Nevertheless, a particular trusted friend has told me he's always remiss when he can't do full EM and has to do hard EM: he's never seen a case where it doesn't help. (Or maybe "rarely" would be more fair.) Of course, this comes at a price: for many models, maximization (search) can be done in polynomial time, but computing expectations can be #P-hard (basically because you have to enumerate -- or count -- over every possible assignment). Now let's think about approximate inference in graphical models. Let's say I have a graphical model with some nodes I want to maximize over (call them "X") and some nodes I want to marginalize out (call them "Z"). For instance, in GMMs, the X nodes would be the means, covariances and cluster priors; the Z nodes would be the assignments. (Note that this is departing slightly from typical notation for EM.) Suppose I want to do inference in such a model. Here are three things I can do: 
I always wanted to have a nickname. Something that had to do with an experience, or perhaps from not being able to pronounce my name correctly as a child, or even something wildly nonsensical that had nothing to do with anything. Like Crime Dog. In the grand scheme of things, Crime Dog isn't bad (for those not in the know, it refers to MacGruff, the bloodhound in the trenchcoat who encouraged kids on Saturday morning to 'Take a Bite Out of Crime'), though slightly bizarre. It's better than being referred to as Three-Finger or Stumpy. Plus it shortens easily to 'Dog.' As in, 'Dog, you can carve the turkey' or 'Hurry Dog, cut the red wire. No no, the red one!' But that's just the thing about nicknames: you don't decide if you get one; someone else does. And though most baseball nicknames derive from the player's last name, I would bet that Crime Dog was the product of nickname evolution. You don't just wake up one morning with a nickname epiphany (unless your name is Shaquille O'Neal). So unless I become a gangster, a character on a TV show, or join a baseball team, I'm resigned to spend my life as Ben. Not Piano Legs or Baby Face. Just Ben. Only, simply Ben. I guess it could be worse. At least I won't be called Steve Urkel for the rest of my life. 
Just run max-product. That is, maximize p(X,Z) rather than p(X). Just run sum-product. That is, compute expectations over X and Z, rather than just over Z. Run EM, by alternating something like sum-product on Z and something like max-product onX. Of these, only (3) is really doing the "right thing." Further, let's get away from the notion of p(X) not correlating with some extrinsic evaluation by just measuring ourselves against exact inference. (Yes, this limits us to relatively small models with 10 or 20 binary nodes.) What do you think happens? Well, first, things vary as a function of the number of X nodes versus Z nodes in the graph. When most of the nodes are X (maximization) nodes, then max-product does best and EM basically does the same. Whe most of the nodes are Z (marginalization) nodes, then EM does best and sum-product does almost the same. But max product also does almost the same. This is an effect that we've been seeing regularly, regardless of what the models look like (chains or lattices), what the potentials look like (high temperature or low temperature) and how you initialize these models (eg., in the chain case, EM converges to different places depending on initialization, while sum- and max-product do not). Max product is just unbeatable. In a sense, from a practical perspective, this is nice. It says: if you have a mixed model, just run max product and you'll do just as well as if you had done something more complicated (like EM). But it's also frustrating: we should be getting some leverage out of marginalizing over the nodes that we should marginalize over. Especially in the high temperature case, where there is lots of uncertainty in the model, max product should start doing worse and worse (note that when we evaluate, we only measure performance on the "X" nodes -- the "Z" nodes are ignored). Likening this back to K-means versus GMM, for the case where the models are the same (GMM restricted to not have priors or covariances), the analogy is that as far as the means go, it doesn't matter which one you use. Even if there's lots of uncertainty in the data. Of course, you may get much better assignments from GMM (or you may not, I don't really know). But if all you really care about at the end of the day are the Xs (the means), then our experience with max-product suggests that it just won't matter. At all. Ever. Part of me finds this hard to believe, and note that I haven't actually run experiments with K-means and GMM, but the results in the graphical model cases are sufficiently strong and reproducible that I'm beginning to trust them. Shouldn't someone have noticed this before, though? For all the effort that's gone into various inference algorithms for graphical models, why haven't we ever noticed that you just can't beat max-product? (Yes, I'm aware of some theoretical results, eg., the Wainwright result that sum-product + randomized rounding is a provably good approximation to the MAP assignment, but this result actually goes the other way, and contradicts many of our experimental studies where sum-product + rounding just flat out sucks. Maybe there are other results out there that we just haven't been able to dig up.) 
There was a time early on in my days where I could jump out of bed and greet the world with tremendous vigor. There was a time early on in my life where my memory was sharp and clear. Now I get out of bed gently, slowly and greet the world with “oh shit, my back”. My memory loss is apparent whenever I meet someone for the first time and they give me their name, only for me to forget it 10 seconds into the conversation. Good Times……..good times.
I don't know if it has something to do with all the medicine that I'm on, or the fact asthma causes some degree of stress, or the fact that I'm forced to be "unique" because of asthma, or due to anxiety, or sinus problems, or allergies, or wimpiness or what. But, I sometimes get these terrible headaches, and I have one right now. Actually I have dulled it with an Ultram, but it's still there. I woke up at 2 a.m. with this headache so bad there was no way I was going to go back to sleep, so I got up and took two 500 mg Tylenol. I have to take that much, because one never quite cuts it. I knew this was not a Tylenol headache, though. Yet I had to try it. I had to try something before I took an Ultram. I had to because once I take an Ultram, once it kicks in, I have to write. Doesn't that sound weird. Yep! Ultram relaxes me to the point, puts all these ideas in my head, and I have to put them on paper. I've written some good stuff while on Ultram. Ultram dulls or gets rid of my headaches no matter how bad, it's the first drug I have ever taken that gives me at least some degree of relief. However, even though it is not an opiate, and my doctor says it's safe to use it and work, it gives me the feeling that about three cups of coffee gives me, although without the side effects such as shakiness and such. It just makes me feel euphoric, and happy.
On Friday evening, I found the mother lode of pain located – conveniently enough – in my right wrist. The most intense episode lasted about an hour. When it passed, I proudly reminded myself about how such episodes in the past used to emotionally knock me down for days, which did not seem to be the case anymore. Sure, these episodes continue to be difficult to get through, but at least I seem to be a little more “prepared” for them. Yesterday afternoon, when I was at physical therapy, we once again reached the point where the maximum electrotherapy current was being delivered to my ankles, and I couldn't feel a thing. In the past, I used to break down right at that moment, as it served as a objective and stark reminder of exactly how much pain I was in. Yesterday, I held my head up high as I remembered this, and told myself that I would get through this episode as I have gotten through other episodes. Later during the day, I completely lost the use of my left hand for more than an hour. As luck would have it, this coincided with the time when we sat down to eat a meal. In the past, I would have have been reluctant to ask for help and would have instead struggled to cut my own food, resulting in even more pain. Yesterday, I calmly asked for help, and even through I am left-handed, I used my right hand to lift my fork. When a small glass of jello was served for dessert, I propped it up in between my knees and scooped it up with a spoon – without so much as a second thought. I once again felt proud of myself.
Over the past week I've received a lot of recommendations for Keepers, so I thought I'd kick things off by talking about one of my favorite cards: 1960 Leaf "Baseball's Two Hal Smiths". It's on my Keeper List, and is a card I don't own. It's a Keeper because it isn't clear what the two Hal Smiths are doing in their photo. Are they negotiating over the bill? Are they diapering a baby? Because the background has been removed, context is missing (and desperately, desperately needed). These guys could be anywhere – a bus stop... a locker room... It's no secret, my love for 1960 Leaf (read my set review here). The photos are mug-shot bad, the cards themselves came packaged with marbles, and the design has a style aesthetic with as much pizzazz as checkerboard kitchen linoleum. But what it's lacking in visual appeal, it more than makes up for in awkwardness. Awkward halos behind each head. Awkward checklist including immortal baseball gods Stover McIlwain (out of the league since 1958), Marshall Renfroe (career = 1 game in 1959), and baseball's two Hal Smiths (one a journeyman, the other an All Star). And did I mention that the cards were awkwardly packaged with marbles? I understand that Topps had cornered the market on the cards and gum thing, but seriously, who came up with marbles? There's something about Hal Smith... both of him. I can't think of another time when two players shared the same name. (Wait a minute... Steve Ontiveros? Weren't there two of that guy?) I've mentioned this already, but one Hal was a journeyman and the other Hal was an All Star. The All Star had a knack for showing up on his baseball cards in full catcher regalia; that is, toothily smiling through his mask in a creepy crouching position. I can think of at least two cards (1958 Topps and 1960 Topps) of him photographed like that. The journeyman was just ugly: pursed lips, narrowed eyes... it was as if he was a street-corner criminal scouting for the next fence. This one is also a Keeper for me because it's a combo card. But instead of Hal and Hal hamming it up under a corny line like "Backstop Buddies" or something, as Topps was wont to do throughout the Sixties, Sports Novelties kept it obvious, in a Ripley's Believe-it-or-Not informative kind of way. It's "Baseball's Two Hal Smiths" because that's who they are. In the end it matters not what they're doing, just that they appear together. That's why this one's a Keeper. 
As most parents know, and as we're learning, once they start crawling and standing and exploring, the battle dominance and safety between parents and children over has only just begun. After over a month of putting it off, Tricia and I decided this morning (with Gwyneth's help) that our project over the weekend must be Gwyneth-proofing the house. Just this morning our fearless, diapered, red-kneed trouble maker rediscovered the cat food, learned how to open the kitchen cabinets and decided that a very tall study lamb had to be more fun parallel to the floor. So, we're off to Home Depot and Walmart to stock up. Got any tips, products, resources or creative battle strategies to share with us? Now's your chance to help us get starting with a victory!
 I couldn't read. I had no concept of time. I had no clue what baseball was. I didn't know the World Series existed before the Red Sox made it there in 1986. But stickers? Yeah, I kinda knew what stickers were. Stickers and I have enjoyed a love-love relationship my whole life. Dinosaur stickers begot robot stickers eventually begot Obey Giant stickers. So when I reached a certain collecting-and-knowing-what-baseball-was-age, stickers and I rekindled our love affair once more in the form of the Panini and Topps sticker books. I never completed my sticker albums, but I was always gung-ho. I just want to get all of this off my chest before I start down this long, sometimes dusty, but always sticky road. Initial Thoughts 1982 Topps Stickers. Man, that kid on the box is kind of creepy, isn't he? And yet, I'd be as stoked as he obviously is if I was eight years old and embarking on a magnificent sticker-filled adventure. If we all agree for the moment that the kid on the box was around eight years old in 1982... he would be 36 today. Gary Carter is on the front of the album, and each page has a slightly obscured shadow portrait of a member of each team. What's creepy about this is that the eyes have been removed from each person, leaving somewhat anonymous baseball-playing zombies haunting the backgrounds of each page. Twenty cents for five stickers to a pack, which means the minimum a kid was spending to fill his or her album was (260 stickers/5= 52 unique packs) 52 x 20¢ = $10.40 (+ 25¢ for the album)... So a total of $10.65 to complete the album without ever getting a double. Not exactly chump change to a kid in 1982. So I've armed myself with a complete, unopened box of stickers (100 packs), which was easier than expected to track down, and an unused sticker album. Let's get this sticker party started 
You know, I want to be excited by this. It looks like they even got Marvin from Pulp Fiction. You know, the guy they accidently shoot and have to call Harvey Keitel to mop up the blood. Well, I don't see a credit for Back on Topps on his imdb.com page, but that really looks like him. I also like the reference to the "cocaine out of a bread truck," though if we remember back to last year, I believe it was a Mr. Softee truck out in Jamaica, Queens, where the driver was selling cocaine on the side. (His trick? Double-cupping the sundaes. Ingenious.) So yeah, I want to get excited. But you know what would really get me jazzed on this series--and yes, I just said 'jazzed', which hopefully came across in a completely non-sexual way, though now that I've taken the energy to explain probably does come across as sexual--? I think you know... That's right: a re-occurring character who either appears in a dream sequence or within the wacky corporate world of Topps HQ who also happens to be on a mini Allen & Ginter card (or 1975 Topps Mini). Or is Lil' Kwame Brown. This character would best be played by a real-life athlete, with his character name simply his real name with 'Baby' or 'Lil'' in front of it. Like "Baby Rafael Furcal" or "Lil' Dmitri". Actually, that last one's not bad. Get Dmitri Young on the phone to play the Topps egghead archivist (who expounds on his love of gem mint cards and also happens to be trapped on a mini A & G card). 
I take collation pretty seriously, mostly because I enjoy knowing what I'm going to get once I know the top card (or sticker, as the case may be). For this box, if Tom Seaver was first out of the pack, your four others would be in this order: Jerry Remy, Dusty Baker, Mike Schmidt, and Vida Blue. Similarly, if you pulled Paul Molitor first, there was nearly a 100% chance that the third sticker would be Manny Trillo, the fourth sticker would be Bob Horner, and the second and fifth stickers would be random. Even the seemingly random-seeded stickers weren't seeded all that randomly. For instance, Andre Dawson was locked in the 1 hole, John Castino and Fred Lynn both 2's, John Mayberry a 3, Pete Rose Highlight a 4, and Cecil Cooper, Cliff Johnson, Dave Collins, and at least 18 others at 5. There were "Rogue" stickers as well, or those that didn't appear in a consistent slot (Keith Hernandez, Rollie Fingers League Leaders). And there, hidden amongst the doubles, triples, rogues and locked rows were actual single print stickers – 25 of them to be exact, including all five of the stickers from Pack 1. Amazing. Someone asked me today what my goal of this project was. I answered that I wanted to be able to hypothetically assemble an uncut sheet of stickers without knowing exactly where each sticker would have fit. And while that would be a neat exercise to actually do, the more I thought about individual box collation, pack cycles, and pack pockets, the more I realized that to make generalizations based a very small sample is at best unwise and at worst just plain stupid. I remember a few years ago when I started A Pack A Day, I ripped a box of 1989-90 Hoops Series One. I found that not only was the David Robinson draft-day rookie short print not actually short-printed, but I found that if you got it in a pack, you also got Larry Bird (I ended up getting about 4 of each from that one box). But while my experience tells me that the Robinson wasn't actually a short print, why is it always listed as a short print? Using my one-box example to make a generalization doesn't really work. There are reasons why card companies serial-number cards nowadays. For one thing, it creates a sense of a limited supply. For another thing, it completely destroys the idea of a general collation. Just because you get autographed relic card A doesn't mean you'll also get commons B, C, and D (well, unless the auto relics are considered Rogues, then that opens up whole new possibilities...). Of course, this is not true of regular card products. I'd bet that Topps 2010 has just as poor collation as Topps 1986. In any event, if you can view a Google doc, you can take a look at my documented collation from my box of 1982 Topps Stickers. 
My hands keep working pretty well when I'm drinking. My ADHD mind is more problematic. I've tried to avoid this, largely because I think that according to whatever code of scribal ethics I do, or should, observe, it's reprehensible. Nonetheless — and this might well have summat to do with my having read about one of my literary heroes, W.H. Auden, sitting in a dive bar on St. Mark's Place sucking down the VSOP all day long, no doubt fending off propositions from Ginsberg, writing away. I can't do it. I believe I've made that clear. If I haven't, here's the dilly-o. My hands keep working pretty well when I'm drinking. My ADHD mind is more problematic. Of course, my mind is problematic in the best of situations. I sure as hell can't control it. So it's snowing here in Gotham. It would be an excellent night to find a nice ginmill and spend the rest of the evening consuming a pride of beers and a couple of packs of Marlboros. Except for (1) I don't smoke any more and (2) even if I did, you can't light up in bars here in the city. There were a couple of pints in the refrigerator when I got home from tai chi, and they went fast, so I had a couple more. All to the good. I can feel the universe narrowing, feel my interest in my own thoughts burgeoning, and feel the external noise fading away. The thirst is far from satisfied, amigos. But that's it for tonight. I know where I stand, and where I'd stand, or flop, if I had a couple more pints. Nowhere good, I assure you. The issue of creating, even on the abcedarian level at which I compose, and drinking is complex. It's like juggling sushi knives. One slip and you're not witty, you're exsanguinating. Remember the scene in Deer Hunter where Walken was playing Russian roulette? Not quite so severe, but a loss is a loss. So I'll be signing off now, chillin' like Bob Dylan. When I review this tomorrow, I may have more to say.
Sometime in December I decided to find out how long it would take to put together a set by simply buying wax packs. Of course, the holidays were fast approaching, so this became a project for after the madness passed. And now here we are. A few days ago, I put out a message on Facebook/Twitter asking for help: Which set should I put together? The choices were 1981 Fleer, 1990 Topps, 1991 Topps, 1992 Upper Deck, 1994 Fleer, and a random 1980s Topps sticker set. I got a lot of response, mostly choosing a sticker set (5 votes), 1981 Fleer (2 votes), or 1990 Topps (2 votes). After much deliberation, here's the set I'll be aiming to complete: 1982 Topps Stickers. I chose 1982 because of the availability of unopened sticker packs and unused sticker albums. After I complete the sticker album, I will attempt to complete 1991 Topps, a set I never liked and never bought when it came out. After 1991 Topps, who knows. Here are the rules: No trading. No buying of opened lots on eBay. I will only buy packs. I also plan on tracking sticker/card sequencing in packs. I will then fill in each page of the sticker album as best I can. I still haven't figured out what to do with the sticker doubles, but I think some sort of public art around Boston will be on tap. 
Hi all, It's been a while since my last post as not much has changed, i am still managing on 12.5mg Methotrexate weekly and 75mg Diclofenac daily, my last blood tests showed that i am still anaemic with low ferritin levels (as i think ive said before i just cannot tolerate the iron (Ferrous Sulphate) tablets), so i am now waiting for a date to have another endoscopy to check for ulcers which i ain't looking forward to. My joints are not too bad at the moment on the lower Methotrexate dose although my skin is creeping up again. I hope everyone is bearing up and ok, all the best
In my view, this is a step in the wrong direction. The tax on so-called Cadillac health plans made sense as a way to reduce the existing tax incentive toward excessively generous health insurance, which in turn encourages excessive use of healthcare. That reform is, apparently, now gone. Instead, the current administration proposal is to increase the tax on capital income, reducing the incentive for saving and investment. In other words, the new proposal would do less to bend the curve of rising healthcare costs and more to impede long-run economic growth. This change was probably made to attract more House Democrats. It will likely make the plan even less attractive to congressional Republicans. By the way, according to CBO director Doug Elmendorf, the new administration proposal has too few details for the CBO to provide cost estimates. Perhaps more details will be available in the days to come. 
Jane went to see the psychiatrist today with a friend. She wrote out an agenda of questions for discussion but he was bemused by it. He thought he ought to have all the answers but didn't have an answer to one of them. He seemed not to understand that they were points for discussion rather than direct questions of him. He was frightened that he didn't have the answers. He was even more frightened that he didn't understand the questions. Jane was yet even more frightened that he didn't understand the questions. He felt "got at" because of this ... but it was a genuine attempt to have a multi-disciplinary discussion. As the team leader, surely he should feel competent in this? Their ward rounds are described as multi-disciplinary team meetings. But he didn't feel confident. He could talk about medication, leave and risk assessments; anything else sent him into a panic or denial. Consultant psychiatrists in the NHS are not used to being questioned or having to substantiate what they are doing. They expect deference and in return do what the ward staff ask of them. It is four weeks since he suggested he wanted a second opinion for Sam. He has done nothing since then. When Jane discussed this with him he suggested a name for the second opinion. We have Googled him and he is an expert in "Schizophrenia", in medication and in treatment resistance. He has written papers about the additional medication that Sam's psychiatrist wants to introduce. What is the point in getting a true second opinion from someone whose background is such that they are almost certain to support what Sam's psychiatrist intended to do in the first place? We have been very polite with him so far. Perhaps it was good to have made him squirm a little today ... Though on previous occasions this has often had negative outcomes.
It's difficult enough for my ADHD brain to remember what I'm doing, let alone what five or six other mooks are up to. I was diligently studying Latin; OK, I was watching some tournament poker over the weekend when I realized that in a treating ADHD blog post last week I'd discussed the hardships an ADHDan faced when playing cards. My point was that given our ADHD impaired memories, we were at a gross disadvantage, since being able to recall the cards which had been played was critical to all but the most casual levels of gaming. True enough, but not the whole story. First of all, it's not just the cards that a good player remembers, but the other players. Poker players speak of a player having a "tell," some behavioral tic that he replicates in direct response to a given set of circumstances. For example, a player who's bluffing may sit there scratching at his ear, or drumming his fingers on the table (these are exceptionally overt mannerisms, but for our current purposes they'll serve). Given a good hand, the same player may sit as serenely as a lama, or carefully arrange his chips in even stacks. This information only comes from constant observation and analysis, watching the actions of one's competitors and linking them to the situation that eventually reveals itself. Like all data recording, the value of these observations increases in direct proportion to their quantity and accuracy. And then, of course, one has to remember this stuff. There's no benefit to an "AHA!" moment, the realization that another player has just moved his glasses to the top of his head, or has started to suck on an ice cube, unless you can recall what he held the last time he did so. I've come to terms with this, and that's why I don't play cards any more. It's difficult enough for me to remember what I'm doing, let alone what five or six other mooks are up to. And that's not even allowing for the possibility that they've totally fabricated a tell, and are planning on trotting it out, blatantly, at a critical moment, probably when you're trying to decide whether or not to go all-in. Sucker. PS: If don't think you have any tells, think again. All but the very best players exhibit them, and if you're reading this, Slick, you're certainly not in that category.
Jane decided to attend the ward round meeting earlier this week. We had been to the planning meeting only a couple of weeks earlier. But of course, yet again, things change so quickly that there is a need for a short term response and the longer term plan can be quickly forgotten. We wanted to emphasise our thanks to the staff for the fact that they were still being positive with Sam and with us while things have been difficult. Also we wanted to suggest that there needed to be a major input of some sort in terms of psychological and therapeutic support to try to get Sam over this blip. They started though by trying very hard to reassure Jane that they had no intentions of trying to move Sam elsewhere. Jane must have mentioned this. It is a real fear. It has happened everywhere else. They are so used to "improvement" in their behavioural sense with the possibility of patients moving on. When an initial improvement leads ultimately to further decline they are at a loss and eager to move him on before it becomes apparent or because they do not know want to do next. Sam is now on a forensic ward. Where does he go from here if they can't cope? But only a few weeks ago on Christmas Day Sam and the family enjoyed a lovely day together. So it can go well for him and us. How do we get back on the upward spiral? So they were trying hard to reassure Jane of this. Then they started to talk of medication. They see a need for change. They do not understand him. He seems to be outside their experience. Usually on Clozapine patients do so well ... Sam has been there for eighteen months now. This is the second time he has been on Clozapine. Both times he has been taken to hospital with physical health concerns. So what do they propose now? More psychological and therapeutic support? No ...
I had severe carpal tunnel syndrome and was headed straight under the knife, but truly didnt want surgewry... A friend told me about a 'platelet injection' made from your own blood.. i as sceptical & the pain doc in denton, tx told me it was purely experimental but it worked!!.. within a few weeks my pain deminished to the point i didnt notice it or didnt have it anymore. I cant say this is the answer for everyone.. but it surely worked for me :) Best of luck to you friend!
Once your application gets to the hiring committee, the hope is that they've already heard of you. But if they haven't, hopefully they've heard of at least one of your letter writers. When we get applications, I typically first sort by whether I've heard of the applicant, then by the number of letter writers they have that I've heard of, then loosely by the reputation of their university. And I make my way down the list, not always all the way to the bottom. (Okay, I've only done this once, and I think I got about 90% of the way through.) In my experience, what we've looked for in applications is (a) a good research statement, including where you're going so as to distinguish yourself from your advisor, (b) a not-bad teaching statement (it's hard to get a job at a research university on a great teaching statement, but it's easy to lose an offer on a bad one... my feeling here is just to be concrete and not to pad it with BS -- if you don't have much to say, don't say much), (c) great letters, and (d) an impressive CV. You should expect that the hiring committee will read some of your papers before interviewing you. This means that if you have dozens, you should highlight somewhere (probably the research statement) what are they best ones that they should read. Otherwise they'll choose essentially randomly, and (depending on your publishing style) this could hurt. As always, put your best foot forward and make it easy for the hiring committee to find out what's so great about you. Anyway, that's basically it. There's lots more at interview stage, but these are my feelings for application stage. I'd be interested to hear if my characterization of the hiring process is vastly different than at other universities; plus, if there are other openings that might be relevant to NLP/ML folks, I'm sure people would be very pleased to seem them in the comments section. Good luck, all your graduating folks! 
Back in 2003, the popular rumor in Boston was that the Red Sox, White Sox, and Rangers were going to put together a three-team trade that would send Manny Ramirez to Texas, Nomar Garciaparra to Chicago, and Magglio Ordonez and Alex Rodriguez to Boston. Nobody knows for sure what would've happened had that trade gone through, but for a minute or two there I could see A-Rod and Ordonez in Sox uniforms. There have been other players whom I thought would end up on the Sox one way or another (Todd Helton is at the top of that list), but one guy I never saw on the Red Sox was Fred McGriff. Maybe it's because I was raised on the Lou Gorman-led Sox ("What would we do with Willie McGee?"), but the Sox already had Mo Vaughn at first. What would we have done with Fred McGriff? My grandfather grew up in a small town in South Dakota. His sisters were the switchboard operators for the town, and his father the postman and local semi-pro baseball team manager. He likes to tell the story of how, towards the end of one season, his father lured a star pitcher away from a rival team. And then, instead of pitching him in the big games that followed, kept him on the bench. When asked why he would do that, my grandfather laughs and says that his dad had the luxury of not using the star pitcher--as long as he wasn't pitching for the other team. And when the A-Rod and Ordonez trades fell through, what did the Yankees do? Did they say "Why do we need A-Rod when we already have Derek Jeter?" This is one of those little things that we with the Lou Gorman mindset never figure out: having Mo Vaughn at first and Fred McGriff, be it at DH or lounging on the bench, perhaps could've pushed the Sox closer to the pennant. Instead we defensively scoff at even considering the possibility. 
“Greetings from the President of the United States.” That's what it said when my draft notice came in the mail, a couple of wars ago. But instead of thinking about how hard it would be to leave my family and friends for months, or years, I had another thought that ping-ponged around inside my head. What to do with my beloved and pampered 1965 Mustang? It was just too dear to my heart to part with, and I didn't dare leave it for my parents to drive—or worse yet, my little brother. It would just have to be pickled, and put up on blocks for the duration. That was a long time ago, and I wish I had done a better job of preserving that car, so I could drive it today. Yes, I miss that Mustang. There are lots of men and women serving in our armed forces around the globe. And I receive plenty of mail from them asking me how they should store their cars while they are overseas. The rules of vehicular cold storage are the same no matter why the car is left behind. But storage isn't always kind to vehicles. Corrosion and decay take their toll on engines, bodies and interiors. Time itself can ruin tires, and even a car stored inside a garage can attract some unwanted furry house guests. Here's how to protect and store your car, truck or motorcycle—the right way. Store or Sell? Unless there's something very special about a particular car, I don't suggest placing a car in storage for more than a year. Special-interest and collector cars, like that 1966 Vette or antique Hispano-Suiza, might tug on your heartstrings (and purse strings) enough to keep them in the family, but anything that qualifies as practical daily transportation, no matter how nice it is, should be sold. You can replace it with another car when you're in need of a vehicle again. The loss in value of a car that accrues in another year from its manufacture, even if the odometer doesn't see any more miles, is too high. One option for shorter-term situations is to simply keep the car on the road. Find some responsible adult who will drive the car every two or three weeks for an hour or more. This will keep the drivetrain lubricated and the battery charged. An engine that doesn't run regularly collects moisture and internal rust, especially on the portions of the cylinder walls not covered by the pistons, valves, camshafts and valve springs. Ditto for the brake discs, which are made from easy-to-rust cast iron. A car that's driven far enough to get completely warm and remain that way for an hour or more will drive off the moisture, coat any lubricated surfaces with oil again, and sweep the rust off the discs before they start to pit. And keep your insurance active: In some states, dropping your car insurance, even if you're not going to be driving, will make it nearly impossible or very expensive to get insurance again when you're ready. Check with your insurance agent; he may be able to reduce your coverage or transfer it to some less expensive option. At the very least, you'll want theft and vandalism coverage—just in case. 
It has been a while since my last post. These long breaks are becoming more frequent and I'm not quite sure why. My life is probably no more hectic than some of yours, so for me to make excuses would be completely reckless. Many of you may have known that I have been in the media business for many years, and about 5 years ago I partnered with someone to open our own media sales organization. It was an exciting time for me and I'm glad that I did it. We had made significant progress over the years, but at the same time I felt it wasn't significant enough for me to continue in the partnership. I recently decided to hand the operations over to my partner and the other two companies that we had formed a relationship with. It was time for me to move on. I was hired four weeks ago by our local Fox Network affiliate, Sinclair Broadcasting Group, the largest independent broadcasting company in the country. It has been a crazy few weeks, but things are really starting to fall into place. I am excited for our future and will try and keep all of you posted on our progress. The kids are in school and once again we are pleased with the curriculum. Robin is doing extremely well in her classes to become a PA. I keep on telling myself that she'll only be in school for two more years thinking that it may calm me down a bit. It doesn't work. I'm sure that once we find our rhythm, things will fall into the proper place.
I have started going to School 3 days a week for about 3 hours now. I am now 17 years old. People say I have got better at speaking to people but I dont think so, I still get as nervous maybe even more. My Brother Adam now takes me out 3 times a week now for a couple of hours so im a lot busier than before. If youn want any advice or anything about Autism comment if you want. Once Someone called me a professional about autism but im not, I will still try to help if i can.
Ellen Riloff and I run an NLP reading group pretty much every semester. Last semester we covered "old school NLP." We independently came up with lists of what we consider some of the most important ideas (idea = paper) from pre-1990 (most are much earlier) and let students select which to present. There was a lot of overlap between Ellen's list and mine (not surprisingly). If people are interested, I can provide the whole list (just post a comment and I'll dig it up). The whole list of topics is posted as a comment. The topics that were actually selected are here. I hope the students have found this exercise useful. It gets you thinking about language in a way that papers from the 2000s typically do not. It brings up a bunch of issues that we no longer think about frequently. Like language. (Joking.) (Sort of.) One thing that's really stuck out for me is how much "old school" NLP comes across essentially as a study of representations. Perhaps this is a result of the fact that AI -- as a field -- was (and, to some degree, still is) enamored with knowledge representation problems. To be more concrete, let's look at a few examples. It's already been a while since I read these last (I had meant to write this post during the spring when things were fresh in my head), so please forgive me if I goof a few things up. I'll start with one I know well: Mann and Thompson's rhetorical structure theory paper from 1988. This is basically "the" RST paper. I think that when a many people think of RST, they think of it as a list of ways that sentences can be organized into hierarchies. Eg., this sentence provides background for that one, and together they argue in favor of yet a third. But this isn't really where RST begins. It begins by trying to understand the communicative role of text structure. That is, when I write, I am trying to communicate something. Everything that I write (if I'm writing "well") is toward that end. For instance, in this post, I'm trying to communicate that old school NLP views representation as the heart of the issue. This current paragraph is supporting that claim by providing a concrete example, which I am using to try to convince you of my claim. As a more detailed example, take the "Evidence" relation from RST. M+T have the following characterization of "Evidence." Herein, "N" is the nucleus of the relation, "S" is the satellite (think of these as sentences), "R" is the reader and "W" is the writer: 
The rest of this post are random thoughts that occurred to me at NIPS. Maybe some of them will get other people's wheels turning? This was originally an email I sent to my students, but I figured I might as well post it for the world. But forgive the lack of capitalization :): persi diaconis' invited talk about reinforcing random walks... that is, you take a random walk, but every time you cross an edge, you increase the probability that you re-cross that edge (see coppersmith + diaconis, rolles + diaconis).... this relates to a post i had a while ago: nlpers.blogspot.com/2007/04/multinomial-on-graph.html ... i'm thinking that you could set up a reinforcing random walk on a graph to achieve this. the key problem is how to compute things -- basically want you want is to know for two nodes i,j in a graph and some n >= 0, whether there exists a walk from i to j that takes exactly n steps. seems like you could craft a clever data structure to answer this question, then set up a graph multinomial based on this, with reinforcement (the reinforcement basically looks like the additive counts you get from normal multinomials)... if you force n=1 and have a fully connected graph, you should recover a multinomial/dirichlet pair. also from persi's talk, persi and some guy sergei (sergey?) have a paper on variable length markov chains that might be interesting to look at, perhaps related to frank wood's sequence memoizer paper from icml last year. finally, also from persi's talk, steve mc_something from ohio has a paper on using common gamma distributions in different rows to set dependencies among markov chains... this is related to something i was thinking about a while ago where you want to set up transition matrices with stick-breaking processes, and to have a common, global, set of sticks that you draw from... looks like this steve mc_something guy has already done this (or something like it). not sure what made me think of this, but related to a talk we had here a few weeks ago about unit tests in scheme, where they basically randomly sample programs to "hope" to find bugs... what about setting this up as an RL problem where your reward is high if you're able to find a bug with a "simple" program... something like 0 if you don't find a bug, or 1/|P| if you find a bug with program P. (i think this came up when i was talking to percy -- liang, the other one -- about some semantics stuff he's been looking at.) afaik, no one in PL land has tried ANYTHING remotely like this... it's a little tricky because of the infinite but discrete state space (of programs), but something like an NN-backed Q-learning might do something reasonable :P. i also saw a very cool "survey of vision" talk by bill freeman... one of the big problems they talked about was that no one has a good p(image) prior model. the example given was that you usually have de-noising models like p(image)*p(noisy image|image) and you can weight p(image) by ^alpha... as alpha goes to zero, you should just get a copy of your noisy image... as alpha goes to infinity, you should end up getting a good image, maybe not the one you *want*, but an image nonetheless. this doesn't happen. one way you can see that this doesn't happen is in the following task. take two images and overlay them. now try to separate the two. you *clearly* need a good prior p(image) to do this, since you've lost half your information. i was thinking about what this would look like in language land. one option would be to take two sentences and randomly interleave their words, and try to separate them out. i actually think that we could solve this tasks pretty well. you could probably formulate it as a FST problem, backed by a big n-gram language model. alternatively, you could take two DOCUMENTS and randomly interleave their sentences, and try to separate them out. i think we would fail MISERABLY on this task, since it requires actually knowing what discourse structure looks like. a sentence n-gram model wouldn't work, i don't think. (although maybe it would? who knows.) anyway, i thought it was an interesting thought experiment. i'm trying to think if this is actually a real world problem... it reminds me a bit of a paper a year or so ago where they try to do something similar on IRC logs, where you try to track who is speaking when... you could also do something similar on movie transcripts. hierarchical topic models with latent hierarchies drawn from the coalescent, kind of like hdp, but not quite. (yeah yeah i know i'm like a parrot with the coalescent, but it's pretty freaking awesome :P.) That's it! Hope you all had a great holiday season, and enjoy your New Years (I know I'm going skiing. A lot. So there, Fernando! :)). 
Is it the scripty names? The low budget headshots? The blue outlines for American Leaguers and red for National? What is it about this set that makes this grown man swoon? I'll tell you what. It's cheap. Super cheap, in fact. I may be blowing my cover here, but arm yourself with the right reference guides and you can buy the rare ones for practically nothin' from the rubes on eBay. It's a good-looking set, too. Clean lines, small Post logo, real team insignia and uniforms––none of that crap from the Eighties and Nineties, after Major League Baseball added a (TM) to everything and made it so the third-parties didn't want to pay the licensing fees. And this one's an old set, and a short one, too. Just 200 cards. And did I mention it's cheap? If you're looking for a fun, ground-floor set to get in on, make it a Post Cereal set from the 1960s. I chose 1962. It's got unexpected rarities (like Jerry Lynch), big names that are relatively easy to find, two versions of the Mantle and Maris cards, a host of errors, and the wonderful phenomenon of the hand-cut card. Ah yes, the joys of cutting your own cards! I remember a certain Will Clark card I cut off the back of a Drake's Cakes when I was 9 years old. It had more angles and jagged edges than a rectangle is supposed to have... Unless you had steady surgeon's hands or had a parent do the work, you got a ragged piece of cardboard. But that's the fun of it. Besides, who wanted to wait for a parent? I needed that Will Clark card in my grubby stack of cards now! And no matter where you find these early-Sixties Post cards, be it in the dime bin at a show or a ten-dollar lot on eBay, they are always a bit ragged. Sure, being born of cereal-box-grade cardboard didn't help (feels a bit flimsier than standard Topps baseball cards of the day), but it's the knowledge that kids in the Sixties were every bit as impatient to get at their cards as I was, twenty-five years later, that puts this set on a higher plane. So goodnight, you backs of cereal boxes, you hand-cut kings of nostalgia. 
This is what I mean by small changes (to the input) begetting good example. A slightly transformed zero is still a zero. Of course, you have to be careful. If you rotate a six by 180 degrees, you get a nine. If you rotate a cat by 180 degrees, you get an unhappy cat. More seriously, if you're brave, you might start looking at a class of transformations called diffeomorphisms, which are fairly popular around here. These are nice because of their nice mathematical properties, but un-nice because they can be slightly too flexible for certain problems. Now, let's go over to NLP land. Do we ever futz with our inputs? Sure! In language modeling, we'll sometimes permute words or replace one word with another to get a negative example. Noah Smith futzed with his inputs in contrastive estimation to produce negative examples by swapping adjacent words, or deleting words. In fact, try as I might, I cannot think of a single case in NLP where we make small changes to an input to get another good input: we always do it to get a bad input! In a sense, this means that one thing that vision people have that we don't have is a notion of semantics preserving transformations. Sure, linguists (especially those from that C-guy) study transformations. And there's a vague sense that work in paraphrasing leads to transformations that maintain semantic equivalence. But the thing is that we really don't know any transformations that preserve semantics. Moreover, some transformations that seem benign (eg., passivization) actually are not: one of my favorite papers at NAACL this year by Greene and Resnik showed that syntactic structure affects sentiment (well, them, drawing on a lot of psycholinguistics work)! I don't have a significant point to this story other than it's kind of weird. I mentioned this to some people at ICML and got a reaction that replacing words with synonyms should be fine. I remember doing this in high school, when word processors first started coming with thesauri packed in. The result seemed to be that if I actually knew the word I was plugging in, life was fine... but if not, it was usually a bad replacement. So this seems like something of a mixed bag: depending on how liberal you are with defining "synonym" you might be okay do this, but you might also not be. 
Arrived home from work this evening to a letter from the hospital. I've just had my monthly blood test and I immediately thought it might be a recall for another test because my numbers were high. Or low. But no. The letter reads: 'An appointment has been made for you to see Rheumatology Nurse All Grades or a member of the team'. And that's it. No explanation. No reason given. I'm not even asked if I'd like an appointment, or whether one can be arranged that's mutually convenient to me and 'Nurse All Grades' or the NAG as I'll now think of them / it. Am I alone in thinking this is a bit rude? I don't get summoned without explanation by my dentist, or my optician, or my vet (well, not my vet, the cats' vet, but you see what I mean). I feel like giving them a piece of my mind but I fear I've few enough pieces left for myself. I'll give them a call. I'm sure there's a good reason.
Okay, so this list is all food. But frankly, what else are you going to do here? Go to malls? :). There's definitely nice architecture to be seen; I would recommend the Mosque off of Arab street; of course you have to go to the Esplanade (the durian-looking building); etc. You can see a few photos from my last trip here. Now, I realize that most of the above list is not particularly friendly to my happy cow friends. Here's a list of restaurants that happy cow provides. There are quite a few vegetarian options, probably partially because of the large Muslim population here. There aren't as many vegan places, but certainly enough. For the vegan minded, there is a good blog about being vegan in Singapore (first post is about a recent local talk by Campbell, the author of The China Study, which I recommend everyone at least reads). I can't vouch for the quality of these places, but here's a short list drawn from Living Vegan: Mushroom hotpot at Ling Zhi Fried fake meat udon noodles (though frankly I'm not a big fan of fake meat) Green Pasture cafe; looks like you probably have to be a bit careful here in terms of what you order Yes Natural; seems like it has a bunch of good options Lotus Veg restaurant, seems to have a bunch of dim sum (see here, too) If you must, there's pizza And oh-my-gosh, there's actually veggie chicken rice, though it doesn't seem like it holds up to the same standards as real chicken rice (if it did, that would be impressive) Okay, you can find more for yourself if you go through their links :). Enjoy your time here! Quick update: Totally forgot about coffee. If you need your espresso kick, Highlander coffee (49 Kampong Bahru Road) comes the most recommended, but is a bit of a hike from the conference area. Of course, you could also try the local specialty: burnt crap with condensed milk (lots and lots of discussion especially on page two here). 
I'm not sure how to help you catch up with events since my last post. It's not that there have been lots of "events" - just phone calls, visits, conversations, elation and despair. Just the usual really. It is just the up and down ... and the down and up. Jane's spoken on the phone with the psychiatrist who was covering last week - who seemed very good and took on board our feelings that it was important to get Sam out. Jane also bumped into the ward manager when delivering Sam his fix of tobacco and reinforced this message yet again. So they gave him leave - just around the grounds (ie the car park) with two members of staff escorting him. But at least it happened. And he's played football two days running in "the hard area" (or "cage" as we describe it.) We visited on Saturday and were able to walk around the grounds with Sam - and of course two staff. But he was fine. The more it works well the more they will see it is okay again and we can get back onto the upward spiral. But tomorrow we have a CPA meeting - a regular planning meeting. After making a fuss about asking for a copy of his last plan, the minutes of the last meeting and reports for the next meeting we finally got a copy of the last plan. They had some trouble tracking it down. It clearly wasn't a working document then was it ... ?
Forget the cards for a second. That's right, I want to trade this Harry Caray bobblehead to you. But here's what you have to do: You have to offer me a better trade than anyone else. My Keeper List is available to view (see link in sidebar at right), but don't let that hold you back. You want to trade me $80 in first class postage? How about a signed and numbered Dan McCarthy print? Or a few rare souvenir postcard folders? Here's what I know about this bobblehead: 1) It was made in 2002 by Bosley Bobbers 2) It's still in its original box 3) The box says it's a limited edition 4) It currently retails for $79.95 on eBay (link) 5) I don't know where I got it Here's what you should do if you want to add this bobblehead to your collection: email me with your trade idea. The best idea will get Harry and his enormous glasses, bobbling for all eternity. 
If NP Bayes had its way on this problem (or at least if the standard models I'm familiar with had their way), they would memorize "talk" -> "talked" and "look" -> "looked" and so on because they're so familiar. Sure, it would still memorize the exceptions, but it would also memorize the really common "rule cases too... why? Because of course it could fall back to the parametric model, but these are so common that the standard models would really like to take advantage of the rich-get-richer phenomenon on things like DPs, thus saving themselves cost by memorizing a new "cluster" for each common word. (Okay, this is just my gut feeling about what such models would do, but I think it's at least defensible.) Yes, you could turn the DP "alpha" parameter down, but I guess I'm just not convinced this would do the right thing. Maybe I should just implement such a beast but, well, this is a blog post, not a *ACL paper :P. Take as an alternative example the language modeling stuff. Basically what it says is "if you have enough data to substantiate memorizing a 5 gram, you should probably memorize a 5 gram." But why? If you could get the same effect with a 2 or 3 gram, why waste the storage/time?! I guess you could argue "your prior is wrong," which is probably true for most of these models. In which case I guess the question is "what prior does what I want?" I don't have a problem with rich get richer -- in fact, I think it's good in this case. I also don't have a problem with a logarithmic growth rate in the number of exceptions (though I'd be curious how this holds up empirically -- in general, I'm a big fan of checking if your prior makes sense; for instance, Figure 3 (p16) of my supervised clustering paper). I just don't like the notion of memorizing when you don't have to. 
I had a great idea a few years back: get baseball players and other celebrities to autograph my high school yearbook. How cool would it be to open your yearbook and have, amongst notes from your old friends, Fred McGriff's autograph? Or a 'Best Wishes' from Jonathan Franzen? I'm all about autographs in unexpected places. If I weren't so shy in real life I'd do it. Or at least have an autograph book, filled with neighbors and other people I've met. McGriff hit 34 home runs in the strike-shortened 1994 season. He was on pace for 48, had the season gone the full 162 games. 
I've been lucky all my life to have doctors who pretty much let me do what I want. While I've had pharmacists question my inhaler use in the past, I have never had a doctor tell me to quit using it so much. Now I'm not saying my doctors aren't concerned, just that I've been fortunate to have doctors that understand that not all asthmatics fit into the "guidelines." Sure most asthmatics shouldn't need to use their rescue inhaler more often than once or twice in a two week period, but some asthmatics -- like me and perhaps you -- need it more often. I wrote about how I was a bronchodilatoraholic (well, I suppose, once you're a bronchodilatoraholic you always are) once or twice on my other blogs, and I have had people email me to tell me my asthma is out of control if I use it as much as I claim. When, in fact, my asthma is controlled. Thus, rescue inhaler frequency isn't always an indicator of asthma control.
Purge update. There's no turning back. Those of you who want to trade with me or want some of my cards, email me and we'll figure something out. Also, two nights ago I started listing cards on eBay. You can follow my auctions here. Last night I posted three lots of 1959 Topps Venezuelan, nine cards total. Almost immediately, they all sold at the "buy it now" price. If you're interested in Venezuelan cards, I have about 20 from 1960 and 16 from 1966, in various conditions, with Hall of Famers, stars of the day, rookies, Yankees, Dodgers, and commons. Also this weekend, I'll be posting a whole bunch of lots from the 1970s, as well as going through and putting together a 1986 Topps set, then giving away all the doubles. If you're in the Brookline/Boston area and have a hankering for 1986 Topps baseball cards, drop me a line before I drop them on Craigslist. The Keeper List update. As part of The Epiphany, I'm putting together a list of Keepers. What makes a card a Keeper? It's a card I have a favorable gut reaction to, if that makes any sense. For me the holy quintet of baseball cards is 1953 Topps Ed Mathews, 1954 Topps O'Brien Brothers, 1958 Topps Stan Musial All-Star, 1959 Topps Roy Campanella "Symbol of Courage" and 1972 Topps Roberto Clemente. These are cards I'd consider framing, cards that transcend their subjects, cards that I consider artwork. Of course there are others: 1978 Topps Eddie Murray, 1986 Donruss Jose Canseco, 1987 Topps Bo Jackson to name a few. This is a work in progress, but you can follow that progress by viewing the Keeper List here. If you'd like to trade with me, these are the cards I'm interested in obtaining. This weekend I'm going to start posting more about The Purge in earnest. But I'm serious, if you want to trade with me or you just plain want some of my cards, email me. 
Arxiv is something of an underutilized resource in computer science. Indeed, many computer scientists seems not to even know it exists, despite it having been around for two decades now! On the other hand, it is immensely popular among (some branches of) mathematics and physics. This used to strike me as odd: arxiv is a computer service, why haven't computer scientists jumped on it. Indeed, I spent a solid day a few months ago putting all my (well almost all my) papers on arxiv. One can always point to "culture" for such things, but I suspect there are more rational reasons why it hasn't affected us as much as it has others. I ran in to arxiv first when I was in math land. The following is a cartoon view of how (some branches of) math research gets published: Authors write a paper Authors submit paper to a journal Authors simultaneously post paper on arxiv Journal publishes (or doesn't publish) paper We can contrast this with how life goes in CS land: Conference announces deadline One day before deadline, authors write a paper Conference publishes (or rejects) paper I think there are a few key differences that matter. Going up to the mathematician model, we can ask ourselves, why do they do #3? It's a way to get the results out without having to wait for a journal to come back with a go/no-go response. Basically in the mathematician model, arxiv is used for advertising while a journal is used for a stamp of approval (or correctness). So then why don't we do arxiv too? I think there are two reasons. First, we think that conference turn around is good enough -- we don't need anything faster. Second, it completely screws up our notions of blind review. If everyone simultaneously posted a paper on arxiv when submitting to a conference, we could no longer claim, at all, to be blind. (Please, I beg of you, do not start commenting about blind review versus non-blind review -- I hate this topic of conversation and it never goes anywhere!) Basically, we rely on our conferences to do both advertising and stamp of approval. Of course, the speed of conferences is mitigated by the fact that you sometimes have to go through two or three before your paper gets in, which can make it as slow, or slower than, journals. In a sense, I think that largely because of the blind thing, and partially because conferences tend to be faster than journals, the classic usage of arxiv is not really going to happen in CS. (There's one other potential use for arxiv, which I'll refer to as the tech-report effect. I've many times seen short papers posted on people's web pages either as tech-reports or as unpublished documents. I don't mean tutorial like things, like I have, but rather real semi-research papers. These are papers that contain a nugget of an idea, but for which the authors seem unwilling to go all the way to "make it work." One could imagine posting such things on arxiv. Unfortunately, I really dislike such papers. It's very much a "flag planting" move in my opinion, and it makes life difficult for people who follow. That is, if I have an idea that's in someone elses semi-research paper, do I need to cite them? Ideas are a dime a dozen: making it work is often the hard part. I don't think you should get to flag plant without going through the effort of making it work. But that's just me.) However, there is one prospect that arxiv could serve that I think would be quite valuable: literally, as an archive. Right now, ACL has the ACL anthology. UAI has its own repository. ICML has a rather sad state of affairs where, from what I can tell, papers from ICML #### are just on the ICML #### web page and if that happens to go down, oh well. All of these things could equally well be hosted on arxiv, which has strong government support to be sustained, is open access, blah blah blah. This brings me to a question for you all: how would you feel if all (or nearly all) ICML papers were to be published on arxiv? That is, if your paper is accepted, instead of uploading a camera-ready PDF to the ICML conference manager website, you instead uploaded to arxiv and then sent your arxiv DOI link to the ICML folks? 
This post is a bit of a historical retrospective, because it's only been recently that these things have aligned themselves in my head. The all goes back to Jyrki Kivenen and Manfred Warmuth's paper on exponentiated gradient descent that dates back to STOC 1995. For those who haven't read this paper, or haven't read it recently, it's a great read (although it tends to repeat itself a lot). It's particularly interesting because they derive gradient descent and exponentiated gradient descent (GD and EG) as a consequence of other assumptions. In particular, suppose we have an online learning problem, where at each time step we receive an example x, make a linear prediction (w'x) and then suffer a loss. The idea is that if we suffer no loss, then we leave w as is; if we do suffer a loss, then we want to balance two goals: Change w enough so that we wouldn't make this error again Don't change w too much The key question is how to define "too much." Suppose that we measure changes in w by looking at Euclidean distance between the updated w and the old w. If we work through the math for enforcing 1 while minimizing 2, we derive the gradient descent update rule that's been used for optimizing, eg., perceptrons for squared loss for ages. The magic is what happens if we use something other than Euclidean distance. If, instead, we assume that the ws are all positive, we can use an (unnormalized) KL divergence to measure differences between weight vectors. Doing this leads to multiplicative updates, or the exponentiated gradient algorithm. (Obvious (maybe?) open question: what happens if you replace the distance with some other divergence, say a Bregman, or alpha or phi-divergence?) This line of thinking leads naturally to Crammer et al.'s work on Online Passive Aggressive algorithms, from JMLR 2006. Here, the idea remains the same, but instead of simply ensuring that we make a correct classification, ala rule (1) above, we ensure that we make a correct classification with a margin of at least 1. They use Euclidean distance to measure the difference in weight vectors, and, for many cases, can get closed-form updates that look GD-like, but not exactly GD. (Aside: what happens if you use, eg., KL instead of Euclidean?) Two years later, Mark Dredze, Koby Crammer and Fernando Pereira presented Confidence-Weighted Linear Classification. The idea here is the same: don't change the weight vectors too much, but achieve good classification. The insight here is to represent weight vectors by distributions over weight vectors, and the goal is to change these distributions enough, but not too much. Here, we go back to KL, because KL makes more sense for distributions, and make a Gaussian assumption on the weight vector distribution. (This has close connections both to PAC-Bayes and, if I'm wearing my Bayesian hat, Kalman filtering when you make a Gaussian assumption on the posterior, even though it's not really Gaussian... it would be interesting to see how these similarities play out.) The cool thing here is that you effectively get variable learning rates on different parameters, where confident parameters get moved less. (In practice, one really awesome effect is that you tend to only need one pass over your training data to do a good job!) If you're interested in the Bayesian connection, you can get a very similar style algorithm if you do EP on a Bayesian classification algorithm (by Stern, Herbrich and Graepel), which is what Microsoft Bing uses for online ads. This finally bring us to NIPS this year, where Koby Crammer, Alex Kulesza and Mark Dredze presented work on Adaptive Regularization of Weight Vectors. Here, they take Confidence Weighted classification and turn the constraints into pieces of the regularizer (somewhat akin to doing a Lagrangian trick). Doing so allows them to derive a representer theorem. But again, the intuition is exactly the same: don't change the classifier too much, but enough. All in all, this is a very interesting line of work. The reason I'm posting about it is because I think seeing the connections makes it easier to sort these different ideas into bins in my head, depending on what your loss is (squared versus hinge), what your classifier looks like (linear versus distribution over linear) and what your notion of "similar classifiers" is (Euclidean or KL). (Aside: Tong Zhang has a paper on regularized winnow methods, which fits in here somewhere, but not quite as cleanly.) 
This afternoon I sat by the side of the road, waiting for the crosstown bus. I sat there for what seemed like forever, but was probably no longer than 20 minutes. I finally got so impatient that I crouched next to the bus stop sign, counting the seconds between a car appearing around the bend and it passing me. I also got to thinking... If I can't hardly wait 20 minutes for the bus, what's it like to wait six years from the time you retire to when you first become eligible for the Hall of Fame? What's it like, the anticipation? Part of me thinks 'waiting for the bus' is a good analogy here. Sometimes it's on time, sometimes you have to wait a little longer, and sometimes it never comes at all. A lot can happen in six years. Whole lives can change (but there's the Hall of Fame ballot announcement date, circled with permanent marker on the calendar in the back of your mind). For some guys, it's a given that the Hall will call (hey, that rhymes). Guys like Rickey Henderson, Greg Maddux, Craig Biggio--these guys don't have to worry. But is too much emphasis placed on being an inductee in the first year of eligibility? It took Duke Snider eleven years of voting to make the Hall of Fame (first appeared in 1970, inducted in 1980), Joe Cronin ten years (1947-1956), Don Drysdale ten years (1975-1984), and Bob Lemon 13 years (1964-1976). And those players are just four examples. There are plenty of others. It's guys like Jim Rice, David Concepcion, and Dale Murphy who get their hopes up, only to have them crushed year after year. And I guess I'll probably have to add Fred McGriff's name to that list in a few years. McGriff becomes eligible next year (for 2010 enshrinement), and while I'll be pulling for him, these days 493 career home runs don't seem to be enough to hang your legacy on. 
We had hoped we might have been able to go for a walk around the grounds with Sam and a couple of staff when we visited today. Jane had rung to try to arrange it yesterday. But just before we were due to set off we received a phone call from Sam's named nurse, J. As well as smashing his guitar on Thursday evening, on Friday evening Sam had slapped J's face and later thumped him in the stomach. He was unable to explain why he had acted in this way. He denied he had done it and claimed the mark left on J's face was a birth mark. So of course his leave has been cancelled again. It is lucky in a way - though not for him - that it was J. J is very experienced and genuinely wanted to try to understand why Sam had acted in this way so reacted to it all very calmly and properly. The phone conversation though was very positive and both J and Jane said how useful they had found it. Sam was quiet but fine when we visited. A bit distant perhaps. Friendly to start with but became more distant as we chatted. He mentioned slapping J but could not explain why - other than he was angry at being detained. He seems angry too at seeing us get older. Perhaps it reminds him of having lost his youth in hospital. We have noticed too how he is aging more quickly - lines around his eyes and so on. No doubt effects of the medication. We worry the internal effects may well be the same.
Sara and I got to the gym tonight for a nice workout at the BSC Westborough. I started off with a 2 mile run though I had intentions of running a bit further. I just didn't feel all that great and count myself as lucky to have finished the 2 mile run in 14:10 for an average pace of 7:04/mile with 280 calories burned. After running I lifted biceps and triceps. I did standing hammer curls, cable curls, cable rope pulldowns, cable v bar pulldowns and cable machine curls. In waiting for Sara I ended up jumping on the bike machine and doing a 4.02 mile ride in 15:37.
It was about 10 years ago when carpal-tunnel first hit me. Every time I put my hand on my mouse, I'd get spasms of pain in my various parts of my arm. I tried special ergonomic mice and trackballs, but they didn't help. I tried speech recognition software, but it was a joke. Whether I could continue with my profession was becoming an issue. I even tried moving the mouse with my feet. Nose mousing was next. Then I discovered the Wacom tablet. For a long time, it was a godsend. The pain almost went away -- but not forever. A couple years ago, the pain started returning. The Wacom bought me some time, but it was not a permanent solution -- at least not by itself. Somebody recommended I read Pain Free at Your PC by Pete Egoscue. I'm glad he did. This book has saved my career (even though I'm not exactly following its advice). Its main point is that carpal tunnel originates with the spine -- that is, a spine in poor posture. When standing straight, the spine is in an "S" curve. Think of the neck, shoulder blades, lumbar and tail bone. When standing up straight, they are shaped like an "S". The spine is a balanced spring with the skull balanced on top. Your arms are hanging straight down and your skeletal/joint/muscle system is at peace. When sitting with poor posture, however, the spine is in a "C" shape. The lumbar curve is gone or reduced. The spine is a cantilevered, stressed support for the head and arms. The spine, in turn, is supported by the small muscles of the back. But those muscles are meant to steer the spine and body, not support its weight. Now, what's the connection between the spine and wrist pain? Think of the song: "The head bone is connected to the neck bone..." In this case, the spine bone is connected to the shoulder bone, and the shoulder bone is connected to the arm bone. The bones and the muscles and the ligaments and tendons are connected. It's a system. When the spine is in a "C" shape, the body's structural support is out of whack. As Egoscue puts it (I can't quote directly, I lost the book), a poor posture will gradually make your bones and muscles disintegrate turning your body into a pain-wracked, arthritic, crumbled ruined husk of its former self. Of course, proper posture is the solution. But how do you make that happen? It's not easy, especially for slouch-meisters like me. Egoscu's solution: yoga. As I understand it, yoga will strengthen muscles that usually don't get enough exercise. His book has a number of yoga exercises that are specifically designed for carpal-tunnel suffers. He has exercises for light, medium and heavy PC users. His approach makes sense to me. Unfortunately, the story did not end there for me. I tried to do the exercises, but they hurt like hell. And they took a long time. And I don't have the discipline. I failed.
Also remember the weakness to alot of computers is the actual Web Browser itself as well. Every Browser (and System) has its weakness. Just Google "PWN2OWN" the Mac was hacked in under 10 seconds this year, and this was a fully patched system. Every System has its weaknesses. As long as you're web smart about the links and sites you visit, you'll be fine. Also if you have a good memory, use different passwords. I use about 20 different passwords (Yes, I'm that paranoid :D) and each one of them has a different category e.g. Personal, Work, Bank, Mail, WebServers, etc... the daft thing alot of people do is use the same password for everything, e.g. you might sign up to a website and use the same password you do as your PayPal and E-Mail accounts. BAD IDEA!!! 
Staying in a relationship when it is time to call it quits can lead to serious consequences for your health or well-being. Stress, tension and anxiety can take their toll and it simply isn't worth it. If you are suffering in a bad relationship and there's no sign of improvement, then it is best to end it and move on. It is better to be alone and happy then to stay with someone who makes you unhappy. You owe it to yourself to find true happiness with someone who loves, cares for, and respects you. 
That’s Bansko, a bit rough around the edges but friendly and accommodating at its center. And for those who want to stretch their wallet in luxury this is the place. Set in the southern Bulgarian mountains close to the border with Greece, Bankso has always been associated with cheap prices, but now it’s becoming known for world class skiing as well. A crash in real estate speculation in 2008 has helped keep the prices down, but the residents of this former communist state kept themselves busy upgrading the town and ski area with the latest equipment and amenities. The speculation years left their scars in the form of half built hotels and high rise condominiums, but the old section of town was preserved reasonably well. There is still a rare lived in feeling to the old-town which makes a charming contrast to ski area and new construction just across
 Hi everyone.  As you no doubt noticed, we pretty much shut down over the Christmas holidays.  I did this on purpose as I really wanted (needed) to focus on having an incredible Christmas and some complete down time.  In addition, I wanted to focus on launching my new book!  I'm pleased to say that I was successful on all fronts. 
I spent the next eight years reading everything I could about tribal people who lived in the deserts, mountains and jungles of the world. In 2005, after living in Argentina for five months, I was finally granted the opportunity to realise my dream by visiting a remote tribe in the Javari Basin of the Amazon Rainforest on the border between Peru in Brazil. After that I was hooked. In 2006 I visited nomads living in the remotest part of the Moroccan Atlas mountains. In 2007 I spent a month traveling independently in West Papua on the island of New Guinea then a week on Siberut, one of Indonesia's Mentawai Islands. My aim has been, wherever possible, to learn some lingua franca before I visit tribal groups so that I can visit them without a guide and can communicate directly with them myself. My style of travel on all of these trips could best be described as neither sight-seeing, backpacking or exploring but more just trying to understand different ways of thinking and viewing life and the world.
We need to stress good health at a young age.We need mandatory gym and phys ed through high school.We need children to bug there parents about not smoking in tight areas with them present,autos for one. We need insurance company's to allow for costs reflective of health.Less cost for healthier people.More help for those who need it because of things beyond there control.IE:Cancer,having never smoked,over weight because of a medical problem,again medical,not lazy.And stop free medical to illegals 
I’m in Kosovo now! What do I do? Don’t panic, go to your nearest cafe (they’re everywhere) and have one of the best inexpensive machiatos anywhere in the world. Feeling better? Good. Now, all you need to do is plan your exit from Kosovo by either flight or overland through another country (there are no flights direct from Pristina to Belgrade but you can fly from Skopje, Macedonia). If you want to get back into Serbia overland your best bet is to cross into Macedonia and then into Serbia by bus, or a nine hour train ride form Skopje.
 Whenever you go to the Our Cancer group, you'll always see most recent blog posts first. Just to the right of the latest blog post, you'll see two tabs; one for blogs and the other for discussions. If you want to see recent discussions, just click that tab and it will switch to the discussion. There's also a "view all" button for both blog entries and discussions so you can browse recent submissions from other community members. 
The rain eased off and a glowing purple and red sun began to set, apologising for all the stress and danger we had been through that day. The beach was empty, peaceful and calm. 
he best way to protect yourself from computer viruses and remote attackers is to dedicate a computer to doing it for you, kinda like a network gateway for your home network. If you're the type of person that always worries about viruses and sensitive information being stolen but don't know that much about computer networks, I'd recommend using untangle (http://www.untangle.com/home-content-fil. ), very easy to install and can quickly protect you home network in minutes, there's also parental filtering with predefined filters if you're worried about what sites your kids go on. In the package you get a Firewall, Virus Protection, Spyware Blocking, Phish Blocking, Spam Blocking, Protocol Control (Blocks protocols for online games, IM & P2P), Reports and Monitoring, all of this has automatic updating as well, plus its free :D. 
I was headed into an inferno, at least, that was what the news story on the Internet led me to believe. It was old news really, I remembered first hearing about the fires burning across the Peloponnesian Peninsula when I was in Rhodes a few weeks before. I had never even considered changing my plans due to the fires, though. After all, I had lived for many years in California where forest fires were commonplace and I was only going to get one chance of ‘seeing’ six of the Seven Wonders of the World before it was time to go home. 
 During our meetings, it became clear to me how entirely personal each volunteer’s experience in country can be. We read one submission on the issue of ‘hello.’ This word, one of the most common on the planet, is routinely shouted at volunteers country wide. The article itself was written by a guy in a village who described the practice as overwhelming, often shouted by grown men being intentionally obnoxious. 
No this is not True. But what is, is we have a stronger will power. Women have a Tendance to cheat on their diets. I went on a slim fast diet and lost 50lb in 30 days, so it dose work and I kept it off for more then 6 years. And so can everyone. 
Difficult question... first, no macs aren't the answer and im not a mac hater im actually using one right now. You need to understand no computer that's connected to the internet can EVER be completely safe from viruses, Trojans and worms but precautions like virus scanners or internet security suites help. I recommend Mcafee and Norton because there updated quicker and because they have extra precautions others don't have. You can actually get mcafee for free sign in or sign up for aol and go to downloads section they offer an aol enhanced version under the security tab. 
The crew disembarked us - hippies, German girls and big bags soaked on a remote rocky pier. Eventually a few motorcycles arrived and propelled us through the rainy jungle, dropping us off on the beach at the other end of the only road on the island. 
Visit Serbia first. Fly into Belgrade, explore the country and then move on to Kosovo where you can obtain an entry visa at the Kosovo border checkpoint. Just remember you won’t be able to return to Serbia the same way if you get a Kosovo entry stamp, so plan your flights carefully (e.g. fly into Belgrade and out from Pristina). Or you can ask the Kosovar boarder control not to stamp your passport…not technically legal but it works for a lot of people (including me just last week). 
I handed my passport to the Serbian police officer. He scowled, not from the encroaching cold, but because I was American and had Kosovo visa stamps. Thankfully, I also had a Serbian entry stamp so there was nothing he could do but waive me through. A few kilometers down a windy country road I reached the Kosovar border checkpoint.
 During discussion of the article, however, it turned out each person in the room had experienced this phenomenon differently. My experience, in the city, was one of children, who seem to be just trying to see if the word they learned in school actually works, and then, lost in their excitement, repeat it ad infinitum. Young women described it coming from teenage boys only once they’d past them, as a weird sexual cut, and the grey haired women amongst us (age being highly respected here) described largely no problems at all. 
 With Our Cancer, any of you can begin your own discussion or share your own story. For example, if you wanted to start a conversation about who's thinking of getting involved in a particular clinical trial, you could go to Our Cancer's discussion board, click the "start a discussion" button and begin a conversation about it. For example, Liz L. has already started a discussion about chemo fog. Or if you wanted to share a story of your experience at your first chemo session, you could create your own blog post by clicking the "add a post" button - and maybe even write other blog posts as you complete your treatment. That's why it's called Our Cancer -- it's a place where all of us can share our experiences in Cancer World in a collaborative way.  
Having lived in Australia for five years, I am in favor of some form of universal health care system. I am one of the many un-insured with in this country and without having VA benefits, I would be forced to go without health care or face great debt. Being unemployed and disabled makes it even more difficult. 
 The pain and the side effects will be there like uninvited guests.  They're hard to ignore, but I will do my best to do just that. So let's just remember all of our friends and loved ones who have had to deal with this dreadful disease, especially the ones we have lost, and enjoy all of the life and happiness that this special time brings. We must always remember that we are making memories that will help to carry us through the rough times to come. 
Normally when you cross borders you only have to worry about a valid passport (don’t forget it needs to be good for at least 6 months), and your visa. With Kosovo and Serbia things get a bit more complicated. There is an ambiguous international legal rational for Kosovo; a battle in the Security Council between the US, Russia and China over sovereignty and self-determination; a unilateral declaration of Independence by the Kosovar Government (supported by 65 countries in the world, but not the UN); and the blanket denial of that independence by Serbia, which maintains parallel government functions in parts of Kosovo. By now you may be wondering if there is a border or not…there is…depending on who you ask.
 I was down in the balmy lowlands for what we call “Culture Committee.” Between myself and a crack-squad of likeminded volunteers, we crafted a book of volunteer stories related to cultural issues and an entire curriculum to be presented to the new batch of volunteers during their training, set to begin in April. We sought to provide a palatable presentation of everything from cultural basics like removing shoes upon entering a house, to more complex, highly emotional issues, like bride kidnapping. 
Finally we broke through to the calmer side of the island, The rain was lighter here, waves calmer, we could see the coast of Thailand in the distance and everyone seemed to breath easier now we were sheltered on this side of the island. 
This was high season and spoilt and busy? We were soaked and there was no place to stay, yet after the noisy crowds of the other islands, this was a chance to exhale. 
Just over a week ago, reports surfaced that a Toyota Prius driver in San Diego was driving along a highway when his car became unresponsive. Police were called and helped stop the vehicle. In a press conference today, however, Toyota officials said they found significant inconsistencies in the driver's story. Toyota had engineers on hand to answer technical questions of reporters, who were also given test drives. "To say this situation was sensationalized would be an enormous understatement," Mike Michels, a Toyota spokesman, said.The driver in question, James Sikes, called 911 to report his Prius was out of control and that the accelerator pedal didn't respond. A cop caught up with Sikes as he drove up to 90 miles an hour. Toyota officials inspected the car as well as did the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. However, a report over the weekend indicated they didn't find anything wrong either.Despite the discrepancies in the drivers story, Toyota disclosed one potential issue: indication that he car's brakes were severely damaged from overheating, which would confirm Sikes' story. Also, according to the USA TODAY, there was an indication in one system that the brakes and accelerator had been pushed alternately, as if he were having trouble. But other than that, Michels said the Toyota probe of the Prius has found: 
Men have more muscle mass, which burns fat therefore their metabolism is more active allowing them to burn off calories easier. Also, Men are socialized to want different foods than women like meats and starches, its not masculine for a man to crave a box of chocolates 
I have grown to appreciate the shopping options in Singapore after living in some meager environments. However, skip the boring sameness of Orchard Street, where all you will find is high end shops carrying the same Louis Vuitton bags you can find back home. For something funkier hit the youth energized Bugis Street. Packed with hip handmade clothing stalls and accessories, this is where you can find bargains and maintain a bit of personal identity and style. Practice your negotiation skills, or just soak in the teaming market atmosphere as stall owners struggle to be noticed and shoppers hunt for the perfect Friday night outfit.
 (Day 701 on the road) After resting my tired bones from the nine-day hike I had just completed, it was finally time to pick up Suzanne from the airport in Queenstown. Suzanne and I have been very good friends ever since we met at university in Hong Kong many years ago, and it was great to see her again (we had last met up in Singapore some 12 months ago). She will be travelling with me here in New Zealand for the next two weeks, and we both have been looking forward to this for a while now. 
 Unfortunately, as all cancer patients know, you can never completely get away from your body's assault on itself.  Leading up to the book launch, my PSA started climbing quickly, evidence the cancer was actively spreading.  The day after the launch, I had another test and found it had jumped way past what it was when I was first diagnosed and we have been unable to pinpoint where it is growing, which is cause for much anxiety.  In the meantime, the pain in my back is increasing.  I tried another type of hormone in a bid to slow things down, but the side effects drove me off that after only a week.  
I think any universal health care plan would have to come with a income based scheme or means testing. If you can afford to pay for health care you should pay, however you would be able to recieve a percentage back through a medicare rebate scheme. 
As Karen and Jay mentioned, all signs point to Speaker Pelosi using the "self-executing rule" to deem the Senate health care bill passed without a full vote on anything but the reconciliation package of fixes. House Dems really don't want to have an "aye" for the Senate bill's warts on their record (the "Cornhusker Kickback" ads practically write themselves.) But I would make two points: Voters aren't aware/won't remember/don't care about parliamentary process; it will be passage or not, "yes" or "no" at issue in November. And political attack ads are neither nuanced nor given to dogged devotion to the truth. Saying, "I didn't vote to pass it, I agreed to deem it passed" is hardly a line that will stick with voters, and it invites charges of Kerryesque flipfloppery. If there's any risk in "deem and pass" (Ezra Klein thinks there is,) the fact that Democrats are pursuing it is a strong indication the Republican spook campaign succeeded. Nate Silver identifies ten House Democrats who could plausibly face primary challenges from their left if they vote "no." Interestingly, six of the ten are from New York (late filing deadline,) where the labor-powered Working Families Party has threatened to withhold support.
My time in Oman also made me aware of how quickly globalisation is making the world smaller, less varied and less wild. By age 13, villages I had visited aged 11 had telegraph poles running to them, one quaint fishing community had sprouted a giant stone harbour and the dirt track that had served as the main coast road had a new tarmac highway under construction next to it. They were all changes for the better but they gave me the idea that in my lifetime there would be no more opportunities to explore or meet people who lived in a radically different way from me. 
This must have been serious storm as the deep-sea fishing boats were turning and heading for shore, their grey and hardy hulls taking cover for the night. 
 When a partner isn't fully in the moment of trying to fix a relationship, the work becomes a one-sided affair. You need to be able to fully be there for your partner when you need to work through tough times. This might mean that you need to take a few days off work or devote certain times to discussing ways to fix your relationship. These times should be uninterrupted by work obligations or time commitments so that neither person feels rushed or distracted. 
 Our Cancer is open to everyone, so right now you can go to the site and poke around. If you'd like to participate, though, you'll have to be a registered member of NPR.org. For those of you who have been posting comments on Laurie's blog entries over the last few months, you're good to go; just visit Our Cancer and click the big blue Join This Group button. If you're logged into the site already, you'll join it immediately; if not, it'll ask you for you to log in first. 
Yea its all about the muscle guys have alot bigger muscle index than chicks and are naturally more bigger or taller than chicks. They take a higher calorie intake which means sometimes girls might eat the same as a guy but when you look at it the girl will eat more calories than they should and the guy will be at the calorie level he needs because guys have higher calorie intakes than girls. well thats how I see it ;) But yeah muscle helps burn calories faster making you lose weight and gain lean mass. 
 If the answers to these questions are mostly negative then it could be a sign that your relationship is on the rocks. It's certainly not healthy for a relationship to consist of frequent arguments, violence or demeaning behaviour. If you are experiencing any emotional, verbal or physical abuse, then it's definitely time to call it quits. 
This is quite remarkable. I may be wrong--and commenters are welcome to correct me--but I can't remember another ethnic or religious lobbying group publicly siding with a foreign country against the President of the United States...especially when the country in question is engaging in behavior that the international community believes is illegal. Once again, every U.S. President since Richard Nixon has called for a freeze of settlements being built in Palestinian areas, including East Jerusalem, conquered by Israel in 1967. AIPAC stands, with Israel, against every one of those Presidents. 
But this is different: Israel is clearly in the wrong and, according to the Petraeus briefing, it is hurting American foreign policy in the region. In fact, Israel is doubly wrong: its non-stop lobbying for war with Iran is also exceedingly dangerous (the US Joint Chiefs of Staff have unanimously counseled against war with Iran). The fact that David Petraeus, a hero to many on the right, is concerned about Israel's intransigence should give AIPAC and the neocons pause. It won't, but it should. 
 Christmas itself was wonderful.  It can be a very difficult time for someone with cancer as the disease becomes a giant elephant in the room and can often make it difficult to really enjoy the spirit of the holidays.  When I was first diagnosed seven years ago, I didn't even want to have Christmas as I didn't think we had anything to celebrate.  But this year, we surrounded ourselves with family ( including friends we now consider as family) and had a wonderful time.  Having my nephew's two-year old son Levi here provided that wide-eyed child component and my eighty-nine year old mother provided a link to a lifetime off Christmas memories.  It was the best Christmas I've had for many years and was very important to me as I worry more and more about what the future brings.  
 There are two ways you and your spouse can separate: either with an informal separation or by a formal legal separation. An informal separation is basically whatever the two of you agree it to be. Typically, one of you stays in the home you had previously shared, and the other moves into some other quarters. At this stage you normally wouldn't make any formal property division, but you would agree, informally, on some kind of working arrangement about possession of things like cars, the bank accounts, the credit cards, and the stereo.
Mr. Ho and his business partner. If you see them at the train station you can trust them. Maybe. But what a great story if everything went horribly, horrible wrong. The perks of being a travel writer. To my disappointment nothing happened except arriving safely at the zoo, ticket in hand. Mr. Ho and his young business partner are an unlikely pairing. He is tall, has salt and pepper hair and looks like he could be her father. They run the service 3 times a day, once in the afternoon and twice between 5:30 pm and 8:30 pm (one way only), and earn their money from buying tickets in bulk. It only takes 20 minutes and is faster than the public bus service. Give them a try if you are lucky enough to emerge from Ang Mo Kio station and they are parked outside.
 Thanks again to everyone who's given us feedback on this project. And above all special thanks to both Leroy and Laurie - Leroy for encouraging us to continue the community and Laurie for helping us make it happen. This community wouldn't be here if it weren't for them. 
"I am slowly trying to get back to writing regularly and am hoping, in the next few days to take time off and at least write small pieces. Over the last few months, I had some big, hairy audacious ideas for blogs but never could translate them into an actual post. Clearly because I was lazy to sit in one place for long enough to complete them. But I also believe it has to do with the medium - A blog, personally, gives you just one shot at getting it right. I have never re-written any of my blog posts or re-read old ones in an effort to make them better. Once they are written (after minor changes and re-writes, immediately afterwards), they are set in stone.
"
I never fail to pull her leg at any given circumstance.. I jus luv doin so, 1a ma fav passtimes But puttin tut aside, v always join hands wen it cums to teasin others... Some of our fav targets are supa (Upas of our cls), raam's ( My fav staff ) n Sats (Jaya's fav staff).. Gosh, wat fun v ve every minute of the coll hr!! She's a power house.. But even this power fails once our former HOD's cls starts N guess who saves her wen she falls asleep.. Me o course wid the most transparent lie tut she aint in gud health.. Imagine!! Jaya n unwel..lol Hey guyz.. Jaya's on diet..sheesh machan, ve a heart.. poi solluradhukkum oru alavu irukku.. Every consumable thin isthe most delicious fud in her sight includin bitter gourd..N i've wanted to ask u this.." How do u find curd rice so yummy every single day??### (Cont)
"hi di,
Charanya Rajagopalan............................my best cousin........................
she is a samma lazy but sumtimes over-hyper...........(i know it sounds contrary but dats her nature)......
samma caring and selfless!!!!!!!
just LOVES MOKKAI to the core....................lol!!!!!!!!!
gives treats liberally and likes eating outside.......................
she also knows to eamathafy a lot (hope u know wat i meant!!!!!!!!!!)...........
thats it for now..........................will rite may more....................!!!!!!!!!
ROCK ON DI!!!!!!!!!!
-ANISH!!!!!!!!!!! "
what can i say abt this guy..well.. 1st things 1st- ' he's crazy'... he also keeps smiling.. an amazing gift that is..i would say.. sometimes damn excited and always puts lots of mokkai.. but u would still smile.. sometimes down to earth.. he's damn good at accounting.. the best is- can play an amazing range of games.. if he puts his mind to somethin, then consider it done.. he's got determination man.. what he need is ambition.. still none can change the fact that he remains one of the most eccentric,foolish, funny ,intelligent characters i've ever seen.. you got a fan here dude.
here im typing the testimonial for my sweet and lovely friend........what to say.... he looks like sharuk..... so why we call him as khan.... he is very nice to speak...... me and my friends really wondered abt his gym body...... and his six packs is chanceless....... he is a very jovial at the mean time he is a short temper person..... his knowledge on various fields is simply superb...... the testimonial what i have written is just to make the persons to laugh who knows nithin ....... pothumada ila innoru testimonial eluthanumna sollu
Achudhanandan.s,really took a long time to recollect ur name da hehe ;'CAT' OR 'Achu' as we call is a very hardworking,studious kinda person..classmates from lkg and from dat time dont find any difference in him..very childish,semma decent,semma formal,vvvvvvvvv nice person..v caring to frnds and he thinks to do gud to others...kanjamnu galaichaalum(dont want to give examples n insult him in public ) pakka gentleman cat is(will walk d momment u say out)..and coming to d most important thing he is not a human but a nocturnal owl like me who stays awake d entire night like me...most of our conversations wud b at 1 AM in d mrng during our skool days(nly we both will b awake in dat time na??)..improved in playing fb dese days(look at d state of me n kd da thadavarom hehe game pochu da enaku)...always feel dat he is v soft spoken(cat u might think like look at who is speaking hehe iniku nealamai abdi cat c hw ive improved)..has a gr8 character in him..we(me u kd beam)will always b d best of al frnds da
Arvind from Bangalore says, Brian Lara has called for the establishment of a centralised academy for the various cricket-playing islands in the Caribbean to groom young talent. Lara said West Indies relied too much on the natural ability of players. Have West Indies always had poor infrastructure? If so, how did they manage to dominate world cricket in the 1970s and 80s?
"ananth alias karthik alias subbu ............. lots of names ....still dont know which ones his ...lol

hes the perfect example of amartya sens "" ARGUMENTATIVE INDIAN "" .......... its fun when we have debates ........with the loudest succeeding .........on various topics both current and relevant ........ for egs between the better actor between kamal and rajni ......... so you know where i am getting to regarding its importance .........

hes a social drinker and loves to dance ......... and because of the confidentiality agreement signed and its various clauses .....i shall not elaborate .......

overall a very nice person to be with and fun loving................. but only for his liking for AFRIDI ....... god kindly lead light...........

have fun ..........."
"
Do not be so dejected.This is the layer which has been created by him,ie,Mr Gadkari.This team will be given responsibility to deliver

Those who fail may even be replaced in the days to come.

A pessimist is one who ses the darkness in the light.An optimist is one who sees the light in the darkness

So be optimistic about the outcome

People choose whom they wish to choose, and not the names.The performance makes the people to choose the party.Names that matters-then does not matters.See How Mr mani Shankar Iyer has lost the election this time, and how after losing the battle in the first count,Mr Chidambaram won the battle after recounting

Do not be so broken.These are the early days.More wopuld follow
"
vignesh, wat a guy he is!!! one of the most energetic, enthusiastic n knowledgeable ppl i have met; has a smiling face which adds to his charming nature..u can bring out any topic to discuss with him and he can sustain the conversation .he is a gr8 dancer n an upcoming rapper i am sure he will give MJ n eminem a run for their money.ssn is soo lucky to have tis versatile genius ;i am sure i enjoy ur company. do well matie..... 
"What a game! It was one of the best Final's I have seen in a while and India played brilliantly to clinch the First Twenty Twenty World Cup defeating Pakistan. So the record of not losing to Pak in any WC still holds.

Watched every ball of this match with nail biting excitement. India has this knack of putting themselves in difficult situations when it should have been an easy wrap up. During Pak batting the game was mostly in India's favor except for the last 20 balls when Bajji and Sreeshanth were hit for 5 sixes. When will India learn to bowl well in the last overs? But they held their nerve and pulled it off.

Hats off to Dhoni and the young Indian team!!! They really were winners!!!"
"For more than a year , I have been listening to her polambals during tea breaks .I must agree that it has been pretty entertaining . I have been subjected to similar tortures , that includes having to eat what she cooked ....and still , when I want to share something important , she is one of the first person who comes to my mind .
Bhu ..u rock :)."
archana!!! to me a very good and silent girl!!! didnt know much of her even though we were in the same bus.. she always has a look as though she has just woken up from sleep lol!! has a nice set of friends.. just chatting with them makes me feel as though i have entered their gang..maybe she talks a lot only with her close friends.. on the whole good, silent, sleepy girl
"In real life, Alice struggles with the burdens of impending adulthood, seemingly unable to fit in with the standards of society. Moments after being proposed to, Alice falls back through the rabbit hole. 

It is prophesied that, in order to defeat the Red Queen, Alice will side with the White Queen (Anne Hathaway) and kill the Jabberwocky (voiced by Christopher Lee).

However, there is doubt over whether Alice is the ""real"" Alice. The White Rabbit doesn't believe she is, while the Mad Hatter (Johnny Depp) wholeheartedly believes Alice is indeed the ""real"" Alice. 
"
"Super Star Rajni next movie ""Enthiran"" with ace director Shankar and his dream crew has begun shooting recently......So i thought let me put my insights about the movie and do Strength Weakness Opportunity Threat(SWOT)  analysis about the movie....I dont want the readers feel that i will be biased in doing this analysis as i have a penchant for Rajni....i assure that it will be done in a neutral manner...

STRENGTH:
The greatest strength of the movie is Rajni-Shankar-Rahman combination,this combination has been a great success in ""SIVAJI"" and they proved their mettle in that blokbluster.Technical crew for ""enthiran"" is one of the strong points for the movie.....Ratnavelu for cinematography,anthony for editing,Yuen Woo Ping who handled stunt for many Hollywood movies like Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, Matrix and Kill Bill has been roped in for ""Endhiran"".

WEAKNESS:
Writer Sujatha's demise is one of the weakness for the movie.....He has been instrumental in Shankar's success since ""boys""...It is also believed that story of enthiran was written by him...One of the weakness of ""sivaji"" was it lacked a coherent story,the same can be repeated in Enthiran....Aishwarya rai  roles in recent movies except ""guru"" were very lackadaisical....Hope shankar provides a meaty role which has a scope for acting....."
"Here i am back with another review. I always keep thinking about having a plastic surgery. always wanted to tune my nose. I wanted to get a great nose. I am not just bubbling around and just saying i just want it with any reason. It doesn't meant that i do not like my original nose. I just wanna tune it to make it better than before. But, finding a great plastic surgeon is another hectic job .I do not want it to be a hard job. It should be simple for me to handle it but nowadays it is becoming more difficult than before.

A high fee too makes this process more difficult. But lucky for me, i have this website.They have many kinds of plastic surgery and they review their prices too. So it is easy for anyone to make a choice before going to any plastic surgery. For those women out there who want to enlarge their breast size, you can go to this website and make your dream come true. This website is all about Plastic Surgery. You can check out this site if you would want some information related to plastic surgery .You can check the location of the Plastic surgery clinic and make your way there as soon as possible.

I assure you that the quality of their service is great. If you want to have a Beverly Hills breast augmentation, you should visit this link. You can see there are many types of surgery that you can do .You will be impressed by their service. You can also get tummy tuck in Beverly hills .You can remove excess skin and fat from the middle and lower abdomen to tighten the muscle of the abdominal wall. You will look more beautiful than before and you will feel more confident."
This is my first testi and its nice to start off with sv,my best pal...very studious,cool guy...he is my friend for the past three years...and its bin fun and friendship all the way.sv,as he s called by most is one whom everyone considers to be charming (though i still wonder y?)...its not possible to describe in a few words how caring this closest pal of mine is.he s EXTREMELY hard workin wen it comes to studies .he s crazy abt maths straight forward in wat ever e speaks or does.thank God for this gift of sv...u rock.
"Mahesh is a very nice guy and he is very sincere not only to his work but to everyone.He will do anything for u if ur his frnd. He is a gem of a person i m very happy to hv him as ma frnd. He gives u confidence and never lets u down.
He is very sensitive so be careful while talking to him because i dont want anyone to hurt him as he thinks abt others.""Mahesh fell pannadha da"" thats wat we say usually to him.
I tell u whoever is his frnd u r very very lucky."
well here is one true person who i seriously i have to say mokkaied to hell!! I have constantly mokkaied her for months in row, but i dont know how she has the heart but she will one fine day tell me "dai naye ethavuthu mokka poduda" hehe.. man this girl is the height of ego but once u break into that she will become a gem of a friend.. I dont think there is even a small reason for which we have not fought and bang bang bang ego clashes and everything but still the fact remains we are two of the best friends..she also is one person who has shown me distance does not matter in carrying friendships only ur heart doesnu.. she is very hot headed so dont ever mess with her when she not in mood if u dont want to get blasted to moon.. one person who always says what she did and does is the right thing.. but all given and taken.. anoo u ROCK dog!! i will never have the worry of not being born with a blood sister, U R THERE sis. have a great life!!
Testimonials sometimes written out of compulsion or for Quid pro quo,but this is not the one.I met this gal thru orkut only and finally came 2 know she's ma junior.Just a junior for name sake and but she doesn't repects her seniors,especially me.may be tht's her uniqueness.many say she dances beautifully,but verily i dont think she does dance like tht hehehehe(lols!!!),may be i will change these comments,after seein her dance.A gr8 amigo to be with and makes many frnzz easily.important one an expert in fryin groundnuts,so boyz in orkut beware!!!!hope ur friendship continues evn after this testi.
"the one notarious fun lovin guy in coll u just cant get enough of n thats our dear pari,he enjoy's life to the max goofin around everywhere and spreading joy around with his vibrant smile nothing less could be asked of this lad
the one notarious fun lovin guy in coll u just cant get enough of n thats our dear pari,he enjoy's life to the max goofin around everywhere and spreading joy around with his vibrant smile nothing less could be asked of this lad
"
so me came finally!!!! ere i am to write testi bout this RA RA of our col... so wer to start???? ok let me start my script.. She is a great dancer.. always dances in the class.. big eyes!! and accordin to SVCE she is the topper of our class.. ever enthusiastic person.. keeps kalaichifyin everyone.. its fun to be with her.. first bencher of our class...wat else??? very studious.. no one can beat her involvement in mass transfer class.. i sit behind her and she turns out to be the one who gets disturbed by me the max.. we were the ones who fight a lot durin the early days of our col but now i kno we have come a long way as good frens.. Sathish sir turns out to be her favourite play spot.. she does al mix and match with her dresses.. she has won lots of awards in roastin nuts... geth girl of our class... i think i av given a sketch bout this girl!!!! al the best dear.. ave a colourful future and dont forget me yaar
I took some heat in e-mail and here on our comments section for my recent piece about what I saw as fanboy whining over the Captain America casting process, and I want to clarify something... I don't think fandom is a bad thing.  I think it is the thermometer by which we measure the passion for various properties or characters, and that's a great thing.  I also think fandom, when focused, can be an incredibly valuable force in the process, and this is one of those times.  I think it becomes "whining" when you're second-guessing something you can't accurately judge because you haven't see the materials, when you don't know how an audition went, or when you simply leap to a conclusion from an emotional place.  In the case of Norton's Banner, you already have some sense of what he brings to the role.  The real question now is, "Do you consider him a piece of the puzzle, and do you want him back?"  If the answer is yes, then I think it's time to clearly communicate that to Marvel.  
"Chelsea V Liverpool - live on ESPN at 21:25 IST on sunday
It will be for the 17th time that these 2 sides will be meeting since Rafael Benitez became the Liverpool manager and since then they have won only 5 times n Chelsea have won 8 times. Liverpool currently struggling for good results will be without their star striker Fernando Torres, who is suffering from a hamstring injury but is expected to return for the Champions League clash against Inter in 10 days time. Also missing will be Voronin, Arbeloa, Aurelio and Agger. Xabi Alonso is suspended. Babel too might miss due to a knock he picked up during the midweek while on international duty. Chelsea will be without Terry and Shevchenko while Lampard and Mikel could be playing. I hate to say this but Chelsea may win comfortably unless Liverpool put up a spirited performance to at least manage a draw.
Prediction - Chelsea 1 - 0 Liverpool 

Manchester United v Manchester City - live on ESPN at 18:55 IST on sunday
One of the biggest derby games in England is the Manchester derby. Manu have lost thrice this season and all of those came when Rooney did not play. Rooney will miss this game due to suspension. Also missing from United squad will be Evra, Neville and Saha. Duo of Corluka and Elano are suspended for City and Richards is also likely to be rested after knee complaint. Zimbabwe forward Benjani will be making his City debut. City have not won at Old Trafford since 1974 and this year too wont be different. Having lost 3 - 1 to Arsenal at home, City have almost no chance of winning at Old Trafford.
Prediction- Manchester United 3 - 0 Manchester City"
VK Murthy, the ace cinematographer has been awarded the Dada Sahib Phalke Award this year. The highest honor reserved for the film fraternity by the establishment. Generally and till now, mostly it has been given to decorate better known stars and directors, never a technician. This has been a departure and therefore I am all praise for the award being bestowed on VK Murthy, a generous kind and humble human, one with whom I had the great pleasure of working in two films - Nastik and Ram Balram. But I do not consider myself worthy of his genius. His most important works I believe were in films made by another genius, Guru Dutt.
"New Zealand batsman Brendon McCullum is keen to put the lessons learned from a difficult 2009 IPL into practice during this year's tournament.

McCullum is in the middle of a home series against Australia. New Zealand lost the Chapell-Hadlee series 3-2 and the teams will meet in Wellington on Friday for the first of two Test matches. With the 2010 IPL successfully underway amongst security fears, McCullum is still waiting on clearance before confirming his involvement but was eager to participate in the competition because of its massive impact on the cricketing world.

"
"steffi:
1.when u r sad-i will help u get drunk and plot revenge against the sorry bastard who made u sad.
2.when u r blue-i will dislodge watevar is chokin u.
3.when u smile-i will know u finally got laid.
4.when u get scared-i will rag on u abt it every chance i get.
5.when u r woried-i will tell u horrible stories abt how much worse it cud b.
6.when u r confused-i will use little words.
7.when u r sick-stay the hell away from u till u r well again,i dont want watever u have.
8.when u fall-i will point and laugh at your clumsy ass.


thank GOD u hav a friend like me...!!! "
"hummm vivek wht to say ??? i have never seen such a person in my life .very shrewd and intelligent person.He always views things from a different perspective.
None can think like him...Just for this reason alone, I can be your fan ..i know him for more thn 2 yrs Ever since I have known him, he has never asked me anything and has never expected anything from anyone upto i know [ eppadi unga nala mattum gi ]but a person with great helping-tendency ..
U wil know abt him fully if u move close to him..i lik his attitude towards all ....
Tnks orkut to get a brother lik dis
keep in touch always even when u go to German just kidding anna
Hum Thn all d best for ur future .
my wishes r always with u ."
"When God made Steffi... he gave her, probably the best SMILE!!! Smiling Beauty! Haven’t met her still! Waiting for that day! Met her first exactly 365 days back in this same place~~ Thanx to Orkut! She started off by asking me not to snoop around her profile but now we ended up being the bestest of friends!
Loyalty, childishness, bubliness and sense of humour are her trademark!
They say Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you always know they are there. She is just like that!
She values and treasures her friend much more than her life! And not to forget her craze for Suriya! An ardent fan, she is! All the time going gaga over suriya!
She loves her sister to the core and her CASPER! Just the kid, as she is, still at heart!
You would know the value of true friendship when you are with her. Great to have a friend like YOU dear! Here is to the 100 more years of friendship and fun! Cheers! God Bless you!

Courtesy : Steffi"
That was a very interesting and nice write-up. I could relate to most of the incidents/things mentioned but I have come to the conclusion " You cannot please everyone and you also dont have to please everyone". People will be there to advice,complain or comment whether you do things right or wrong....If someone very close to you offers advice/suggestion, it is worth pondering as they (this person ha ha)might see things differently....For the rest, just listen and move on!!
"Our country celebrated it's 62nd independence day today.The main essence of celebrating the independence day is to remember our heroes who fought for our country to gain independence from the hands of British.But is it the real case happening in our country.It's really a question to ponder. when we start from school life,the students are asked to come to the school and some chief guest will come and hoist the flag and students will clap.Then the chief guest will be rendering some useless speech and students should clap for it and they will be given a chocolate and return home so that they can spend the other part of the day happily watching TV shows and movies telecasting in it.
When you take the TV channels instead of putting shows on how India got freedom or at least a film taken on patriotism they will be telecasting a film of masala genre.So the children don't know anything about the national heroes.So the Gen Next would also be knowing anything of the national heroes and slowly the main essence of independence day is being forgotten.And it will be considered most of holiday than a day of remembering our heroes.
The worst of all this someone given to pinup the flag in his shirt and he is doing it outside.Even the political leaders exchange wishes only and instead of remembering their heroes they will be thinking of how to impress the people with the help of this day by giving some useless speeches. Worst of all this is Vodafone which charges for sms on special occasions stopped charging on this day and that tells the significance of the day."
"Most tools will let you convert a partition from one file type to another, i.e. from NTFS to FAT/FAT32 or vice versa. Needless to say that in most cases, such a conversion, especially from NTFS to FAT/FAT32 will cause the files to lose their NTFS permissions (ACLs), and in some cases where EFS was used to encrypt the files, it will actually cause you to lose access to these files. So beware!

Some of these tools may be able to help you recover deleted partitions, and if data on that disk was un-damaged, actually help you gain access to that data. Some, but not all of the tools may have the ability to move existing partitions from one location on the disk to another location, again, without losing data."
To tell about sundar.. i m a grt fan of him,,his nakkals,,, and his comments when i give him a warning for his nakkal.. a lovely guy ,affectionate person,,comical person and above all a gud and favourite frnd of mine in v.m.j
our class rep. is the top padips of my class....she is pretty diplomatic in the way she moves with outside ppl... and is really a gud friend to move with...and is one among those who keeps commitment higher than anything else in life!....and ofcourse is also the famous vasool rani of the class... anybody aspiring to become one...do contact her!!!!! 
"Never bunked like he used to, cared a lot abt attendance.
After telling so much abt hari, if i don't mention abt his walk & smile-its a cardinal sin:-))
There r many fans for d way he smiles & walks. Many try 2 imitate him rather with no success. 
An ardent fan of Vijay. However worse d movie is, watches it 1st day 1st show (ena koduma sir ithu?)
Then he is a flutist & knows karate (ithelema avane sonathu, none has seen him in action)
keeps singing one song r d othr during class hours (mayb tats d reason many lecturers leave d class asap:-p)
joined a gym recently & improved his strength immensly (tat was 2 kick guys like me, i guess-was lucky nt 2 get kicked thouhgh) wears tight shirts & t shirts (u know y)
Anyway this just a glimpse of what Hari is! L try covering him, maybe later sometime
It was wonderful knowing u man:)"
A Gemini and a twin, hence the site's name, twin-gemini. An interesting thing is, the Zodiac sign Gemini, itself is the sign of twins. {Born in Madras, India.} {Schooling at Hindu Sr. Secondary School, Triplicane, Madras and then at Adyar, Madras.} {Sri Venkateswara Engg. College, Madras.} {IIT, Chicago.} {Speaks Tamil, Hindi, English.} {Likes listening to Music, playing the Xbox, Web Surfing and anything to do with technology. Writes embedded code.} {Starting to read about Astrology.}
I am afraid I dont agree with you! with your suggestions it will become congress 2! why do we want another congress pretender? Office holders and tickets should be only given to people who succeed on an internal competition irrespective of caste or religion what you have proposed is internal reservations to christians musllims OBC's and dalits! a shadow cabinet is a good idea! The important change we need is NO wishywashy principles they should nail their colours to the mast and campaign for uniform civil code, abolition of sec 370, abolition of caste politics, abolition of minority appeasement abolition of reservations and sops, and treat ALL indians equal!
A real sport..but beware..she will give back as much as what she takes...she has this intimidating aura about her..in TV rating terms..she is strictly not for the weak hearted..but once you get to know her from close quarters,she is so down to earth..she is well conversant with high quality English as well as petta baashai..I have never seen her turn sentimental.. even if someone tries to ..she just laughs it off..of late she has become one of my most trusted friend, philosopher,guide,confidant all rolled into one..( I bet she will giggle even for this)...she is someone whom I instinctively message or call when I am feeling low..she can really life your spirits up in no time.. has a good dressing sense..presents herself aptly..she is BOLD,BEAUTIFUL,CONFIDENT,TOUGH and different from most people that I have met.. she is an enigma.. hate her or love her.. you just can't ignore her..all the best KAVYA RAJAPPA.. and KEEP FIGHTING!:)
 Nanda ...One of my long surviving friends from the first sem. The first glimpse that i got of this guy was from the second row of good o'l 'F' section running toward to be elected the class rep amidst all the cheering of "CAPTAIN"....from that this guy has become one of the closest and trusted frnds.. One of the best organizers ive seen,u should have been in a B school macha :) briliant in convincing and consoling others :) gets his temper up in the flick of a switch but calms downs even quicker, ambious and dreamy quite shown as in his popular name Dr Nanda gopal IAS :)Had lots of fun in college countless no of memories which is hard to forget, group night stays at your place and the five star drive in restaurants at ur area all of it . it was great....... has helped me in countless occations and occasionally teaming up with me for kalaichifying latchu... wat fun it was....thank you for contributing to all those wonderfull memories :) wishing u all sucess in life and more :) U really rock macha :)
Well..... i know this buddy for more than an year now, and i guess its time 4 me 2 tell u ppl abt this sweet female..... All tat i see in this Soul is a great attitude towards ppl tat is worth mentioning.... I guess she must b maintaining a dairy 4 remembering her nickNames, for she has got tooooo many, all around her circle.... the best 1 being RT (RAAK-SHA-SHE).... sorry buddy, i could not keep my lips tight.. :) This nickName(RT) seems 2 b an irony when seen with her approach towards me.... I can gaurentee u Guyzzz tat u will have great time talking 2 this female... A must b mentioned point bt this buddy is her crazeeeee in English moviesssss... i beleive tat she has got a very good taste in itttt as well..... Finallyyyyyyyyyy if u wana a female who is freeky in her approach and who is homely by her charecter, i recommend u alllllllll this "RT"(word stressed)............. THANKS 4 BEING MY MATE RT :) :) :)
Hi Shermi...its awesome 2 write abt u in this testimonial...when i talk 2u i feel ur a very special frnd of mine even though we didnt had much time 2gether...And 2 tell abt shermi is very cute and mild in her words,shez wonderful at heart,Shermi thankq for being a very very goooood fnrd of mine....... 
Had been on a cabin trip weekend of Sep 20th. The cabin was about 2 ½ hours drive from Seattle. What started out as a 10 person trip eventually came down to 4. You know how these things go. People dropping out at the last minute with some excuse or the other. I also tried my best to get out of it but with no luck. What was my excuse – well I had none – that was the problem. I have no complaints now. It was four guys in a cabin all by ourselves. Now don't jump ahead of yourselves and get the wrong idea.
okie so i guess i have to be really nice n write all d good things about my evil cousin!!! besides being my cousin he is a great friend... he is one person who can handle my non stop bickering...the best part is he always listens(a good listener), i can practically confide ne thing in him,u just start talking to him n u feel so much at ease that things just keep coming out,he is very relaxed n chilled out n very fun loving! he has an amazing sense of humour.. its very difficult to be in his company n not laugh.. he always brings a smile to my face..he can be amazingly cute at one point n the next minute he would do something to really piss me off! we have our fights (but thats fun). i am really proud of him considering a big brain that he is(always showered with scholarships n stuff)..since i dont stay in chennai so ne updates regarding d latest tamil music or movies he is the one to let me know.in  all a great friend,big brother,cousin,really fun to hang out with,has always been dere for me..A COOL DUDE!!!
well ankit is dat guy whom i knw for past 9yrs.......i met him in 6th std at hrms........nd ya we becam frnds from day 1....so all the pretty girls out dere note down dat dis guy is very friendly n easily approachable.......aji tall dark(oops)n handsome in teeno categories mein fit baithte hai humare rana saab..........wid his brawny looks he does not pull cars but definitely creates or rather draws marvelous automobile sketches.......a gr8 artist jaha jata hai chap chod jata hai chahe kisi ki copy ho desk ho....har jagah(again grls note dwn"har jagah") his sketching n drawing abilities r stupendous n not nxt bst to anybody i knw so far........he is a gr8 fan of all de boys toys n mean machines(grls do not note dis down)hehehe........dis guy has been my best buddy for such a long tym......man u can share ur any damn thing wid him.........well he gets impatient n furious bout things not happenin his way very easily........short tempered n lil kan ka kachha....no hard feelins dude.....i had my....contd
 acted in my first play when I was 9 (4th standard) - I was playing a Malayali traveling in a train as part of a skit on National Integration. One of these days, I will scan the picture from the play and post it here for all of you to have a hearty laugh on how silly boys with lipstick look and how terrible primary school teachers are in putting makeup. And fortunately for me, I have been doing at least one play every year ever since - through school, college, and ignoring a brief hiatus while I was in France, throughout my professional life as well (Incidentally, 2008 was the first year I didn't do a play since I landed in Bangalore). .
"i feel that sijo is the most understanding and most wonderful friend i have ever had in my life...a man who takes every thing in the right spirit & also some one who helps me a lot every time when i am in troble.........
i am sure sucess will step with you in whatever you do.
God bless you. "
The next morning when Swapna logged in she had forgotten completely about the surprise and they were chatting about random things as the conversation went by. Ram did not bother to remind her either. Swapna quickly typed, “We are going to have a huge bash for Anisha’s birthday tomorrow at her place. We couldn’t have a party that day ‘cos she had plans with her family.” Ram exclaimed, “Wow, that’s awesome sweety…. So, you are gonna be at her place all day tomorrow eh?”. Swapna giggled to herself and replied, “Why do you ask like you’re going to come to the party? ;)” Ram sighed heavily on the other side and keyed in, “How I wish babe… how I wish……” They continued and she went on and on about what she had planned for the party. Ram was missing all the action and he felt bad about it. Ram typed out in frustration, “Damn! Semester ended yesterday and if only I could afford to get to India :( :(.” Swapna asked anticipating a positive response, “Is there no way you can come now?” Ram made a quick and short reply, “Nope.” Swapna was now asking Ram what else they could do. Swapna asking him for some ideas for the party. Ram said his mood wasn’t ok and he logged off. Swapna tried to persuade him to stay, but, he refused and left. Swapna was missing him online and she was suddenly reminded of the surprise that he had promised. She was now very curious to know what it was and she called him. The conversation was very terse. Ram answered the call and in a very depressed tone replied, “I will call you tomorrow. I know you were reminded of the surprise I promised you. I’ll let you know tomorrow. Waiting at times increases the value of the surprise. Hold on to your curiosity sweety.” Without waiting for her to reply, he hung up.
"sam is a gud person..
He's cool . never gets tensed..
Humorous ..But very cunning person..
Use to be a gud boy in Skool days . He is one of my best friends .we ver class mates in skool. Likes to criticize everyone.
Different person.. Very Smart (about 10 % of my smartness i think)

Trust me he's a gud person.

Overall - 85/100 Very gud "
"mahesh..met this guy in my 12th tution class..glad i did..
very calm down to earth guy.teacher's pet.speaks only if u provoke him,.responsible person.
v hav many common interests like politics, ppl v hate,(tat1 too):)..we equally detest those dumb-looking-clowns hookin wit ulti figs in our presence..
a v passionate player of cricket..he'll kill u if u misfield or come late to the venue :)
Talk to him thro electronic means n u'll feel he's v v cold.. actually he's not.he has a very gud sense of mokkai,.
instant fren catcher and a big moral support for us,his frens.
great writer too - he won the 2nd prize in essay writing n college talent hunt(mentioning coz most mite not no)..
i can never forget the time we spent in so-cald combined studies kalasifying u all nite, hanging out wit our gang, playing endlessly n lots go unmentioned here!!"
"But the stock market crashed once the interim budget turned out to be a damp squib. What else would you expect from a substitute (Pranab) of a substitute (Manmohan) of a substitute (Chidambaram)? It should have been Manmohan all along.

In his defense, Pranab argued that he did not have the mandate do anything more with the budget. No mandate? Does this mean Prakash Karat is the one we should be blaming?

Pranab termed his interim budget as one for the ‘aam admi’. Unfortunately, for the ‘aam admi’, the government is now the ‘baam admi’.

Did you read about that? A farmer in Rajasthan claims that an Army aircraft bombed his 5 bhiga field and home. No statements from the Army. Guess the IAF’s policy is not to ‘kisaan-and-tell’. Or it’s in a real kisaan jam. Or it doesn’t think it’s that bhig-a deal. Take your pick."
well this guy does not like if u call him praveen or kumar..likes being called sakthi.. well he is one of the sweetest person i have ever met.. he is a kind hearted , humble , helpful person.. i get stunned by the way he talks to elders respects his parents and elders ..one more thing is thet i hav never seen him get angry ..has a smily face.. he is one perfect roommate who u can get.very helpful. he is a very soft person.. well on the whole a great human being and one of my best friends.. friends for ever .. cheers dude
"Ya true that she doesnt spend a lot of time with me talking but there was this magical time in the bus ride from kulu to simla,wen we actually started talking ,ill vote it as my best moment with her cannot forget that never ever,Really got to know her as a mature , a bit more stable and strong head dudette then from the rather clumsy, always cheering ,gleeful self that she seems the rest of the time... Beware she is nothing as she projects herself to be the beautifull dimpled smile can have a lot of meaning he he he .
She's got a lot of policies governing herlself but that doesnt keep her from enjoyin life to max... seriously!! she is one whose absense will dampen any group's mood.And as for ur warning against me not keeping in touch u don have to worry abt it i aint gonna do the same mistake of letting time wit u slip away as i did earlier.
Keep smiling u will always be same jayashree tat i know ,cos there is nothing where u can improve u're so perfect .... Keep smiling Rok on... U better keep in touch :)"
"shanki as i call him has been more than a friend to me rite from the time i met him in 6th standard..it has been 10 years since we met ...and through those ten years i ahve always had a friend with whom i could confide even the deepest of secrets...he knows me better than i myself do...thats the truth...
i have never seen him in a serious mood except on the field ...there he is a tough competitor and a shrewd cricketing brain....i lve the way he plays the game and had been lucky to play once under him in a very serious match...;) 
u stay with him for half an hour and he will surely come up with soem prank and bring u down with laughter...
we ahd together roamed the length n breadth of adambakkam n the surrounding suburbs...and those days would remain evergreen in my memory..."
 ok......hi dear so today i thought lemme tell ur other frnds abt my opinion abt you....the person reading this testimonial plzzzzzzzz note that the person for whom i have wriiten this testimonial is the "Best" frnd ever anyone can have in his...or...her life....she is stpuid and also sweet she gets scared from many unusual things ......but she takes care of everyone to the fullest.....i met her in Delhi and till date i m waiting eagerly to send some time together....yaaar she is almost similar to a small kid using all johnson products......and she is my first love......(not a joke but not in a wrong sense tooo mind it)....i miss u anu ....hope we meet up soon dear anyways take care honey u r the best......love u but just to say honey "I MISS YOU"...
"Hi I am writing this to one of my Best Friend and with whom i share most of my persona;l problems(I think he knows everything about me).He is a person who is having an easy take and easy go life.I can say that he is An apt person in this fast world.he has got a very great attitude and ambition and i feel that he will soon be a succesful enterprenur.everyone sees in him ""the comedy nature"" but only few know his 
serious life.. i think he is one of the best coders that i have ever seen.he has never reacted sensitivily to the comments laid by others and thats his plus.... all the best macha.....You are really great."
"O'Brien got the live show started as a way to help his staff of about 40 keep busy and employed. NBC gave up an extra $12 million for the staff. Considering that the staffers uprooted their families and pulled their kids out of schools in New York and moved them across the country -- only to see NBC end Conan's Tonight Show run after only seven months, they deserve whatever extra gig they can get until O'Brien resurfaces behind a desk for another network.

In New York, the tour hits Radio City Music Hall and Madison Square Garden in June, venues that sold out quickly. Hey, maybe Conan will return to Gotham when he lands the next job. Things were going great for him until he left.
"
I n pravin wer skool classmates, Very cool guy.. never gets tensed.. Very quiet. Enjoys roaming around in our home town. Gud companion while roaming, We also take "the terror" Janesh and "Dirty dog" Alan and "Raddy" Pradesh n Praveen with us.. Used to Play cricket very well.. He bats stylish and Bowls like mc'grath. Girls define him as sweet person.. has a lot of fans due to his character...
"Between 2 friends, maybe very close or may not be close, they could just be friends. Assume that the guy has feelings for the gal all of a sudden. Like I said before, the guy decides to tell her. ""Hey, I have started feeling differently about u lately... blah blah.... this is off topic"" The gal if interested says 'Yes' and all is ll. OMG here comes the other if. NO??!!?? Ok now wats the next step. I have commonly seen the gal starting to distance herself from the guy. Cmon give him a break he is not gonna stalk you. Guys give her a break. She said NO which means any amount of hanging around doesnt work. So give up and atleast be sane enough to respect her feelings and her space.

If you are very close friends, give it a small gap, may be one or 2 days, call back and just be normal. DO NOT ATTEMPT to talk about wat happened unless u r sure, both u and her are comfortable talking about it. Otherwise, its best to avoid it. Agreed it is tough to start with. A few days, and u will be back to comfort zone and then probably, u will be able to discuss it in the lighter vein.

Ok, here goes. What is it about expressing love that people think its an offense? The guy had an 'opinion'. I use the word opinion just because its just precisely what it is. You go thro this phase where you think a person is special to you. Hence, its an 'OPINION' you form about the person. Freedom of Speech/ Expression(This I know is not applicable completely to something of this kind) but, I want to use this to play down the misconceptions surrounding the 'Opinion'.

The girl, you will accept/not accept an opinion about a car, bike, house, etc...etc... when the guy says it. Why is it when this opinion is expressed and then asked about ur take on it... you get so offensive??
He just said he loves you and wants you to be his 'ONE'. Just say whether you agree or not and get moving along. Yes, again a play down on the whole concept of expressing love."
"James Bobin is on board to direct the movie, the plot of which is under wraps. The TV show as well as some of the movies tended to have one key human actor with whom the Muppets associated on their adventures. It is known that Segel plays a man on a quest to find and reunite the Muppets.

The actor's coming aboard is a natural extension of the development process; he wrote the script with pal Nicholas Stoller.

Segel has been on a tear with feature work of late. He recently boarded the Cameron Diaz comedy ""Bad Teacher"" and last week signed to star with Ed Helms in the Duplass brothers' latest movie, ""Jeff Who Lives at Home."""
" The Universe already loves you. Love it back by loving yourself and accepting yourself for who you are. 
May be the 'love it back' is interpreted by the *&^%#@ THEY' in their own way.!!
If we are we always and not harm others....thats life i supose. Corectaa?
I suffered a lot in my life bcos of those ""%&*(& THEY"" and so i stopped worrying about them long time back. Sometimes i think what so far i have earned by having a concern for those ""naalu peru"" ?
Its bcos of your individuality and courage i admire you always."
In fact, there was a scene here that reminded me of another good movie - Mullholland Drive - that bared and flaunted a specific multiple-interpretation scene to needlessly and abruptly drop a hint rather in the middle of the movie. When you use a scene as a hint dropper and not a narrative driver, you give away the ending. (This is the scene where this aspiring actress meets a cowboy in a boxing ring). The movie was significantly less interesting after that point. That scene was disconnected, random and unreal. The entire movie was like that. But that scene was a little bit more of all that than it needed to be.
"Since only a few Indian universities has met the international standards.Its a welcome decission from the govt. As a result our universities will have to face a tough competion for their survival which will raise the quality of our education substantially. And more of our students will get oppurtunity to acquire quality education without the need of going abroad.

but few concerns will be

Since ultimately people in India want quality of education be raised to be more competitive in this world till we are able to stannd on our knees. For that we would like a foregin help but after we stand we should be able to take the charge off. That dosent mean it should be Use & Throw policy.

my suggetions:

1. It shold be a treaty of more than policy or business.
2. It will be better to merge maximum number than letting to open new ones.


Since education will draw the future India.
"
From the day1 of my coll life i seein him. he's very silent and very sensitive.. silent but cant with stand his comment. i made the mistake of tellin him the dialogue durin first sem exam. he made the dialogue a highlight for these four days. we're room mates durin second year and we won BEST ROOM AWARD for tat year. from this all can understand we both make a perfect combination. as a true friend he's been with me for all time for suggestion or for entertain or for carin.. many times we both ve same character.. you can hear a typical tirupur speech when he talk with his dad.. he has faced lotta prob in fourth year and end of third year but too he managed well.. nice lad lookin silent all the time(like fittin silencer as said in boys flim).. noone can understand his inner feelings.. i thanked to god to get such a friendship in my life time... ALL THE BEST. i'm always there for you for anything and at anytime...
The second installment of Stephenie Meyer's hugely popular and successful Twilight franchise did exactly what it set out to do: capitalize on its pre-existing fanbase and deliver more vampire/human/werewolf romantic intrigue. Though it only scored an overall 28% on the Tomatometer (compared to the first movie's 50% rating), The Twilight Saga: New Moon was a box office success, making close to $300 million. The story follows the continuing adventures of everygirl Bella Swan, whose vampire heartthrob Edward Cullen leaves town in order to keep Bella safe from his enemies; 
My sweeeeeeeeeeeet sister..The lines may seem a bit clichéd to readers, but yes she is one sort of person I wud love to be with at all times ...Gone are the days when she asks me to imitate the college profs and crack pjs or rather mokkais and enjoy the scene..I get reminded of all those when I am all alone, dipped in an ocean of solitude missing the dearer ones.... One of the many people whom I miss badly right now......Missssssssssssss u a lot........And testimonials written truly with heart, out of affection generally have a bad and an incomplete ending....And I guess this fits well in such a category..........Will continue writing further..............
First of all, the IPL is made for India. It won't work as well anywhere else. India has a billion people who are absolutely cricket-mad. The owners of the franchises are Indian and wealthy, the sponsors mainly are Indian, there are lots of Indian players and it's an Indian TV channel that has put its money in. I don't think any other country could do it so well even if it tried. The authorities in England were talking about it a year ago but they can't do it so well. The main thing about the IPL is that it is fun, it is pure entertainment, and it's Bollywood - or Hollywood, call it what you want. The great thing is that the catchment area for these franchises is so huge that nobody else can compete with that. It will always be better in India.
He is one of the most interesting ppl in my life...well we met at a tech symposium Aarush-SRM univ,but it seemed we had been friends for life,he could have been the better judge for the events sparing the SRM staff with his impeccable knowledge on a diverse range of topics,and flabbergasted everyone with his tech-trivia! Lol .. a prodigy i wud say.....this word sums up this good friend of mine,ten years down the lane,u wud be a gr8 prof (swear my head upon it!),and ur zeal for knowledge will take u to greater zeniths ! All the best dood,i know u are one of the best in my journey ! Rock on...
Hi Jai, Paaru unna pathi ellam ezhutha vendiyatha iruku. "Romba amaithiyaana ponnunga iva" ippadi ellorum sollanumnu avalukku romba aasai athukaaga romba kashta pattu nadipaa. Romaba nalla padippa. I am Very proud to have a sister like her. Really admired and sometimes Jealous about her commitment. Ellorukkum AVA KANNU mela oru kannu. Ava photoku nalla pose kudupa, will soon upload those in orkut. As she wrote in my testimonial she is my main target for kidding. But many times I have saved her when others try to make fun of her. Umm I heard that she is a good singer and dancer but I am not fortunate to hear her voice or see her dancing still. Very good daughter to her parents. I have never seen her upset at anytime takes everything positively. Ippo romba nalla Whistle adikara. Padam paakum bothu thaan iva evvalavu suru surupa iruppaanu therium. BUBBLY JAI All the best for your future. May ur dream comes true. From ur everloving BROTHER :)
"What is the logic behind bringing Hema Malini, Smriti Irani? What is (not are) their contrinution towards developing India? Just for the sake of bringing young and women in the party executive body, i think Mr. Gadkari forgot that when it comes to election this team would not be able to stand and win seats for BJP candidates in front of much more credible names like Mr. Chidambaram, Mr. M. S. Ahluwalia, our dear Prime Minister, Mr. Rahul Gandhi, Mr. Manu Singhavi. Mrs. S. Gandhi. Varun Gandhi has already shown that he has no solutions to finght poverty and upbringing the life style of people at least in areas near Pilibhit and he is now promoted...good Mr Gadkari. but as an old RSS swayam sevak, who has run Shakha for RSS in UP, i feel cheated and so does the country if BJP is a national party and promisses of a better india. I would have been more happy to see people like Modi, Raman Singh and Sivraj Singh Chauhan, Yashvant Sinha whom people can trust. Even if we want to give you opportunity to run the country in next election, we do not see credible names whom we people of india could trust the way we trust PC, MM. Rahul Gandhi has not delivered any thing till now but he shows a progressive mind and the way he is taking his career forward gives an impression that he is interested in inclusive growth despite been from the most power full family. while u are selecting people who are good at laughing, dancing, saas-bahu natak.....and no plans for a better india. U have delivered a lot for Mumbai and Maharashtra, still i can't understand that u chose this team. May be excellence and delivery were not ur primary parameters while selecting ur team and u are also convinced that PC and MM could take better care of the nation and are better people who can take India to the next level.

Gud luck to u & ur team Mr. Gadkari. i will be happy to see my self defeated for my feedback and if u win, i will go to Sidhivinayak that u could deliver for the country.
"
For the last couple, maybe three weeks I have become crazy watching movies during the weekends. I just turn on the television and start watching the movie that is currently playing, usually its one of the cute ones with Steve Martin, Sanjay Dutt, Paresh Rawal or Lindsay Lohen.
The anoo files:) part2: well to b really frank i dint know much abt tis gal wen i wrote the 1st testi for her...but now i ve learnt a lot abt her and from her :) one very interestin thing tat i would lik to say is dat she has bcome a very close frend of mine oly recently... esp after joinin Cognizant...i should mention she has grown up to b a very matured gal..i was surprised by the fact tat she trusted me so much dat she told me many of her secrets and personal matters :D...thanks for dat man :)to b very frank no other person has been lik dat to me....and definitely she also took some pains to understand a complex person lik me :) v ve shared a lot of things abt each other and she s one person who knows me really well :) and wenever v meet v ve sometin to talk abt, either abt ourselves or abt others[gossip i mean ;)]... she is def one of the sweetest and cutetest :) gals i ve come across..and one of the few ppl who supports me and tells good things abt me.... thanks for all dat, i really appreciate it :)
anyone who can follow him speak when they hear him the first ime...menm sharan hav never been happier whenever this guy is arnd!!semme nakkals of india this guy n an ardent fan of goundamani...one cant stop smilin with bodha somewhere arnd!a cool guy n knows wot he wants in life...a gud cricketer!(dont worry da,we'll meet at all imp social functions..ill b singin n ull b there 2 receive awards!!)its been onlya few yrs since ive gotten 2 knw this bugger...but i hav understood tht he is one helluva fello!!n is very resourceful ;) ...u dunno wot he is upto but at the end of the day surprises every1 arnd!!one total entertainment package!!bodha will continue 2 b my frnd,even when he isnt my lab partner ;) will miss those fun days i had wit u da!!!
"It’s Holi. The festival of colours. The one day politicians can change shades every minute with no questions asked. Ominous signs for the BJP – no takers for the saffron dyes.

No one was spared. Even LK Advani was left red-faced at the end of the day. But it had nothing to do with Holi. Just that all his allies are bailing on him at the last minute.

Speaking of which, Naveen Patnaik is facing another flood crisis in Orissa. This time around, his office has been inundated with frantic calls from every single Prime Ministerial candidate in the Third Front.

Its ridiculous how everyone in the Third Front is considering himself / herself PM material. Having said that, its good to have choices. Last time, we had to pick between an Italian and someone who’d never won a Lok Sabha seat.

The scary part? Mayawati has thrown her hat in the ring. She is virtually holding the Left Parties to ransom threatening to leave the Front if she is not nominated. Am slowly starting to buy into the whole karma philosophy."
I can't help it. I have a fascination with dogs that are larger than their owners; it makes me laugh every single time. This isn't the best photo that I took yesterday at 89th St and Park Ave. ... but I think you can see that the lady in the picture can't be much taller than five feet while her pet, standing on its hind legs, would probably be about a foot taller. She could ride him home! Jimmy Fallon ( who gave me a high five once ) and his family were asked to leave Posto Pizza (at 18th and 2nd in New York City) after they interpreted a public statement made by Fallon as a slight against their establishment -- Fallon clarified he likes the Pizza, he just felt they did not belong in the competition he was discussing because their crust is super thin as opposed to the others. Regardless, he and his family got the boot as the owners laughed and laughed. Via Jimmy Fallon's Twitter When I first started writing popular cuture I used to write "Top Ten Lists" of prominent actors' back catalogue of films. I think the first one I wrote was Tom Cruise -- as kind of a tongue-in-cheek joke I selected one of his more infamous movies as number one. This guy takes that same movie to a whole new level : (psst: I think it's The Natural . Yes, definitely The Natural .) From Mouthpiecesports via The Will Leitch Experience I have no idea if he was a comedian, but someone died in New York today. Here's the deal: I get terrible reception on my cell phone in my apartment, so, on a day like today when I have an interview to conduct, I venture over to Carl Schurz Park -- which is between the East River and East End Avenue around 87th Street. While I was there today all hell broke loose. Apparently, someone jumped into the river and a large portion of the NYPD arrived by land, sea and air. Along with the Coast Guard, FDNY and the Justice League of America. Yes, I watched. Did I feel bad? Not really. Did I feel like I was in the movie Stand by Me and was about to see Ray Brower's body? Yes. Well, they never found the body, he his apparently still floating down the East River somewhere. Here are the photos of the action before everyone got bored and went home. Hey guys: I will be tweeting my ass off about the SNL visit tonight. So, good time as ever to sign up and follow, right? FOLLOW MIKE ON TWITTER Two quick points: Carter Bays, this week, who is one of the creators of How I Met Your Mother , told Entertainment Weekly that, "At the end of the season, we will address the title of the show." Well, then. I'm not sure what to think of this. I'm sure it's just a tease but think of how many shows drop in quality after a revel (which I will go on record saying will not fully happen this season). Remember those old Burger King ads asking who Herb was? The only person who had never tried a Whopper. Remember when they revealed Herb and how successful Herb was to the Burger King franchise? Me either. Regardless, is this a good thing? Also, I'm not going to mention who, but, a certain SNL featured player -- who will forever be known in my apartment as "Most Awesome Person Ever" -- invited me to watch this upcoming Saturday's show from the writers room. And yeah, Tracy Morgan is hosting; I'm sure it will be a subdued affair. My god, this may turn out to be the greatest experience of my life. Hey, I'll be tweeting that day . (At least a couple, I've been to television tapings before; cell phones are frowned upon.) If you haven't yet: sign up and be one of my six followers ! Remember that episode of Seinfeld when Kramer mistakenly gets called into a business meeting even though he didn't actually work there. I think I may be hoping this somehow happens to me. "Hey, we need something right now ... come on, get in here, what are you waiting for?" I don't quite understand it, but yes, I'm now using Twitter . Perhaps this will be a solution to my lack of original blogging; perhaps not. Regardless, if you so choose to follow me , please do at your own risk ... I have no idea what I am doing. 
Hey finally PureDistortion has moved to its very own site. It is at www.puredistortion.com. This blog will stay up and have all of the archived posts here from before the move. they will be avaliable at puredistortion.blogger.com and blog.puredistortion.com Dale Finally the local game store is getting into the Wizards of the coast game Magic the Gathering and stocking some of the cards. For me this is really cool as this is a game that I have always been interested in but no one in my social circles played at all. Also I think it is a game that my wife could really get into as well which would be cool as the continual smackdown I get in card games like Uno, SkipBo and Phase10 are beginning to wear a bit thin LOL. So with this motivation I have been looking into how the game works as I have only ever had a couple of goes at the game in shops as demos and came a cross a series of online videos done by Wizards that are really great at explaining the game and how it works. I ahve only supplied links or else this post would be massive LOL. This is a 6 part series that is titled "Learn to play Magic the Gathering": (links to each video are the part 1 ect links) PART 1: Is an introduction to Magic and the decks and how to get started. PART 2: Is an explanation on the cards them selves. PART 3: Is about the different types of cards that will be in your deck. PART 4: Is all about the turn sequence and a basic turn. PART 5: Is all about attacking and blocking. PART 6: Deck building and the stratergies. Another thing that the guys at Wizards do is they supply the rules online so that you can get down to your hobby store get a starter deck and get straight into playing you can get a copy of the rules straight from the website there are also link to other helpful playing resources such as the gatherer . The Gatherer is an online database of all of the cards available so you can study up on you opponent or hunt out your next rare purchase/trade. Also check out www.magicthegathering.com there is heaps of stuff on there. On Dakka Dakka today found a link to a site called armyroster.com . Army Roster is a web based army builder that is now looking for people for Beta accounts to test the site and provide feedback and bugs. I creatd an account on the site and went through and started to build a 1500pt list for my Orc and Goblin Fantasy army (at the moment Warhammer Fantasy lists are all that can be created) and found the interface nice and simple to use, though it did not have the AJAX web2.0 feel that I had come to expect from web applications these days. Now apart from the feel there were a few more things that annoyed me, the basic functionality was not complete yes so links that were in the site would go to error pages and also the lists for the Fantasy Armies were incomplete with me not being able to add in things that are in the army book. Also the need for the site to be all linked in as a community was also something that annoyed me (fro no real reason) and this is something that I have issues with more and more new generation web apps providing a service have to try and shoe horn in community tools like forums into the site when forums already exist for the subculture that they are aiming at, I believe that these developers hould focus more on building intergration with existing services. Though I must say when the opponent finder... one of the broken bits of the site... is working I think this will be a great way for people to find other people in the local area to find opponents. Now with those points aside this site has real potential to be a real competitor to Army Builder especially if they build on a few little bits of functionality. For example the site already validates your core choice requirements and total points but not charater magic items. The ability for people to be able to view your avaliable armies via a URL so that you can link to your profile in a forum. Also the ability to import your own army spec files for games that army roster does not currently supprt would also be an awesome idea and take some load off the developers doing data entry for every game that they wish to support. Though overall I think when this app gets out of Beta... and I am griping about a site that is in very early Beta at the moment... it will be an awesome site that will be a serious alternative to Army Builder and free. So check out armyroster.com and keep an eye on it as when it is up and running I think it will be a great web app. I know I will be using it. Found an interesting solution for users of plesk/qmail for how to identify a user who is abusing your authenticated SMTP service. Running the command: cat /var/log/messages | grep -i smtp_auth | grep "logged in" | awk {' print $11 '} | awk -F / {' print $6"@"$5 '} | sort | uniq -c | sort -n | tail or: cat /var/log/syslog | grep -i smtp_auth | grep "logged in" | awk {' print $11 '} | awk -F / {' print $6"@"$5 '} | sort | uniq -c | sort -n | tail Depending on your Linux Distro and you will get an output like the example bellow: 7 user@example.com 7 someone@spmewhere.net.au 8 stuff@onthenet.com.au 8919 user@crackeddomain.com.au As you can see the account 'user' for the domain 'crackeddomain.com.au' are having unusually high amounts of SMTP connections for an account. This is useful for tracking bulk email being sent through your system or hijacked accounts being used by spammers. I found this on rackerhacker.com a site by Seinior Rackspace Systems Engineer Major Hayden, go and check it out it is full of awesome content. With all of the talk going on on the net and in main stream media about the new "Great Firewall of Australia" ISP spam filter I though I should have my say. Firstly I think that this is ridiculous especially when the report that has been released regarding there 30 user test in Tasmania.... 30 user how the hell does 30 users represent Australia's traffic, maybe that is the amount of users that dont download MP3's or movies, but it is not a decent representation of the traffic this country generates. Also the reports suggest that internet link costs will go up due to the cost of implementation and the speed of the link will be slower. Apart from this just making no sence at all why should someone decide for me what is relevant for me to view on the net (now Mr Conroy I am not a pedophile or a terroist) as filters miss one big factor..... context. How can a filter that only sees a request to a server on port 80 judge if i am looking at a site of "potentially" harmful information such as euthinasia to kill my self or I am writing a ballanced document about both sides of the topic.. in shor it can't and if some one is looking in this example for a way to kill themselves they will find it one way or another you aren't going to stop them. Also with the filtering being done at the ISP level what is going to stop the ISP tracking your data and selling it to marketing firms in some way or another and this dosent have to be a company as a whole, it could be just an enterprising engineer working in the back end. This senario gets even worse when some if the technologies have the ability to decrypt and inspect SSL traffic the same traffic that used by internet banking and sites online.. can you say the death of online shopping in Australia. Another thing to consider is not only will we be told what not to view but these decisions will cause false positive removing "legitimate" that we should be entitled to see. Also what stops the logical progression of an anoymous filtering tool becoming a tracking tool so it is logged where your IP has been or that a government would use the filter to block content that is contrary to there views and opinions. It is all possible just look to the harsh filtering of there internet users by there government. Finially with this solution costing Millions and Millions and can be simpily avoided by using one of the many tools avaliable today. Proxies, TOR, VPN, Web Anonimisers all have the ability to bypass this technology so people who are looking at this dodgy content still will be able to as ISP's will not be able to block these technologies as that would serverly hamper Australian businesses. In the end if it does come in to Australia I will be starting a buisnes soffering VPN solutio, help stop one of the greatest free speah injustices in this lifetime.ns to a data centre in another country to make some cash of all of the dodgy and paranoid people out there. In the end they cant stop what you look at on the net just hamper the growth of the technology sectors of Australia. They would be better spending this money on stopping people in this country creating the content. Please sign the online petition here. Also go to nocleanfeed.com to see what else you can do. Resources for further reading: Article from somebodythinkofthechildren.com aboiut the report of the TAS trial and comparing it to what Sen. Conroy had to say. EFA page on there nocleanfeed.com site explaining the plan. Forum discussion on whirlpool.net.au, great comments here from Mark Newton from Internode and other forun users. Ill keep updating things as they come up to where this is headed. Wired is doing a piece on all of the winners of there previous photography competitions. There are some awesome photos here, my favourites are the Gecko Eye by Alan M which is awesome and the picture of the guy canoeing in the mist by Peter Bowers. The next photography contest being run by Wired is a Portraits contest so any photographers reading get involved. Check out the contests page at Wired.com for more info. Also check out the gallery of the other winners here. last week Redhat detcted intrusions to certin computer systems. There have been minimal details on the intrusion and what actually has happened as investigations are still happening. RedHat's first concern was the RedHat Network (RHN) and ensuring that their distrobution channel with there clients was intact. I think this is a great move by RedHat acting so swiftly and ensuring that the packages that were in there up2date/yum channels were secure. What was detected was a number ro SSH Service (here is a link to info on SSH) packages were signed and released to channels. In a move to quickly rmove this threat from the channel and customers systems that may have already down loaded and installed the RPM's is to relaease new RPM's into the channels for the affected systems. This is another move that I think is a great move by RedHat as it quickly and elegantly removes these unauthorised packages quickliy from RHEL systems and the update channels, using this method also means that mant people will go without even having the packages installed on there system as RPM (RedHat's package management system) uses versions to controll what packages it downloads and will always download the newr version if it avaliable. The affected versions of RedHat Enterprise Linux are Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 4.5 Extended Update Support. As well as theis there has been a script released by RedHat that will assess weather you system has installed the affected packages and is avaliable from the RedHat website (see link at end of post). I think that this issue has been handled well by RedHat and has showed how simply issues like this can be managed with a solid package management solution such as RPM. It will be interesting to see how this progresses and I will keep an eye on this and keep you updated as news gets out about new updates on the issue. Link to RedHat Security Advisory Link to openssh-blacklist script While trawling through the www.wargamerau.com forums today I came across 2 new things that make the future release of THQ's Dawn of war series looking like something to keep an eye out for. The first is the new trailer that was released yesterday titled 'This world is not ours'. It is amazing and the animators at THQ have done a great job capturing the Warhammer 40k universe. Not only that this trailer is that good it points that Games Workshop really needs to consider making a Full CG Movie based on the 40K world. Though enough ranting check it out: Though this is only the start, not only are THQ pumping out awesome cut scene trailers, but they are also in the process of having a British army FV432 APC cut, chopped and rebuilt into a Space Marine Rhino... I know how cool is that. The TQH Rhino Build Diary announces 'The completed Rhino will be making its public début at Games Workshop Games Day 2008 at the Birmingham NEC on 14th September. Click here for more information or to book tickets for the event.' Unfortunately the Rhino wont be filled with Space Marines but with high end gaming machines that I am assuming that you will be able to have a crack at DoW2 if you are able to get close enough. Check out the Rhino Diary article @ THQ here and the Flikr Diary of photos of the build here. Also keep an eye here at PD as being both a Warhammer and car fan, I will be following the build as it goes on. So if you are going to this event please get in contact with me so that we can get some pics up of the completed Rhino sitting at Games Day. 
We're working in the studio now. I'll be posting pictures. Check this space... We boarded the Laurence M. Gould for our journey back on December 23, 2006. Going back through the Gerlache Passage was even more exciting and beautiful than coming the other way. If you look back towards the beginning of the blog, you can see the brilliant day that greeted us in Antarctica. On the way back the day was overcast, with mysterious lines of clouds clinging to the mountains on either side of the passage. I couldn't put down the camera , or if I did, it was to pick up the video camera. I could barely grab a sandwich! As the ship turned away, Palmer Station seemed to fade into the distance. But no sooner was it gone when suddenly the scenery was utterly compelling. We saw whales numerous times, although none with the Canon digital. This combination of granite and fog, ice and water was more mysterious than any landscape I had ever seen. Only the photos of Wang Wusheng come even close. Usually it didn't look sinister but that first picture reminds me of the pilots I have known who joke about granite clouds. The changes happened fast. Focusing on one point sometimes yielded several different photos, both because of the motion of the ship and also the movement of the clouds. The scale of the mountains is not terribly evident in these small photos. But I estimate the cliffs as 30 to 75 meters high. Late in the day we passed Smith Island. Antarctica was retreating in the distance. The low angle of sun had us seeing night for the first time in nearly two months. I wondered how I would react, but I slept so soundly, it was a relief. We had an almost endless sunset that went on for hours. Here is mate, Larry Brissette at the controls. Since there were only five passengers on board, the crew invited us to be in the bridge. Art and I took them up on their offer and spent a good deal of time talking and watching the navigation process as we crossed the Drake. It was so smooth that they were calling it Drake's Lake! Lucky, because we had talked to passengers on a cruise ship that moored at Palmer and they had encountered 10 to 15 meter waves. A part of me would have liked to experience something like that, but the prospect of being tied to my bed for three days was not too appealing. This is how we celebrated Christmas Day. Captain Scott Flanagan gave us a "safety demo" by shooting of flares and letting us shoot some off the stern of the ship. This is the chart and log as we approached Cape Horn. We continued up the Atlantic coast of Tierra del Fueg o, Argentina, to the mouth of the Straight of Magellan. Once inside the straight, we met the pilot who guided us into port at Punta Arenas. Somewhere in the Drake Passage I snapped this picture of the ship board computer screen. It was Christmas day, day 359 of the year, 17:04 GMT. Our position was at 55+ degrees South latitude, 64º west longitude. We were headed almost due north 345º with a bearing of 348º, making 11.5 knots of headway. The wind was coming from the due north at 25 or 22 knots (different gauges). Our heading is toward Isla Estados . The salinity of the water was 33.7 (not sure the units), Water temperature was 5.362ºC (up at least 5º from our departure at Palmer.) Depth is 3953 meters (more than 10,000 feet!) Air temp is 10.2ºC. Relative humidity 76%. Wind Chill -1.1ºC. Barometric pressure measured 983.5 millibars. Here is Punta Arenas on our arrival. I was overwhelmed by the color. Just seeing green trees was an intense experience. I like Punta Arenas. It is a stopping over point for many outdoor treks and the town is full of camping stores like North Face and Patagonia. (This is Patagonia , after, all.) Maybe someday I'll come back and explore South America from here. I have a lot to say about Antarctica, what I saw, what I learned. I'll be posting form time to time about the progress on my work in the studio. I hope to display the cast glass along with the photography and video and perhaps some cast ice, as well. I'm just looking for the right venue. I'd still like to post my thoughts on the vast visual input of my ice studies. Another might tackle the implications of global climate change and the vast re-ordering of the earth which is happening under our feet. I'd like to especially than the National Science Foundation for making this magical voyage possible, along with their contractor for Antarctica, Raytheon Polar Services. Everybody was wonderful and more than helpful. I saw more, accomplished more than I ever could have imagined. Some of your comments that were posted also deserve a response. I didn't take full advantage of the blog format, but what a blast this has been! Go Blogger! If you wish to contact me, please write druth@glass.com . I'll try to answer all questions. On the last full day we were at Palmer Station, I wanted to go out in the Zodiac one last time. Art demurred. I think he was looking forward to getting on the Gould and heading home. I wanted to see the one part of the glacier face that we had not been able to see from the Zodiacs. Curt Smith was eager to go. Our technology wizard, he ran the computer network and knew about all the electronics. This channel was created by a collapse of the glacier in 2003 that cut off Old Palmer from the main part of Anvers Island. The channel itself was too narrow to allow boating, because of its nearness to the calving glacier face. But by climbing over Old Palmer we were able to get close and see the new ice. It was worth it because the whole scene was so fresh and pure. Plus it connected the parts we had seen from the boat. The famous skua. Not sure if this is a south polar skua or a brown skua. They are slightly obnoxious birds that are like giant seagulls. The eat penguin eggs and chicks, and are scavengers. Not too popular among the Happy Feet crowd, but hey, a bird's gotta eat! They were very protective of their own nests. Art got a picture of one coming at him dead on, also on Old Palmer. We heard they like to kick as they go by so he ducked, but got the photo anyway. We jumped over a lot of rocks. Its amazing how much of a rubble pile is left in the wake of glacier retreat. My feet, ankles and knees hurt for weeks! We were hoping to take one more look at the ice arch. But a colony of elephant seals had gathered in front of our access. These two young males were wrestling right in our path. We went around them. The Gould had pulled in a day earlier, loading freight from Palmer. It was there to take us home. A bittersweet ending. We deleted ourselves from the computer systems, the lab and our dorm room. All of our stuff was packed and ready to ship. By time I took this picture, they had already loaded our freezer container that had been on the edge of the dock. That night we stayed on the Gould in preparation for leaving the next morning. Dear Friends, I`m travelling in Chile, on the slow route home. I have many great photos yet to post so watch this space sometime after January 5th, 2007. Art and I took many photos in the Gerlache and Neumayer Passages. The day was quite different from the brilliant, cloudless day when we arrived. This one was misty and dramatic. I´ll get to it soon. DAVID We are leaving Palmer Station today, Saturday, December 23, for our four day boat ride on the Laurence M. Gould back to Punta Arenas, Chile. A bittersweet ending, leaving this beautiful place. However, I got what I came for, which was information on how the ice looks. I feel that with the molds and so many photographs I have learned so much. Now I can go home, digest, and start to make my cast glass sculpture. I expect to add a few postings to this blog as I dig out photos and clean them up with Photoshop. (Not to enchance them, so much as to make them more realistic than what the electronic camera thought it saw.) Hang on for a few weeks until I get home. Thank you, everybody, for your support and comments. This has been so fun and I feel invigorated by all your compliments and questions. Please email me at druth@glass.com DAVID RUTH On old Palmer, which is now an island, due to the retreat of the glacier, and the former site of Palmer Station, there is both an ice arch and also an ice cave. We posted pictures of the ice arch before. This time we couldn't get to it because the elephant seals had taken it over. Fifteen or more had come inside, and a few were in the cave itself. A few weeks ago, Jeff found the entrance to the ice cave under the snow and dug it out. I had seen pictures and was eager to get back to Old Palmer but circumstances delayed us for a while. The entrance is small and we had to crawl in. You couldn't stand up, but what a scene. The whole thing is glowing blue green ice, floor ceiling and walls. It has indented arches forming a long tunnel, maybe 20 or 24 meters. The floor was lightly frozen over some water, which I found when I sat down. Christina is the person in charge of all the long running experiments, mostly in Terra Lab. She has been doing time-lapse studies of the environment. Last one was of the Gould leaving, in several thousand pictures. I suggested a picture of my ice sculpture melting and evaporating. In a land without green plants the rocks become stark, the lichens vivid. Especially as the snow melts off the glacier rubble, it exposes beauty in the patterns of lichens, moss and the rocks themselves. I have been in love with rocks for years, but here they are so prominent. In my proposal to the NSF I requested that I be allowed to cast the local rock if I decided that the it was more interesting than the ice. In the end, although I love the ice, the variety of textures is not all that great. After ten molds we had most of them. I asked and was granted persmission to spread the silicone mold material on sea-washed rocks next to the station. The resulting rubber mold is spectacular, although I didn't get to see it for long as it was snatched away to send home. Art has the incriminating photo of me spreading the raw goop on the rocks. I felt kind of bad doing it, even with permission since this environment is so pristine, the international park, as it were. But the silicone performed like a champ and completely peeled off the rock without a trace. I spent a few minutes picking up the few pieces, but there is no remaining evidence that anyting happened there, to my relief. I had visions of spending the last two days of my stay at Palmer Station rubbing moling compound off the rocks. Fortunately that was not the case. No post of mine from Antarctica would be complete without pictures of ice. We got the boat out and found some gorgeous pieces in Arthur Harbor. This piece was clear ice, but even underwater, you can see the facets, veils and bubbles. One last blue ice glacier bit. Two minutes of glorious sunset on the night before solstice at midnight. Orange light on the blue ice. I figured out how to save the glacier! I'm going to turn it into glass. I actually managed to make a small glass sculpture in the Palmer Station lab using exactly the process I had proposed with the ice molds. Over the past few weeks, Art and I have taken several silicone molds off of ice surfaces from pieces we have found in the water around the station. I melted some paraffin wax into different silicone textures and built up a small wax model for the glass using three textures from the ice. After embedding the wax in a dental casting plaster, I melted out the wax in a small lab bench furnace at about 200ºC. Here is my studio on the mash and grind deck of Palmer Bio building. We put the kiln go outside so as not to smoke everyone our during the burnout process. I was worried that the weather might affect the firing temperature, but it didn't. Here is the mold with chunks of glass I had brought from Oakland, melting at nearly 800ºC. The glass is a very light copper/cobalt blue, with about a thousandth percent colorant, very light. Ken setting the temperature on the controller. This controller was not ideal since it wouldn't turn down slower than 1ºC per minute. I wanted the high temperature cooling to be less than half that so I babied it for several hours while it went through that critical phase. Here is the piece when I broke it out of the mold. Notice the two textures. One was the smooth faceted ice and the other side was the snowy, granular ice. The "nose" is a third slightly wrinkly texture. Zenobia and Kerry organized an art show in the bar at Palmer. I put in some of my ice pieces, including this tall one I have shown before in "Ice Studies." The top photo is after an hour out of the freezer container. The second, several hours later as the sun was setting. The ice broke up internally around the crystals, which had also formed the facets. The afternoon was warm enough so the ice started to melt. It lasted just about exactly 24 hours before it tumbled to the deck. I also put in one of the silicone molds. I wonder if anybody got it, but it represented an absence of form, absence of a sculpture, maybe the absence of the glacier. Several guys were fascinated by the silicone, since it's flexible and strong. Above is another picture of my glass casting taken in the declining light of the day at about 11PM. Below is another of our "Ice Studies," when we were in the container with the photo lights. This one used one blue light to accentuate the clear form. 
 My first impression of Front Row was so positive - this crazy mac thing has a remote control, and you can use it to browse your media stuff. That's AWESOME, I love it! But then I ran into difficulties - I had trouble importing files into iTunes. I imported Iron & Wine like 5 times before I figured it out - the files had damaged tags, so iTunes (Apple's media management software) couldn't recognize them. Ok, that's a pain. I stuck into a Windows program, rewrote the tags, and then it worked. And then I decided I wanted to watch movies over the network. This turned out to be a challenge. The answer was to connect to the network share, and to drop a symbolic link to the mac filesystem into the "Movies" folder, so that I could make Front Row browse to that share. But then the first time that the mac slept, it severed the connection to the remote volume. After lots of research, I've found no simple solution. Apparently you can write a script to automatically mount a volume when the computer wakes from sleep, and there may be pay software out there, but no thanks on both counts. My solution so far - since I was moving my media to external hard drives anyway, I just plug that sucker into the mac. No problem. So I run Front Row, browse to Movies movies volumes mybook tv ds9 and I can watch all the Rene Auberjonois I want. It works, though I wouldn't say it "just" works. Of course, I have another hard drive in the living room, connected to the nice stereo, and that drive has all my music. I can't listen to any of it through Front Row. Because that music isn't in the iTunes database, it doesn't exist as far as Front Row is concerned. And I'm not about to let iTunes get its hands on that folder. I don't want to force all my computers to use iTunes. I don't even know how I'd go about dealing with the fact that I have one archive of the music which must be accessible to several computers. It's a solution that just doesn't work for me. Maybe it's years of windows use, but I am very much accustomed to the model that my computer files are organized by a filesystem hierarchy, and programs must access that hierarchy to work. I hate synching, and the attendant requirement that I lose control over my filesystems and access to those filesystems. That's why my mp3 player is now just my Blackberry Curve. I plug it into my computer, browse the filesystem, see what's there. I can drag a new folder into it at any time and delete folders at will. I don't have to run any program other than explorer to do this. I don't need any special cables to charge it, either, because I just plug it into a usb port. It's such a simple solution. I love it to death. I'm sure iTunes could do something similar if I were using an iPod, but I'd have to add the music to the iTunes database and then figure out how to put a selection of music on the iPod. And that's assuming I didn't run into any Iron & Wine-style problems. And I'm thinking about all this because of that badly-named iPad. I'm sure some people will like it, but I don't get it. I feel like you're paying a premium for a crippled computer. Like the iPhone, it's designed to lock you into using Apple products and Apple stores to get all your content, and I don't want that. For less than half the price of the iPad, I could have a netbook that would offer a real keyboard, the ability to run a much larger selection of applications, similar battery life, similar or better portability (having seen how many broken iPhone screens there are out there, I wonder how that big glass is going to fare), and a higher-resolution display. Mostly, it looks like a media player to me, and it lacks an HD display. It's a big glass box that you throw in your backpack and sometimes you surf the web on it. And maybe it's goofy to turn a netbook on its side to read comics, but I've done it and it works really, really well. But the best part is that I don't have to pay one company every time I want to do something on my netbook. I bought the damn computer, and it will do what I want it to with the music and movies that I already have. Also, my netbook cost me less than half what the iPad will cost. I don't get it. I love this Badly Drawn Boy song - the chorus starts "Soleil all over you, warm sun pours over me". Perfect for these grey days. Another favorite "sun" song of mine is David Bowie's Memory of a Free Festival, here presented in appropriately "ragged and naive" cover form by a band of British optometry students: As the students explain in the video, the band makes heavy use of an institutional VCS3 synthesizer, made by EMS. EMS, oddly enough, advertised its synthesizers with nun imagery . The synthesizers sound - thick and analog - used on early Doctor Who. The effect - satori must be something quite the same. plus blocked fire hydrant plus fire truck equals hypocrisy comedy gold . A Metafilter thread about a video mocking The Dark Knight's plot holes yields this interesting comment by user rokusan: [...] the screenplay had a lot of buzz [....] because the structure was unexpectedly tight (despite the running time) and it was even darker than expected. I do remember, too, that it was presented to me as "it's about relentlessness." [....] The War on Terror buzz was because at the time, it was seen in some circles as unusually brave/crazy to attack or mock the USA's illegal surveillance apparatus: the movie shoved the wrongness of it at the audience by having one of America's Most Trusted Voices™ tell us how wrong it was. Big Budget Hollywood hadn't taken an anti-government stance much in recent times. This was unusual, and I think a lot of folks anticipating a "comic book" story didn't expect it. [....] I continue to be really surprised at the love for this movie (currently #9 on IMDB's top 250). I am doubly surprised at the excitement over the tightness of the thing - I thought it made no sense at all, like it's plot went through the blender. Scenes just come and go. Most famously - what happened at the end of the joker's home invasion? The scene ends with no resolution. I like Heath Ledger in TDK, but that's about it. Good Metafilter discussion about whether you should default on your home loan when the value of the home is way below the mortgage amount. Homes are immensely personal, and the discussion highlights the extent to which personal fondness for homes and senses of morality unite to cause people to make irrational decisions about their houses. There's a sad tale in there of a guy whose dad refused to go into bankruptcy out of a sense of honor, and the negative impact it had on his family. 
Sorry, kiddos, but this blog has gone the way of the dodo. We've moved the blog over to our home site at ComicFoundry.com . So click over, continue reading and update your RSS feeds. Cya there Hey all! Changes are a coming for this site. Namely that it will be defunct quite shortly as we've relaunched ComicFoundry.com . Say goodbye to the users and portfolios — as much I loved having them as part of the original site it's not really what Comic Foundry is about any more. So say hello to a streamlined site with our integrated blog, story archive and issue excerpts. You can also now buy issues of the magazine and subscriptions through the site! So head on over to the new site , update your links and update your RSS feeds. See you there! (From a story on DIY costumes in the October issue of Complex) You're all probably excited about seeing Battlestar Galactica: Razor, right? I can't wait to see a TV movie about the Pegasus crew that debuts on Nov. 24th. Really, I can't wait. That's why I was so glad that registration on this site just opened for advance screenings in select cities on Nov. 12th! The lucky cities include: • Boston • Chicago • Dallas/ Ft. Worth • Los Angeles • New York City • Philadelphia • San Francisco • Seattle Hurry and register before they're out of fraking seats. Mark Millar just posted that he got turned down for writing the Superman movie sequel because he was too associated with Marvel: Well, sadly, I'm a Marvel guy and we were surprised to find out that WB couldn't hire me for a DC property. They were incredibly nice and superbly apologetic about it, but when they discussed the matter seriously DC explained just how associated I am with Marvel Comics at the moment and it's against company policy to hire the competition. It's absolutely nothing personal. I spoke to some friends at DC and they explained this has happened with a couple of big Marvel writers in the last couple of years and I absolutely respect that. My question is: How is that different when super-DC guy Geoff Johns wrote and produced for the Blade TV series (a Marvel property)? A great 300 parody, courtesy of Robot Chicken The trailer to Vertigo's series of online comics that serve as a prequel to the December film I Am Legend is up and in HD . The first online issue, by Steve Niles and Bill Sienkiewicz, is available here . Personally, I'm not a big fan of flat art that's later animated, but I'm not going to poo poo any attempt of comics moving ahead with more progressive media ideas. Paul Pope with Act-I-Vater Jeff Newelt Click for the whole Flickr set (by MG Soulcraft) 
Welcome to Grade 1: "Alright students, what does an ichthyosaur look like?"&nbsp; "They look like dolphins !"&nbsp; " Whales , like whales!"&nbsp; "Yeah FISH !!!"&nbsp; "SHAAARKS!"&nbsp; "Ooo ooo, Mr. Bond , oooo???!" "Yes, Billy?" " Miga !&nbsp; They look like Miga !"&nbsp; "YEAH!!! MIGA !!!"&nbsp; " MIGAMIGAMIGAAAAA !!!!" "Settle down CHILDREN! CHILDREN! Ugh..." Miga , for the uninitiated, was an Olympic mascot here in Vancouver - part bear and part orca .&nbsp; I assume it is the orca that Billy, the made-up child in this real-life situation, is relating ichthyosaurs to.&nbsp; Dolphins, whales, fish, orca - ARE ichthyosaurs so similar?&nbsp; Or, like Miga, more of a mix of creatures? Or are we just imposing our understanding of extant animals upon extinct ones?&nbsp; What did ichthyosaurs look like? With these beautiful aquatic reptiles being the focus of ART Evolved 's next Gallery , I thought we should begin discussing how exactly they should be reconstructed.&nbsp; What are the current controversies palaeo-artists are dealing with when restoring ichthyosaurs from fossil to flesh? Darren Naish (at Tetrapod Zoology) recently (Sept. 2008) discussed a few of the assumptions we make when we think of what ichthyosaurs look like and how they behave.&nbsp; Did they really have dorsal fins?&nbsp; How much of our knowledge of ichthyosaur body shape was faked by unscrupulous preparators?&nbsp; Most aquatic swimmers ( fish, dolphins ) have a dorsal fin, two pectoral fins and a powerful tail.&nbsp; Why did ichthyosaurs retain their two hind-fins?&nbsp; In an older article , Naish ponders the question: Did they use their pectoral fins and "fly" underwater?&nbsp; There are also a few questions I'd like to ask here, confronting the traditional view about ichthyosaurs: 1) Was their skin slick and smooth like a dolphin, or bumpy and scaly like a monitor lizard? 2)&nbsp; Did they eat only squid and ammonites? 3)&nbsp; Did all genus of ichthyosaur reproduce through live birth? 4)&nbsp; Did they partake in cannibalistic behavior? 5)&nbsp; What did the huge Shonisaurs eat? 6)&nbsp; Could I have ridden one? 7)&nbsp; Isn't there an easier way to spell "ichthyosaur?"&nbsp; Maybe with less h's? I am hoping that some of our readers might have some insight into the World of Ichthyosaurs!&nbsp; Help us reconstruct more accurate creatures! &nbsp; Speak up!&nbsp; We won't bite! ...much! And to get our collective ichthyosaur brains working, watch this They Might Be Giants " Nine Bowls of Soup ," staring Mr. Ichthyosaur... Some fantastically modern artwork from 1959. Use the contents drop-down menu to go the the “Where Evolution Stands Today” article. Check out the ads along the way. I adore the way that evolution is embraced by this popular magazine and - yeah, feel nostalgic. Note: cross-posted from my blog because this is just too cool. &nbsp; When I say "Therapod" what pops into your mind?&nbsp; A sharp-toothed, fleet-footed, flesh-eating monster of a dinosaur, right?&nbsp; Tyrannosaurs, spinosaurs, raptors... But what about a squat, tiny-headed, long-necked, plant-eater? These plant-eating therapods are known to the world as Therizinosaurs - named 'scythe lizard' on account of their abnormally large claws on their hands. This family of dinosaurs (Therizinosauridae), previously know as Segnosaurs, has a strange and convoluted history of discovery, with palaeontologists at times calling them "turtle-like lizards," prosauropods, and carnivorous reptiles.&nbsp; It wasn't until the discovery of similar genus' in the 80's and 90's, that Therizinosaurs were finally classified as advanced herviborous maniraptorian theropods. Recreating an animal so recently reinterpreted takes skill, research, and time.&nbsp; The wonderful results from this process are collected below - a Time Capsule full of Therizinosaurs , recreated in glorious pencil, paint, and pixels!&nbsp; To participate in this and future Time Capsules, all you need to do is send your image to artevolved@gmail.com .&nbsp; It's not too late to join in the fun! So without further ado, welcome to ART Evolved's Therizinosaur Gallery! Click to enlarge them! &nbsp; &nbsp; A Brief Look at Therizinosaur Reconstructions through the Years by Tricia Arnold &nbsp; &nbsp; Alxasaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Beipiaosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Erliansaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Erlikosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Falcarius by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Nanshiungosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Segnosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; Nothronychus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Nothronychus mckinleyi in graphite penci l by Mo Hassan &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by Brett Booth &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaur (aka Chickenosaur!) by Rachael Revelle A4 lino print - Produced as a live blog and documented on my blogsite&nbsp;' Drawn In Time '. Therizinosaurus: a creature from Jim Henson's The Dark Crystal by Sarah Snell-Pym I started off by looking at creatures I thought had similar features or habitat niches to the Therizinosaurs and then drew a 'shape' outline from a skeletal representation p199 of Vertebrate Palaeontology 2nd Edition. The creature seems to have had an identity crisis in the world of palaeontology but the most recent stuff I found suggested feathers and stiff hair type structures so that's what I went with. My actual aim was to build an evolution of Therizinosaurs in palaeontology of which this would be one of the end members! &nbsp; Therizinosaur by Anthony Contoleon Therizinosaurus 2000 by David Tana An early attempt at reconstructing Therizinosaurus ( Late Cretaceous Period, China ) , using only pencil and paper. Therizinosaurus cheloniformis 2010 by David Tana Reconstruction of Therizinosaurus cheloniformis from the Late Cretaceous Period of Mongolia, China.&nbsp; Digital scan of pencil on paper. Therizinosaur by Craig Dylke &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Giant Claw by Matthew Tames &nbsp; Here is a scene of a pair of Therizinosaurs protecting their nest. &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus cheloniformis Feeding on Ginkgo by John Meszaros The&nbsp;geometrical stone structures&nbsp;in the background&nbsp;is&nbsp;a&nbsp;columnar basalt formation&nbsp;such as can be found at the Giant's Causeway in Northern Ireland or the Devil's Postpile in California. A Slap in the Face by Peter Bond A Therizinosaurus cheloniformis repells an attack by a passing Alioramus remotus on a floodplain in Mongolia, 70-65 million years ago. I wanted to illustrate one of the less-shown uses of those giant claws. Hopefully the Alioramus can afford the facial reconstruction surgery! Therizinosaurine! by Peter Bond Maniraptors: Therizinosauria by Albertonykus (From shortest to longest: Beipiaosaurus inexpecticus, Falcarius utahensis, and Therizinosaurus cheloniformis .)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The therizinosaurs were a group of strange-looking maniraptors. This caused a lot of confusion in the past. For example, some therizinosaurs (then known as segnosaurs) were thought to be prosauropods (basically all the sauropodomorphs besides the giant four-legged sauropods). It was a while before the segnosaurs and therizinosaurs were recognized as the same group within maniraptor theropods. Therizinosaurs had gigantic claws, but their tiny heads and teeth suggest they were plant eaters. To be fair, they aren't the only plant-eating theropods ( [link] ), but few other theropods show such extreme herbivory. &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by Jared Needle From a 13 (or 12) inch square of double MC tissue paper, violet/orange.&nbsp;&nbsp; Still in progress after two months. It has literally been standing like that for a month straight before I photographed it today . It's obviously missing a head. I've gone through at least a dozen attempts over the last month, and still have yet to design a satisfactory head. (I also haven't had time to work on it.) I am extremely happy with the rest of it. It came out perfect. It just needs a good head. &nbsp; We hope you enjoyed that look at all things Therizinosaurs!&nbsp; Great job, everyone!&nbsp; The new poll is up on the right sidebar, so be sure to vote for July's Time Capsule ( wouldn't you just LOVE to draw ferns?! Erm... ) As for the next Gallery, the winner of that poll is ... ICHTHYOSAURS ! So be sure to submit your Ichthyosaur by May 1st 2010!&nbsp;&nbsp; To participate in an ART Evolved Gallery, send your art along with a title and a small description to artevolved@gmail.com . We accept art from anybody and everybody ! It's hard to believe that only a year ago this site was launched! So much has happened in that time! In actuality, ART Evolved as a concept is a bit older then a year. In December 2008, Peter and myself thought up the idea of a multi-artist p alaeo -art show. However, when we contacted potential participants about such a show, every one of them thought there was enough interest to go a step further and create a proper blog. So for the beginning months of 2009, in secret, we put together and constructed ART Evolved for its official launch in March. It was one year ago to this day that ART Evolved debuted, and it has exceeded any of our original expectations. We have been featured in a magazine , been a "blog of note" on Google's official Blogger site , and most important of all hosted 6 highly successful Palaeo -art galleries . So to celebrate this epic first year, and to get in some palaeo -art on this big day, we present this B-Day cake created by cake artisan Rhonwyn Vaudrey . So happy blog day to ART Evolved, its members, and participates. We also extend a big thank you to everyone who submitted artwork, wrote posts, or just visited the site for helping to contribute to this great start. Of course it doesn't end here. Look for an equally exciting second year right here on ART Evolved! Just a couple more Therizinosaur Live Blogs to bring your attention too. The new comers include: Rachael's lino print here Craig and Peter finally launch the first tandem Live Blog. Craig's efforts here . Peter's here . Zach's Therizinosaur has begun here . Sarah begins work on her Therizinosaur here . You can also still check out the previous efforts of: Tricia now has her "evolution" of Therizinosaurs live-blogged up on Tricia's Obligatory Art Blog !!! Anthony live-blogged his Therizinosaur on Anthony Contoleon ’s Posterous ! It is still not too late to live blog, or more to the point have your live blogging effort advertised here! If you are planning on live blogging just let us know where (your site or blog that the updates will be appearing on) and when (with the date and rough time zone). You can either tell us in the comment section of this post or send us an email to artevolved@gmail.com . Till then happy live blogging! Just saw this and had to pass it on. (Thanks to Donna Braginetz of the Dinosaur Mailing list. There are very few platforms for up-and-coming paleoartists so this is very exciting: the John J. Lanzendorf Paleoart Award . Are you game? It's that time again, artists!&nbsp; Here is an overview of therizinosaurs in art, where we compile professional reconstructions of the animal in the next Gallery.&nbsp; March 1st, 2010 is the deadline for submissions for the Therizinosaur Time Capsule ! Therizinosaurs have had a long and convoluted history when it comes to reconstructions.&nbsp; Meat-eater or plant-eater?&nbsp; Prosauropod or coelurosaur?&nbsp; Skin or feathers?&nbsp; These questions led to wild variations in what a therizinosaur looked like!&nbsp; Below is a selection of therizinosaurs in art - click to enlarge ... Skeletal Reconstructions by Jaime Headden , at the University of Maryland, Geology Department Therizinosaurus by Jason Pederson Falcarius by Michael Skrepnick Therizinosaurus by Victor Leshyk &nbsp;by Victor Leshyk Therizinosaurus by Gabriel Lio Beipiaosaurus by Gabriel Lio Therizinosaurus by Luis Rey Therizinosaurus by Luis Rey Segnosaurus by Øyvind M. Padron by Tuomas Koivurinne &nbsp; Beipiaosaurus by Audrey Atuchin &nbsp; Therizinosaur by Audrey Atuchin by Mineo Shiraishi Therizinosaurus by Joe Tuccarione and... Meat-eating "therizinosaur" from the game Dino Crisis Let the comments and discussion about these wonderful maniraptorians begin!&nbsp; Therizinosaurs Go! With so many early submissions arriving for the Therizinosaurs (thanks to all those who've sent them in ALREADY!... this is the first time in ART Evolved history we've had pieces well over a month in advance!) it is time for those of us who haven't quite got there to remedy this situation. As of such prepare for some... LIVE Blogging! The schedule for this round (so far) is as follows: &nbsp; Tricia now has her "evolution" of Therizinosaurs live-blogged up on Tricia's Obligatory Art Blog !!! Anthony live-blogged his Therizinosaur on&nbsp; Anthony Contoleon’s Posterous ! Sometime in this week both Craig and Peter will be starting what they are hoping to be a most epic (and first ever) duo person Live Blog. They will be starting up at about 8-9am Pacific Coast time. It is not too late to live blog, or more to the point have your live blogging effort added to the list above! If you are planning on live blogging just let us know where (your site or blog that the updates will be appearing on) and when (with the date and rough time zone). You can either tell us in the comment section of this post or send us an email to artevolved@gmail.com . Till then happy live blogging! 
 Another view of the Maluti Mountains from Three Fountains in the Free State. For more super sky pictures go to the Skywatch site. Sunrise over the Maluti Mountains in Lesotho taken from the Three Fountains View in the Free State. Go to Skywatch for many more great pictures from around the world. These huts&nbsp;silhouetted against the sunset&nbsp;give an interesting view of a&nbsp;village&nbsp;in Lesotho. Go to the Skywatch site for more great&nbsp;photos from around the world. Make mine a dubble or should I say dubbel or is it double.......? I guess it doesn't matters. A specialist in court cases too? I think I may stand a better chance with my with my lawyer. . "Froggy, froggy may we cross your golden river?" "No!" "Why don't you rather stop for a while and admire my beauty?"&nbsp; It's amazing what you can find lurking beside the river banks. You can see the big picture or if you look more closely, you&nbsp;may see the little one as well. I came across this little fellow alongside a river in Lesotho and&nbsp;identified him as an Ornate frog (Hildebrandtia ornata). If you are interested in knowing more about these frogs click here . This is the second of my donkey sunsets taken in Lesotho. Come and enjoy the worldwide skywatch experience at the SkyWatc h site. This bald ibis vey obligingly posed for me the other day in Lesotho. I found this sign on a roadside shop&nbsp;in Lesotho quite amusing. I know what chips are, but can only guess what fats are..........needless to say that with my no fat and low cholesterol diet I was not tempted. Aside from the humour, it also shows an entrepreneurial spirit in a harsh environment, where there is a daily struggle to earn a living. This seemed like a desparate, or should I say novel,&nbsp;appeal for business in Molteno.&nbsp;I also see that some of the petals on the flower were sacrificed, to improve the view of the sign. Having just eaten a big breakfast at Aliwal North we did not stop. Then about 50 kilometres from Cradock we stopped at the Daggaboer Farm Stall to browse. For the unenlightened "dagga" is "marijuana" and "boer" is "farmer". Yes, that is the name of the farm. Apparently the name has four possible origins, but only one relates to dagga. If you want&nbsp;to hear these accounts you will have to pop into the&nbsp;farm stall and ask the owner. &nbsp;It is well worth a visit and I can highly recommend the homemade pineapple juice and ginger beer and the roosterbrood (griddle bread) And then, before resuming the journey, you can always stop in at the local loo, to have an "enjoyable farm pee".&nbsp;There is a lot of humour at the Daggaboer Farm Stall. You can also visit them on the net. At one time our travel was aimed at getting from point A to point B as quicly as possible. These days we kind of dawdle along and emjoy the ride, looking for the these types of roadside gems. 
think I did with them, they are:1) Michael Ian Black, which appears in this week's issue of Time Out New York.2) Scott Weiland, which appears in the December issue of Spin magazine (which also contains an excellent article about Echo and the Bunnymen):3) Emile Hirsch, which I banished to the Time Out New York website because he didn't give me enough stuff to work with.AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST, Chasing Ghosts, the documentary in which I am used for comic effect, is airing on Showtime all month.WHY I'M ANGRY TODAYIt's colder than 1,000 Antarcticas outside! Until ten minutes ago, I had completely forgotten that this existed. And when I did remember, I thought it had aired on Fridays, ABC's late-night comedy sketch show (costarring Larry David and Michael Richards). Instead, it was the Lorne Michaels-produced The New Show, which only lasted six episodes in 1984. When it aired, I thought this sketch was the funniest thing in the world. Wow.See more funny videos at Funny or DieWHY I'M ANGRY TODAYWhere my muffin at!? Speaking of Wayne Coyne, the interview was for an upcoming issue of Spin magazine to promote Christmas on Mars, his insanely wacky -- and just plain insane -- debut as a movie director. If you've ever wanted to see Fred Armisen plaintively singing "Silent Night" just minutes after a marching band whose members all have vaginas for heads walk over a baby and crush it to death, then by all means go see this movie.And speaking of Spin, its editors have graciously allowed me 
 Photos Of Borneo ----------- The Borneo Project (Donate!) Borneo - for most, perhaps, the name brings up nothing more than impressions of a vague, far-away and exotic place; others might associate it with headhunting tribes or wild orangutans. For myself, I had memories of intriguing silhouettes on the horizon - massive jungle-clad spires rising from azure seas, cloaked in mist . Passing the island in transit from the Solomon Islands to Bali aboard a tall ship in my late teens, I resolved to return to Borneo. In researching more about this fascinating place, I learned more of it's history and natural wonders. The world's oldest rain forest, rapidly being destroyed; incomparable scuba diving and snorkeling; local peoples whose traditions still could be experienced first-hand, yet are rapidly changing; and the chance to see rare wildlife such as the Orang-Utan . Lately, too, I had read much about the impact of palm plantations on the destruction of rain forest in this part of the world. In the media, this destruction has been linked to the rapid growth of the biodiesel industry - calling into question the very notion that biofuels will help our societies transition to a more environmentally responsible future. As an advocate of a sustainable biodiesel, I wanted to see and understand the impacts first-hand. A few weeks before the winter holidays, my wife and I discussed possible vacation destinations. At one point we asked each other where it was that we most wanted to travel to, regardless of the practicality. Borneo came to mind, and on a lark almost, we looked into airfares and cost. Surprisingly, we found that if we flew on Christmas day, we could get a really good airfare. So, with only 10 or 12 days to go, we booked our flights and feverishly prepared to fly halfway around the world. What we found was perhaps one of the most active frontiers between wilderness and traditional cultures, and the modern industrial world. As with so much of this tension, much of this revolves around questions of energy, so I wanted to write a bit in my blog about what we observed. First, allow me to situate Borneo in some context. Borneo is the third largest island in the world, larger than Texas, and is shared (not always peacefully) but Malaysia, Indonesia, and Brunei. We visited the Malaysian part of Borneo, consisting of the states of Sabah and Sarawak, running across the northwestern portion of the island; with the exception of the Sultanate of Brunei, which is a small and wealthy pocket between the two states. The interior of Borneo is the very definition of rugged. Never having been glaciated, the landforms are quite dramatic . The rain forest is home to many dangerous animals and even plants - including a tree who's sap can kill a man in minutes if it so much as touches a small open wound. Just moving through the forest is exhausting - even on a trail. The thin soil barely covers the uneven and razor-sharp limestone geology. Even on flat ground the pockmarked terrain conspires with thick tree roots that criss-cross the ground to create a forest floor seemingly designed to trip and twist the ankle of the unwary . The lowlands are largely submerged in a foot or two of tea-colored swamp, and are home to several different flavors of leech which inevitably attach themselves to inconvenient areas of the body. Massive walls of limestone rise at a punishing angles from the lowlands, creating ridgelines that are extremely difficult to traverse. A jungle trek in Borneo, even today, is an adventure . This kept colonizers - first Indian Rajahs, then the English "white Rajas" - marginalized in their real control of the territory to the coasts. Many of the indigenous Dayak peoples that live in Borneo only had regular contact with the outside world (primarily missionaries) starting in the 50's. Headhunting was a regular activity of these peoples up until World War Two at least, with many invading Japanese soldiers losing their heads to traditional, barefooted warriors armed only with machetes and blowpipes (and it should be noted, many groups were systematically slaughtered by the Japanese in retribution). We met elders who had fought and taken heads as young men, and had the tattoos to prove it. Because Borneo is so rugged, until recently all travel was on the river systems (river travel is still by far the easiest way to get around) and almost all of the peoples lived their lives on the rivers and forests immediately adjacent. As could be expected, the rain forest is a rather inhospitable place for outsiders wishing to exploit the resources. In contrast, for the indigenous peoples, the forest is their traditional supermarket, pharmacy, hardware store and lumber yard. Our guide, of Iban extraction, showed us dozens of unremarkable looking plants just off the trail, each of which had numerous uses. The semi-nomadic Dayak have lived in these forests for many centuries (at least) and their traditional culture is exquisitely intertwined with it. Our guide lives in an apartment, spends a lot of time of his cell phone, promptly answers his email, and flies between cities to meet his clients. Yet, as a youth, he learned to make fifty different kinds of traps and to hunt with a blowpipe. He estimates that he could survive for at least a month in jungle if he was dropped into it with nothing but the clothes on this back. Nonetheless, exploitation of the forests has proceeded apace since the 1960's or so; beginning with logging of tropical hardwoods. The lowlands have been drained to allow access for bulldozers, lumber trucks and a massive amount of inexpensive labor (largely Indonesian workers). A lot of this logging is now on the third or fourth pass over the more accessible areas, with smaller and smaller trees being taken out. Now that the economically extractable timber is dwindling, much land is being cleared outright, primarily for palm oil plantations. These plantations form the backbone of a tropical oleo-economy that may be as economically and ecologically significant as the corn and soy agricultural economy of North America. Those of you that follow the debates over biofuels are no doubt familiar with palm oil. This crop produces very high yields of oil from its fruits. It is farmed as a monoculture, with oil extracted using industrial-scale processes to yield a wide variety of products ranging from edible oils to chemical feedstocks. What most people seem unaware of, with all the hand-wringing about biofuels is that even without the influence of biodiesel, the spread of oil palm plantations seems inevitable. Palm oil is a crucial source of cheap calories throughout the tropical developing world. Almost all fried food in Southeast Asia and India is cooked in palm oil, and proprietors of roadside stands and small restaurants thrive or fail by the market price of this commodity. The Malaysian Palm Oil Council indicates that 90% of palm oil is consumed as food, with the remaining portion used in non-food applications (including biodiesel). This is worth repeating - at present, less than 10% of the palm oil produced globally is used to make biodiesel. The vast majority is consumed. While we were in Borneo, Malaysia was in a several day uproar over a rumor of palm oil rationing; of course, Malaysia is one of the largest producers of palm oil, but the export market had apparently squeezed domestic supply. Palm oil derived chemicals are found in many every day products like shampoo, cosmetics, and processed foods. Palm oil has even been proposed as (irony alert) an "environmentally sensitive" drilling fluid for deep-sea petroleum exploration . However, that said, the demand for high-yield oil crops to serve biodiesel demand - predominately from Europe - has lead to something of a gold rush mentality among palm oil plantation owners, who are enthusiastically clearing land in preparation for exponentially increasing demand; it takes nearly 3 years from the time a plantation is put in until the point the palms bear the oil-rich fruit. The increasing demand for palm oil and lag time until the plantations bear inevitably leads to boom and bust cycles. The current high price of palm oil fuels two contentious debates with regards to bio-based energy - global warming impact (from forest clearing) and the food vs. fuel controversy . Recently, the European Union proposed a sustainability certification scheme that would preclude the use of most palm-oil based biodiesel. This seems prudent and wise, but to date, is only a proposal. So now to the situation on the ground, by air. As I noted, until recently, the only practical way to get around Borneo was by river. However, this is no longer the case. Malaysian Borneo is now served by an excellent and affordable network of airlines, mostly flying Airbus A300's on longer routes to the bigger airports, and twin-engine turboprops (Twin Otters and Fokker 50's) to the smaller destinations. Our experience with air travel in Malaysia is that it matches or exceeds one's experience in the US, both in terms of cost and comfort. It is also an excellent opportunity to see the lay of the land. In many places, what you observe is oil palm plantations as far as the eye can see. The vastness of this is hard to overstate. One can see huge areas cleared to bare soil , with neat grids of access roads, ready to to be planted; and similarly, undulating rows of palms in various states of maturity, often surrounding isolated islands of jungle atop inaccessible spires. On the ground, the experience is repeated. Driving from the airport in Tawau to the dive spot gateway of Semporna, about an hour away, one sees virtually nothing but these plantations . It is a sobering experience to think of the biodiversity that has been annihilated by these massive developments. It is also difficult to overstate the impact on the Dayak both by the plantations and the logging. Many Dayak have moved to the cities and live very modern lives, and especially some Iban groups do enjoy political power and influence. Thus, there are certainly some cases where the indigenous groups have benefited economically - at least in the short term - by these activities. By and large, however, the lions share of the economic benefit has gone directly to the largely Chinese companies which run the logging operations and plantations, and indirectly to the mainland Malay who enable this exploitation from a political perspective. Most of the labor, as mentioned, is imported from Indonesia. We visited a longhouse as part of a backpacking trip in Mulu park. This longhouse is a traditional structure where an entire village lives under one roof. In practice, this is essentially an enormous low-rise apartment building with a large common veranda in front. The people of this longhouse still make much of their livelihood from the forest. The tourists that visit come to see the protected areas of the national park that abut these communities, even while some of the same people involved in the tourism trade illegally hunt wild boar inside the park boundaries (as they have for hundreds of years). One of the main cash trade activities is gathering wild fruit, particularly durian, from the jungle; as wild-harvested durian is considered to be the best of this sought-after delicacy and commands a high price in urban markets . The people who live in the longhouses still look to the forest, in short, for food, medicine, and building materials. Thus, many logging concessions have met with significant protest by the indigeous people, including road blockades met with government violence . We spoke to one park guide who had been active in such a movement in his home village, who had been imprisoned and beaten. In turn, he and his compatriots fashioned handcuffs from sharp-edged jungle leaves and built a jail with walls of poisonous thorns, and informed the police that unauthorized incursions on their territory from them or any loggers would be similarly met with imprisonment. In the end, such confrontation is only a delaying tactic, and this guide recognized that the only way to preserve the forest, is for the forest to produce economic activity for his village. Otherwise, there is temptation to fall prey to divide-and-conquer tactics on the part of the logging companies like substantial payoffs to prominent individuals to allow logging and plantations. While one solution is official government protection of the lands, Malaysia has at times resorted to fairly heavy-handed tactics in the establishment of these national parks. For instance, on the outskirts of Mulu park there is a Penan "settlement" where the primary activity is sales of handicrafts (trinkets really) to tourists. The Penan are not there by choice. As a semi-nomadic people with a hunter-gatherer culture that has changed little since the Stone Age, they were judged by the government to not be compatible with the establishment of a national park and were enticed (or forced) from their traditional lands about 15 years ago. They were told to choose between being Muslim or Christian, the government built homes, a church (they chose Christian mostly because being Muslim would preclude them from hunting forest game), and a school and have tried to teach them to practice agriculture. They were the most economically and culturally depressed people that we met in Borneo. Without a doubt, this sort of thing has lead to undeniable ethnic tensions in Borneo. Malaysia advertises and prides itself on being a multi-ethnic and harmonious state, but in practice relations seem strained at best. We met a ethnic Chinese taxi driver who told us not to trust any ethic Malays (as we would be ripped off); Malays who were horrified that we would hire an ethnic Chinese taxi driver (as we would be ripped off); and indigenous people who had no love lost for either group, or migrant Indonesian workers, and were deeply concerned about ethnic tensions and resource exploitation exploding into outright sectarian violence (as has occurred periodically in Indonesia). The ironic thing of course is that we were treated fantastically by everyone we met of every ethnicity; although of course, as Americans traveling in a majority-Muslim country, we were often offered direct opinions and confrontational questions about our government's foreign policies. Even as the indigenous people fight to preserve and to have access to their traditional lands, it should be recognized that the tide of modernization is not, on the whole, leaving them behind. It was no coincidence that at the longhouse, we saw few men of working age; mostly old people, children, and some young women with families. One of the activities we participated in the longhouse was a presentation and participation in traditional music and dancing . During this, one of the few young indigenous men around was taking pictures of the dancing with his digital camera - he was clearly home on a break. We met a large number of youngsters that spoke flawless English and were getting ready for their big exams to get into secondary school and then, they hoped, into university. The interior of the apartments we saw were heavy with photos of graduates in caps and gowns; the resident's children and grandchildren. The longhouse itself - though poor by first world standards - had electricity, indoor plumbing, refrigeration , and satellite TV in many apartments. The level of material wealth present - compared, for instance, to rural Africa - was very high. That Malaysia - even in these outlying areas - is not a poor country comes back to the theme of this blog once again. The petroleum industry in Malaysia is the engine. The Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpar are one of the most impressive man-made sights I have ever seen in my life. These edifices were not built on palm oil profits, obviously. Malaysia's "asian tiger" status is largely a function of oil wealth. Their policies are leading to significant investment in education for its citizens, and economic diversification (towards the semiconductor industry for instance) which is wise. However, there is a clear sense of striving towards ever increasing material wealth that is already dramatically impacting the preservation of cultural diversity, as Malaysians of all ethnicities embrace a homogenized cultural mieleu, seemingly centered on American pop music, Japanese fashion, and the most impressive shopping malls one could imagine. It seemed to me that perhaps the most popular recreational activity for young Malaysians of any ethnicity is to spend the day packed like sardines into a "cybercafe" where they play games (Counterstrike, Grand Theft Auto, and World of Warcraft seemed popular), IM, and watch YouTube. At about $1 per hour to enjoy air-con, entertainment, and socializing it is indeed a good value. It is, frankly, an open question whether the rain forest of Borneo can be meaningfully preserved in the face of this dynamic. Hand in hand with this, preservation of traditional cultural knowledge is in question; of course, the Dayak of Borneo have and will continue to adapt their cultural response to circumstances. It is likely, as in other circumstances, that the young Dayak will realize that their cultural heritage is fading and will work to reconstitute their traditions and identities. Still, inevitably much will be lost - especially if the forest is destroyed. Again, from the perspective of this blog, the question is whether renewable energy is working as a constructive and destructive force. For the Dayak that have installed micro-hydro run of river systems and now enjoy electrification, this serves to strengthen their local economy and this in turn helps them preserve the forest. Conversely, if the West sources it's biofuel feedstock from palm oil, Borneo's transformation may be irreversible and complete. In this case, the fate of the Dayak may follow that of other indigenous groups who's values, lifestyle, and location are not compatible with massive resource exploitation. Let us hope that this does not come to pass. As a closing note, I can recommend The Borneo Project as a group that is doing great to help the various groups in Borneo achieve sustainable economic activity and thereby preserve the rain forest. Please donate (link at top). Yesterday, the Berkeley City Council unanimously approved an ordinance that will finance PV systems and energy efficiency improvements for homeowners in the city. Though the plan was announced last week, I haven't had a chance to blog so this is as good a time as ever to write a few words about it. When I first heard of this, it struck me as one of those "only in Berkeley" type things and rubbed my libertarian streak the wrong way, leading to ornery thoughts. It's been a long time coming, right? How come the private sector can't get it together to provide financing for residential PV? It has always seemed like a fantastic opportunity for an entrepreneurial approach, so it seems like Berkeley is competing directly with private enterprise here. But can you usurp private enterprise, if the service isn't really being offered by the private sector? I guess not. I've come around. The way this is structured is actually brilliant and everyone wins. So in a nutshell, the deal is that the City pays the upfront cost for the installed system. Then, an assessment is added to the property tax, and through this assessment, the homeowner pays the City back with interest over 20 years. So here are the main points: First, (assuming the system is sized properly) the assessment is less than the utility savings, so it is cash-flow positive for the homeowner; and of course after 20 years, it's free power. Second, the system and the assessment belong to the property, not to the homeowner. This is critical. It means that value of the system will be properly appraised as part of the property, so there is no risk of losing the value of the system upon sale of the house. Moreover, whether an owner stays in the house for 1 year or 30 years, they still see all upside. Third, the City is raising the money with a municipal bond; the lowest interest rate anywhere; passing this through to the homeowner helps make the economics compelling. Fourth, the City gets a guaranteed revenue stream. The biggest issue that I see is that demand in Berkeley is going to utterly explode. I have a hard time imagining that nearly every homeowner in Berkeley who gets wind of this won't try to sign up. I don't know how any of the local installers will keep up, in the short term at least. This sounds like a nice problem to have, but of course the concern is that there could be a proliferation of naive, and in all probability (like in any "gold rush") some opportunistic new installers and service providers doing this work -- and doing a bad job. Of course most new entrants will be honest and competent, but it's the inevitable bad apples that worry me. Balancing exceptional industry growth and the need for installers to support that growth are the realities that properly installing 30-year service life equipment is not easy, there is a rather complex set of reliability, safety, and regulatory / rebate issues to grapple with, and customers who may not have realistic expectations due to relentless solar hype are not necessarily the easiest to please. The other substantive concern I have is if the contract with the City (and thus the assessment) includes periodic inverter replacements, or whether the homeowner is on the hook for it on their own. Modules are typically guaranteed to product at least 80% of their rated power after 25 years, but most inverters carry a 10 year warranty. This means it is very likely that at least one inverter replacement at the owner's cost over the system lifetime, and possibly two, will be required. At a couple thousand bucks a pop (depending on size) this has implications for system economics. An honest and professional assessment of system economics should assume these maintenance costs as well as the slow degradation in power output. The inverter issue is quite problematic if a new owner moves in just before the inverter fails out of warranty, and then has to either shell out cash for the equipment, pay the assessment even though they are getting no benefit, or try to get the property assessment canceled (in which case the city is left holding the bag). The city says it will roll out the plan in about 8 months, so hopefully will have the foresight to address this issue. All that said, assuming this doesn't get bungled up in red tape or political shenanigans -- and there's never a guarantee there, especially in B-town -- it seems inevitable that this idea will spread quickly. One of the most interesting aspects of solar these days is the leadership of the states in successfully setting de facto national energy policy in the current leadership vacuum at the Federal level. It appears that Berkeley has taken this one step further. Potentially, this initiative could serve as a seed crystal for a concept that could radically impact the way we produce electricity, nationally, even internationally - one town at a time. There is an excellent article on biofuels in the October National Geographic . It does the best job I've seen in any mainstream publication - perhaps in any publication - of elucidating the importance of feedstocks to the sustainability and ultimately feasibility of biofuels. The article touches on both ethanol and biodiesel. With ethanol, the article focuses on corn, sugarcane (and the Brazilian experience), and celluosic feedstocks and the tradeoffs of each. For biodiesel, soy is discussed but algae also gets significant attention, including a rare behind-the-fence photo at the Greenfuels plant in Arizona. I highly recommend picking it up for a read. It also includes a fascinating article about modern pirates in Southeast Asia. So you really can't go wrong. In other news, Solar Power 2007 was great last week. It was fun to see old friends and colleagues and there was a fantastic sense of momentum. My presentation on innovation drivers for balance of system components seemed a success, with some good questions, so that was very satisfying. I only made a couple of the other talks, the CEO forum and the closing plenary. The forum was quite interesting, with some good questions and it seemed, frank answers. Main fact - national SEIA had a lobbying budget of just $20,000 last year and the goal this year is just $60,000. This was to me, just astonishing given the amount of money spent in Washington by the mainstream energy industry. The highlight of the closing plenary was a tour-de-force presentation by the senior energy manager of Wal-Mart . I was not aware that they are far ahead of the pack in terms of energy efficiency in their stores, though of course I had heard of the solar roll-out. Apparently this is just a pilot and if successful, Wal-Mart has a policy and track record of rolling out energy innovations massively. That is truly exciting stuff. I've been thinking about this next post for a bit now. I haven't had time to write anything lately but hopefully, I'll be able to post somewhat consistently over the next few months. What's on my mind is giving some advice to the those that seek a job in the solar industry. There are lots of opportunities out there for the right people, and it's a good time to get your foot in the door. At the same time, as has been noted before, the hype machine is in overdrive. So buyer beware, especially if your livelihood is riding on it. So let me first start with a cautionary tale. On Friday, the entire board of directors and CEO of Automatic Tooling Systems (ATS) , the Canadian company that owned Spheral Solar (and conventional module manufacturer PhotoWatt ), resigned in the face of "dissident hedge fund" shareholders demanding a turnaround . ATS's foray into renewable energy (as well as auto industry woes) was blamed for this sory state of affairs. Spheral Solar was actually shut down earier this year and ATS tried to spin off PhotoWatt in an IPO in late March, but failed . Previously, Spheral was touted as the best thing since sliced bread, an amazing technology that allowed them to make flexible modules, with significantly less silicon, that (in theory at least) boasted near crystalline PV efficiency. Four years ago, the "New Scientist" wrote this breathless article about " 'demin' solar panels to clothe future buildings"; and Future Pundit wrote that Spheral would "start production in 2004" Yet as late as January 2006 the " Clean Break " blog opined, referring to a deal between building products manufacturer Elk (recently acquired by GAF) and Spheral to make building-integrated roofing materials with the technlogy, that "the product is sold before it's even been produced. Now that's the kind of certainty that investors like" . Well, maybe so, but of course that only works out if the company manages to manufacture their technology on a commercial scale. If you've been following the solar industry for any length of time, you come to realize that announcements from a company of the intent to produce, or the ability to produce, or even signed contracts to manufacture and install their technologies means very little if they don't have a track record of doing so (especially if they announced, and then failed, to go into production two years prior). The point of this cautionary tale is that there are a lot of solar companies out there these days, and there are all sots of announcements and blog posts and what-have-you that make them look like just the greatest new thing. Be skeptical, and be smart, because in the next 5 years or so I think we're going to see a significant shake-out occur in this business. If you are looking for a job, gut-check the risk level you are willing to take. If there are only a few employees, promises of lots of options, some venture funding and a prototype out in a garage - well, that's a high risk situation. Potentially high reward if it actually does work out of course. But a day of reckoning will come for all start-ups, especially if VC funded. There are a number of well known, seemingly reputable companies that have been around for years now and have yet to set up even modest manufacturing capacity or field a market-ready (i.e. all required certifications) product. There's even one which shall remain unnamed, based in Silicon Valley, which is infamous for being extraordinarily well funded - yet no one I've spoken to has even seen a prototype of their breakthrough technology. That's all well and good for a while but after several years have passed, one must begin to wonder. Conversely, there are more established players with a reputation, products, vision, and great growth potential; but less speculative upside. Look at the bigger pattern, the fundamentals, if you will. There's nothing new under the sun (ahem). Thin film was the the Next Big Thing five or six years ago, unfortunately, there were some serious reliability issues and so much for that. Now it's back in vogue. Not coincidentally, this new generation of thin film technologies (most of which is not yet commercialized) arose simultaneously with a rather prolonged shortage of polysilicon, the raw material of relatively high-efficiency crystalline solar cells. Same with concentrating photovoltaics, which saw a lot of effort in the '80s and up until the mid '90s, then largely abandoned as the price of 1-sun cells came down; but resurged with poly shortage driving silicon prices up. The high prices made thin film and CPV look good - trading significantly less silicon usage for low efficiency and mechanical / optical complexity, respectively. So now it's two or three years later. Some of these new innovators have already fallen by the wayside, others are still working towards commercialization, and one German thin film company made it past the finish line in time and is raking it in (and good for them!). But it seems that in the opinion of most analysts, the poly situation is already relaxing as many new plants come online. The question is, will these thin film and CPV solutions still be attractive in a world that is not silicon-constrained? In a world where the PV market is being flooded by low-cost, mid-efficiency crystalline PV technology from China while a few of the more technologically positioned crystalline PV players duke it out for high-efficiency dominance, and where vertical integration appears to bring some distinct advantages? Finally factor in that solar thermal powerplant technology (like the SEGS plants or, for a less proven example, Stirling dishes) looks pretty attractive for the really big centralized solar power plant market. In other words, who's going to win? It's a tough one but that's a question I would recommend answering to your own satisfaction before choosing to sign on the dotted line. Now the foregoing was perhaps more focused on the tech-type jobs but there are other opportunities out there. For instance, there are any number of installation companies out there ranging from Mom and Pops to installers that are becoming regional or even national players, catering to the residential retrofit and commercial markets. It's physical, outdoor construction work. If you have the right skill-set it's a good job and you're bound to learn something about solar. But still, do your homework, understand their business plan, and understand how the job might change if your employer goes public or gets acquired - and don't be shy about asking a potential employer about, specifically, what's in it for you in one of these cases. So - the best of luck to all those interested in getting a job in this space. If you are serious, I can definitely recommend showing up at Solar Power 2007 in Long Beach (September 24-27) and getting your own impression of the industry. There's even a Career Center and a " Find Your Dream Job In Solar" seminar. TED global recently posted some extremely interesting talks from the June, 2007 conference in Arusha, Tanzania. Among the featured speakers was William Kamkwamba, the young man from Malawi who built a homemade wind turbine for his family (see previous post ). I highly recommend the videos; two in particular are extraordinarily powerful and captivating. Moreover, they are primarily focused on identifying and strengthing positive trends, which is a refreshing change from the litany of negativity often found when Africa is discuessed. George Ayittey , a Ghanan economist, takes no prisoners in his powerful indictment of the corruption of Africa's elites while la
Because of the success of Twister and Storm Chasers, when most people think of storm chasers, they think of supergeek alpha males hauling butt over the shattered debris of saner men as they skirt the edge of a city-eating tornado.  While this is actually a surprisingly accurate description of a small number of chasers, what often gets lost in the editing is the sheer amount of miles that are driven in a given chase season.  (In the two weeks that I tailed Vortex 2, I racked up over 4,000 miles.  I think the V2 total was over 10,000 miles -- that's three oil changes in the course of a month.)  With those kinds of miles come breakdowns, especially in the case some of the more interesting vehicles, such as IMAX director Sean Casey's uparmored tank-like contraption, TIV 2.  (In fact, if you've ever watched Storm Chasers, you know that it seems Mr. Casey's TIVs break down all the time.  While this may seem like weird workmanship, there's a reason why automobile eningeers get paid so much -- you start adding a few extra tons to the chassis of a stock vehicle and putting 15,000 miles of rough driving a year on it, you're going to have a lot of service stops.) Above is a photo of Sean defusing a bomb rejiggering some wiring underneath his TIV2 in Kimball, Nebraska, June 5, 2009.   This was the day he (and Project Vortex 2) got a successful intercept in Wyoming and the day that Sean finally got the shot he'd been seeking for eight long years. Today's photo is a shot of my usual chase vehicle -- nothing much to speak of, really, considering that I don't have any antennas sticking out of it or lightbars atop of it or anything like that.  I don't keep much expensive stuff in it, either; I think next year I may even try to go without the laptop and rely entirely on an iPod touch on mobile wifi 
 Nota: Haz click aquí o sobre la imagen para entrar y ver todas las fotografías. Una verdadera pasarela de los mejores fotógrafos fue necesaria para coleccionar 30 hermosas fotografías de casas abandonadas . Todas las fotografías, han sido alojadas en Flickr por quienes las han tomado y han decidido compartirlas. Luego, fue PhotographyBlogger quien se dio a la tarea de ponerlas en un solo lugar para todos ustedes. Si deseas ver todas las fotografias de casas abandonadas , haz click aquí . Si prefieres regresar a la página principal , haz click acá . Gracias. Nota: Haz click aquí o sobre la imagen para entrar y ver todas las fotografías. Si deseas ver todas las imágenes de la vida es hermosa o life is beautiful , haz click aquí . Si prefieres regresar a la página principal , haz click acá . Gracias. Nota: Haz click aquí o sobre la imagen para entrar y ver todas las fotografías. Si deseas ver todas las fotografías de mujeres muy lindas , haz click aquí . Si prefieres regresar a la página principal , haz click acá . Gracias. Nota: Haz click aquí o sobre la imagen para entrar y ver todas las fotografías. Joergen Geerds , es un excelente fotógrafo que ha coleccionado al paso del tiempo una serie de fotos bien guapas sobre la ciudad de Nueva York . Se trata de una extraordinaria recopilación de fotos nocturnas que él ha titulado ' Luminous New York '. Si deseas ver todas las fotografías nocturnas de la ciudad de Nueva York , haz click aquí . Si prefieres regresar a la página principal , haz click acá . Gracias. Nota: Haz click aquí o sobre la imagen para entrar y ver todas las fotografías. Si deseas ver todas las imágenes de caídas fatales o Fatal Falling , haz click aquí . Si prefieres regresar a la página principal , haz click acá . Gracias. Nota: Haz click aquí o sobre la imagen para entrar y ver todas las fotografías. Interesante recopilación de fotografías la que ha logrado reunir Corcholat donde nos ilustra un poco sobre los personajes que tienen el poder sobre las naciones. Esta colección, incluye fotos de los presidentes y presidentas más famosas e información sobre el país en el que gobiernan. Si deseas ver todas las fotografías de los Rostros del Poder , haz click aquí . Si prefieres regresar a la página principal , haz click acá . Gracias. Nota: Haz click aquí o sobre la imagen para entrar y ver todas las fotografías. Hermosa colección de imágenes donde predominan los paisajes naturales, paraísos terrenales y escenarios campestres. En esta ocasión y estrenando nuevo estilo en la presentación de nuestras galerías, le ofrecemos dos páginas que incluyen la colección completa. Si deseas ver todas las imágenes de Paisajes de la República Checa , deberás hacer click aquí para ver la página número 1 . Luego, puedes hacer click aquí para ver la segunda página . Si prefieres regresar a la página principal , haz click acá . Gracias. www.BancoImágenesGratuitas.com Nota: Haz click aquí o sobre la imagen para entrar y ver todas las fotografías. El día de hoy, miré un documental sobre los hermosos y tiernos osos polares . Eso fue lo que me dio la idea de traer ante ustedes el acceso directo para ver más de 5,000 imágenes, fotos y dibujos de estos simpáticos animalitos peludos que habitan precisamente en el Polo Norte. Si deseas ver todas las imágenes, dibujos y fotos de osos polares , haz click aquí . Si prefieres regresar a la página principal , haz click acá . Gracias. 
That was a great vacation from blogging.... O.k. folks time to get back to the Kitchen....!!!!!!!! But first.... we have quite a few frustrated recipe submitters and I apologize for the delay in getting them up. Will do the best I can over the next couple of weeks to cover them all. But first is first... Remember the post on Truly Useless Kitchen Gadgets For The Chef Who Has Everything well quite a few people disagree with me..which is of course GREAT! One wrote a letter and did not leave a comment, but here it is.... Just wanted to comment on this not-so-useless device. If you do a lot of canning, you would like to have a sturdy jar lifter. After you have processed your preserves in boiling water for 15 minutes, you grab the wooden handles and put the red rubber curved ends under the boiling water around the neck of the finished jars and lift them out. this allows you to process the next batch without waiting for the water to cool enough to take out the first batch. Your picture is upside down. Elizabeth Gleghorn, MD Director, Pediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition Children's Hospital Oakland Well this just goes to show you that one person's useless device is Gold for another. And that is a good thing... So I apologize if I offended anyone with the useless devices in the kitchen, and if you think they are important then by all means... GO FOR IT!! Well Passover is upon us in a few days, so I got to go clean...UGH! But I will be posting recipes almost daily...so enjoy...and Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen is back..back..back! Tags: Cooking , Baking , Recipe , Cooking Related Appliances , Humorous Stories , Ingredients , Kitchen Appliance , Parve (Meat or Milk) Recipe , Kitchen Utensils , Kosher , Meat Recipe , Milk Recipe , Kosher Home , Spices , Single Parenting , Vegetarian , Cooking Stories "Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen" http://fireinmykitchen.blogspot.com/ This is a new one on me. Barbara over at " Barbara's Tchatzkahs " who recently sent in the recipe Muffin Meatloaf And Potatoes a la Barbara , now gives us a recipe from the "old country" and her grandmother. Here is what she writes: Today I was digging through more boxes from parents which I had in storage. My mother passed 7 years ago and I knew she had my some of Nana's recipes in her things somewhere. My Nana, of blessed memory, was one of the best cooks I have ever known. The oldest of 13 children and the daughter of 2 immigrants who ran from the Pogroms in Poland, she could make a gourmet meal out of a crust of bread and a carrot! Well, almost. And I found some of them!! Many of them are for baked goods (will share later) but I found her recipe for Harvard Beets in my Nana's handwriting. While I only like beets in borscht, this was a favorite with most of the rest of my family. Hope you can use this - I think she'd be amazed her recipes can be immortalized on the Internet now! Barbara O.k. all this is great. But first thing is first. I had to know why they are called "Harvard" Beets, and not just plain beets. So I went over to foodreference.com and this is what I found. Harvard beets are cooked beets in a sweet and sour sauce of vinegar and sugar (with spices) and sometimes with butter and/or orange juice. Supposedly created by a Harvard student (or a Yale student), there is also a story that they originated in a tavern in England named 'Harwood' and the 'Harvard' is a mispronunciation of the name. So there ya go. The reason for Harvard in Harvard beets. And now to the recipe! Nana Cecelia's Harvard Beets Ingredients: 2 1/2 cups of diced, cooked beets 1/2 cup vinegar 1/2 cup sugar 1/2 Tablespoon cornstarch 2 Tablespoon(s) butter salt to taste Utensils You Need: Pot for Stove Top Recipe Directions: Dice and boil beets until the are soft all the way through (test with a knife) Mix sugar, cornstarch and vinegar. Bring this to a boil and add beets. Cover and take off heat and let stand about 20 minutes. Add salt to taste and butter and return to low heat until beets are warm. Serve. Really, is very easy. Though I am not a beet lover. You can add orange juice which is also in most of the recipes I have seen as well. My father loved borscht with sour cream. I never did get a taste for it, but every time beets are served, I am reminded of eating Sunday Morning breakfast in "Steinbergs Restaurant" which was on the east side of Broadway between 83rd and 84th street. Amazing what memories a simple food dish can conjure! Tags: Cooking , Baking , Recipe , Cooking Related Appliances , Humorous Stories , Ingredients , Kitchen Appliance , Parve (Meat or Milk) Recipe , Kitchen Utensils , Kosher , Meat Recipe , Milk Recipe , Kosher Home , Spices , Single Parenting , Vegetarian , Cooking Stories "Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen" http://fireinmykitchen.blogspot.com/ I find it incredibly revealing to look at the statistics on the blog from time to time. Especially what people search for and what recipes they are looking for. Consistently, over the year, two different categories rate the highest. The Mac &amp; Cheese recipes and Lemon Meringue Pie . Now, personally I do understand the desire to create a great Lemon Meringue Pie but Mac &amp; Cheese is just so... well so easy, right? I am not really sure how to interpret this. We are talking literally way over 10,000 (ten thousand) hits during the year on Mac &amp; Cheese recipes! I would tend to think that simply put many people are looking for the simple, easy, and good recipes with which they can eat and feed their families without too much bother and fuss. And many of these people are simply not chefs and cooks, and want an easy way to make good food. Which is something I suspected for a very long time. But I may be reading the statistics in a way I want to see them, however, nevertheless the fact remains the Mac &amp; Cheese recipes @ Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen are very popular with Internet searches. So in honor of this we are going to present yet another Mac &amp; Cheese (coupled with mushrooms) today. Macaroni &amp; Cheese With Mushrooms Ingredients: Conchiglie Pipe Rigate One bag of Pasta - (I usually use either conchiglie (shells) or pipe rigate (elbow shells) - This should be about 1/2 Kilo or 1 pound . You can of course make less or more, depending on how many people you need to feed! Grated Cheese - Once again you can use any cheese you like. I use Mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. You will need around 400 grams of Mozzarella (14 ounces) and 100 grams (4 ounces) of Parmesan. Olive Oil - For the bottom of the pan that you put in the oven. Fresh Mushrooms (I really do not like the canned or bottled mushrooms - but you can use them as well!). 1 Teaspoon fresh Oregano (just a touch) or you can use the spice jar. 1 Tablespoon of Salted Butter - My sister adds this, I do not. Your choice. Pepper &amp; Salt to taste Utensils You Need: Oven Tempered Pot or Silver Foil Pan Colander (Food Strainer) Pot To Boil Pasta Recipe Directions: First you have to get that pasta (macaroni) ready. So put it on the stove in water, (cover the macaroni and add about another 1/3 of water to the pot. Let it cook on the flame between 12-18 minutes. The Macaroni should be soft to the touch when you are done but not soggy! So this timing is really a matter of experience believe it or not, cause it should be an almost exact science! While the Macaroni is boiling on stove stop - cut up the mushrooms and get the oven pot ready by spreading a bit of olive oil on the bottom. Pre-Heat Oven to 350º Fahrenheit. When the Macaroni is ready (remember soft not soggy! don't let it cook too much!) pick up the pot and pour it all in the Colander so now you get rid of the water. Now put the Macaroni into your oven ready dish. Take around 100 grams of the Mozzarella cheese and put on top. If you are going to add butter just drop it on the top Add the Oregano on top. Now mix it all together - (cheese, butter and Oregano.) Now mix in all the cut-up mushrooms. ( ACK! Forgot this step! Kali found the omission! ) Now take the rest of the Mozzarella and sprinkle it all around the top. Don't mix it in. This is the cheese cover. Now take the Parmesan cheese and sprinkle it around the middle or around the sides, any which way you like. (See the photo above) In the end you should have a cheese top. Now cover the dish with silver foil - do NOT put that dish in the oven without it being covered! Otherwise the cheese will not melt at a rate that the Macaroni (pasta) is cooked. Now believe it or not, this depends on the temperament of your oven. When my oven is having a bad hair day it needs say 60-75 minutes. On a day when the oven is in a good mood and does not want to do some nasty stuff to me it takes 60 minutes! What you want to end up with, is a melted cheese on top and the pasta cooked evenly. I use a glass dish so I can see the macaroni next to the glass. My kids like it crusty! Now take that silver foil off, and let the dish cook for 5 minutes, so the cheese turns a nice light golden brown. Don't burn it so be careful here! Take it out - Serve or let it cool off and put in the fridge until ready to be heated up and served. By the way this is one of those special dishes that I say - go ahead and nuke a part of it when you want to heat it up real fast and you take it from the fridge. (2-3 minutes in the Microwave is usually enough!) There ya go - another Mac &amp; Cheese! Enjoy. I love rating my own recipes. Our insane cook Paula cannot say a thing. HAH! But this is really a two - I kid you not. Not hard, easy on the hands, concentration and kitchen. Enjoy it! Tags: Cooking , Baking , Recipe , Cooking Related Appliances , Humorous Stories , Ingredients , Kitchen Appliance , Parve (Meat or Milk) Recipe , Kitchen Utensils , Kosher , Meat Recipe , Milk Recipe , Kosher Home , Spices , Single Parenting , Vegetarian , Cooking Stories "Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen" http://fireinmykitchen.blogspot.com/ The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts Decadent And Delicious Recipes Perfect For People With Diabetes By: Jackie Mills (---Due to layout of this review, if viewed in an RSS reader, certain sections may seem duplicated.) Before we begin, the review of the The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts the normal disclaimer from Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen. This book review was solicited by the publicists of the The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts and contains my personal opinion of the book. For kosher readers of Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen - This is not a "kosher" cookbook though the majority of recipes in the The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts can be used as is, or with just a few sane and healthy substitutions, can be kept kosher. It is not that difficult to find equivalent and healthy kosher substitutes these days, especially in the United States. Author &amp; Book Details: The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts is the second diabetic cookbook written by Jackie Mills, MS, RD. The other one is Type 2 Diabetes Cookbook: Delicious Recipes for Healthier Living (Published by: American Medical Association) . Of course these two books together should give the reader some idea as to where the interests of Jackie Mills lie when it comes to the kitchen. Jackie Mills, MS, RD, is an experienced writer and food/recipe writer. She contributes to many national magazines, including Cooking Light, Family Circle, Cottage Living, and Coastal Living. She was the recipe developer for the American Medical Association's Type 2 Diabetes Cookbook and has contributed to Weight Watchers cookbooks and Christmas with Southern Living annual cookbooks. Jackie is the former food editor at Redbook magazine and worked as an associate food editor at Southern Living magazine. She lives in New York City. The Book Itself: Some of these recipes are absolutely INCEDIBLE! Forget the word diabetes for a moment. They really are impressive. Man, oh man, just the names of these recipes gets your stomach juices running. But the recipes themselves are truly an art as well and Jackie Mills does not disappoint! There is no doubt Jackie Mills comes with qualifications to write such a cookbook. This is though, the first time I am actually faced with the old yet very important discussion of form versus function . One gets used to and is spoiled by incredible photographs in cook books of almost every single recipe published. Indeed, it is almost a prerequisite these days in the Cookbook publishing industry. And to be honest I was at first a bit disappointed that The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts did not have such pictures, especially since it deals with the topic of desserts as they usually do make the best pictures. Instead the publishers opted for a few pictures in the middle of the book. So as in regard to form I was somewhat surprised. But, and this is a BIG BUT , The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts has an important function , and must also be judged on whether it fulfills that function as well. Pictures will not make or break your needs of food especially if you are a diabetic, but certainly recipes will. The better the recipe the more encouraged a diabetic, or someone just interested in making sure they stay healthy, and on the lighter side of sugar, will continue using the book - and more important continue on their specialized diet. There is one more confusing aspect of this book, and though the book itself will get high marks, as it truly does contain "Decadent And Delicious Recipes Perfect For People With Diabetes" this is an oversight which really has no excuse. There simply is no overall "Table of Contents". Though the book itself is divided into sections, and each section has its own Table of Contents of the recipes in it, the only real way to find anything is to flip to the back index and begin to look quickly. Indeed in order to discover all the yummy sections in the book, I had to flip through, page by page to mark off each section when I found it. So you will have the benefit of my work! The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts has an important function, and must also be judged on whether it fulfills that function as well. Pictures will not make or break your needs of food especially if you are a diabetic, but certainly recipes will. The better the recipe the more encouraged a diabetic, or someone just interested in making sure they stay healthy, and on the lighter side of sugar, will continue using the book - and more important continue on their specialized diet. However, this is really an oversight of the layout artists, though it is a mistake and an important one that should have been caught before the book was published. Cookbooks require a Table of Contents at the front. Simple as all that. Yet, and while some of the readers of Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen may not agree, I am willing to go easy with the lack of the Table of Contents because the book's function is to produce recipes for the diabetic population, and it is published by the American Diabetes Association and all proceeds from the book go to this worthy charity. Thus, major mistakes which would get me to cringe in a recipe cookbook where the author is making all the royalties, will in this case get a mild critique and one should be willing to forgive such things in this case. So let us get positive now. The public relations piece that came along with the book is quoted below. We tend to dismiss such things, but in this case the book deserves it and you will see why later on. From Chocolate Souffles To Blackberry-Pecan Tarts, New Cookbook Offers Dozens Of Sumptuous Desserts That Are Low In Sugar And Fat Whatever treat one's sweet tooth craves -- cakes, pies, cookies, puddings -- decadent desserts are often the hardest thing to give up when on a diet. Whether someone is watching calories and fat, or is living with diabetes, limiting sweets has long been the rule -- and those who seek to substitute with sugar-free, fat-free versions of their favorite desserts are often sorely disappointed. This no longer need be the case. The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts , Decadent And Delicious Recipes Perfect For People With Diabetes, by dietitian and former Redbook food editor Jackie Mills, MS, RD (American Diabetes Association, November 2007) offers dozens of delicious concoctions -- all developed to be lower in carbohydrates, calories, and fat. From Mocha Fudge Sheet Cake to Banana Meringue Pie and from Cappuccino Crème Brûlée to Crispy Oatmeal-Raisin Cookies, most of the recipes in The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts use a combination of granulated sugar, brown sugar, honey, or molasses along with the no-calorie sweetener sucralose (Splenda®). The limited amount of sugar makes the desserts mouth-watering and enjoyable, but with carb counts that enable them to fit into a balanced meal plan. In addition, all the choices in the new book contain less than 1.5 grams of saturated fat per serving and virtually no trans fat. Despite the drawbacks mentioned above, there is a great deal of good to say about The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts. All in all it is a cookbook well worth the effort and price, especially if you have a diabetic to feed. No one is going to believe these deserts are for diabetics anyway. So you will only gain in your reputation as an incredible cook by using these recipes. Jackie Mills certainly shows us that diabetic eating has certainly changed and can be quite enjoyable. In THE BIG BOOK OF DIABETIC DESSERTS, Mills explains precisely how sugar functions in baked goods and in frozen treats, and offers tips for indulging one's sweet tooth in healthier ways -- such as brushing molasses, real maple syrup, or honey on the tops of warm muffins, loaf breads, or cakes; sprinkling a tiny bit of ordinary confectioners' sugar on a cake or batch of muffins; and using in-season, ripe fruit to accompany desserts, especially in place of high-fat and high-sugar frostings. She also includes advice for making the most of small servings of nuts and chocolate and for using spices to add wonderful flavors and aromas to desserts. In addition to the dozens of mouth-watering recipes, Mills offers helpful guidelines for better baking -- advising buying the proper pans (shiny-surfaced, heavy-gauge aluminum), using parchment paper, and stocking one's kitchen with pastry brushes, offset spatulas, and a cookie scoop. She also offers pointers for creating low-sugar, low-fat desserts, including tips on: how to test for doneness (the same timing and visual cues don't work with low-sugar baking as they do with traditional baking); how to work with a more delicate, low-fat pie crust; and how to store baked goods made with sugar substitutes (they stale faster). "You can and should enjoy desserts without feeling that you're having something second rate or that tastes 'good for you,'" writes Mills. THE BIG BOOK OF DIABETIC DESSERTS offers desserts so satisfying and delicious, they are ideal for anyone craving a sugary indulgence -- whether or not they need to watch their carbohydrates, calories, and fat. The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts is divided as follows: Great Cakes - Page 13 Quick Breads - Page 49 Sweetie Pies - Page 77 Smart Tarts - Page 107 Fruity Desserts - Page 131 Custards &amp; Puddings - Page 163 Cookies &amp; Bars - Page 189 Pleasers From The Freezer - Page 213 (I included the pages because of the lack of the TOC when you buy the book!) Each recipe has listed: Calories Calories from Fat Total Fat Saturated Fat Cholesterol Sodium Total Carbohydrate Dietary Fiber Sugars Protein This is obviously kind of important for diabetics but also equally important for anyone who wishes to be careful about their food intake. Let me say this. Some of these recipes are absolutely INCEDIBLE! Forget the word diabetes for a moment. They really are impressive. Man, oh man, just the names of these recipes gets your stomach juices running. But the recipes themselves are truly an art as well and Jackie Mills does not disappoint! I have been allowed to reproduce one recipe here. CHOCOLATE-DRIZZLED PEANUT BUTTER CAKE Makes 9 servings • Serving size: 1 (2 1/2 inch) square For a lunch box, an after school treat, a bake sale, or a coffee break, this cake is a pleasing sweet for peanut butter lovers of all ages. 1 cup all-purpose flour 1 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 1/8 teaspoon salt 1/4 cup natural peanut butter 3 tablespoons canola oil 1/3 cup granular no-calorie sweetener 1/3 cup light brown sugar 1 large egg 3/4 cup low-fat buttermilk 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1/2 ounce semisweet chocolate baking bar, chopped In addition to the dozens of mouth-watering recipes, Mills offers helpful guidelines for better baking -- advising buying the proper pans (shiny-surfaced, heavy-gauge aluminum), using parchment paper, and stocking one's kitchen with pastry brushes, offset spatulas, and a cookie scoop. She also offers pointers for creating low-sugar, low-fat desserts, including tips on: how to test for doneness (the same timing and visual cues don't work with low-sugar baking as they do with traditional baking); how to work with a more delicate, low-fat pie crust; and how to store baked goods made with sugar substitutes (they stale faster). Preheat the oven to 350ºF. Coat an 8 x 8-inch baking pan with cooking spray and set aside. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl and whisk to mix well. Set aside. Combine the peanut butter and oil in a medium bowl and beat at medium speed until smooth. Beat in the no-calorie sweetener and brown sugar. Beat in the egg. Add the flour mixture and buttermilk alternately to the peanut butter mixture, beginning and ending with the flour mixture, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool the cake in the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Remove from the pan and cool completely on the rack. Place the chocolate in a small resealable zip-top bag and seal. Place the bag in a saucepan of hot water. Let stand 5 minutes or until the chocolate melts. Snip a tiny corner from bag and drizzle chocolate over the cake. The cake can be covered in an airtight container and stored at room temperature up to 3 days. Exchanges 1 1/2 Carbohydrate • 2 Fat Calories 193, Calories from Fat 86, Total Fat 10 g, Saturated Fat 1 g, Cholesterol 24 mg, Sodium 204 mg, Total Carbohydrate 23 g, Dietary Fiber 1 g, Sugars 11 g, Protein 5 g Of course you have other great recipes as well. Ice Cream Cakes Fruit Filled Layer Cake with White Chocolate Frosting Chocolate Chip Banana Bread Devil's Food Snack Cake Tropical Blueberry Muffins Peaches &amp; Cream Pie Cherry &amp; Toasted Almond Pie Strawberry Cream Cheese Tart Blueberry-Lemon Curd Tart Fresh Berry Terrine Blackberries With Lime Cream Cherry Orange Cobbler Chocolate Velvet Pudding Cappuccino Crème Brulee Raspberry Lemon Pudding Cake Flan &amp; Pudding These are just a few of the recipes you will find in the The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts . So despite the drawbacks mentioned above, there is a great deal of good to say about The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts . All in all it is a cookbook well worth the effort and price, especially if you have a diabetic to feed. It gets 4 stars and if there had been a Table of Contents even with the lack of pictures for every recipe, I would have sorely been tempted to give it a five star rating. No one is going to believe these deserts are for diabetics anyway. So you will only gain in your reputation as an incredible cook by using these recipes. Jackie Mills certainly shows us that diabetic eating has certainly changed and can be quite enjoyable. Couple this cookbook with some other cookbooks we reviewed here at Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen , such as Tosca Reno - The Eat-Clean Diet Cookbook &amp; Holly Cleggs Trim And Terrific Diabetic Cooking , and you will have one incredible recipe repertoire and kitchen to be envied. Buy it - even if you don't have a diabetic in your house and do not cook for one. This is one great book of recipes! The Big Book of Diabetic Desserts Decadent And Delicious Recipes Perfect For People With Diabetes By Jackie Mills, MS, RD Publisher: American Diabetes Association Publication Date: November 2007 Price: $18.95/trade paperback ISBN: 978-1-58040-2274-3 Tags: Cooking , Baking , Recipe , Cooking Related Appliances , Humorous Stories , Ingredients , Kitchen Appliance , Parve (Meat or Milk) Recipe , Kitchen Utensils , Kosher , Meat Recipe , Milk Recipe , Kosher Home , Spices , Single Parenting , Vegetarian , Cooking Stories "Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen" http://fireinmykitchen.blogspot.com/ (An old recipe from Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen with pictures now added) Paula really surprises with this one! Candy Recipes! Wowsers! Who doesn’t like candy? This is fairly easy and makes a great gift idea when placed in a decorative tin. And you thought I snuck out of the kitchen! English Toffee You will need a candy thermometer. Ingredients: 2 Cups of Sugar 1 Teaspoon of Salt 1 Cup of Water 1 Cup (2 Sticks Butter) 3 Cups of Slivered Almonds (Divided) 3 - 6 Oz Packages Semi Sweet Chocolate Morsels Directions: Combine sugar, salt, water and butter. Cook to the light crack stage (285 f on candy thermometer). Stirring constantly. Add 1 cup almonds. Pour quickly on well greased cookie sheet and spread out with a metal spatula. Fast now, because it will set fast. Allow to cool for ½ hour. Melt chocolate morsels in saucepan on top of the stove or in microwave-safe bowl, melt chocolate on high for 30- second intervals, stirring after each interval until melted. Spread half on top of cooled toffee. Sprinkle with 1 cup of slivered almonds and press into chocolate. Allow it to set then turn toffee over and spread with remaining chocolate and 1 cup of almonds. When completely cooled, break into pieces. Great Idea! Candy for all and Paula said to send her all the dental bills! This is a great gift idea, and also to keep around the house. Posted On: Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen Tags: Cooking , Baking , Recipe , Cooking Related Appliances , Humorous Stories , Ingredients , Kitchen Appliance , Parve (Meat or Milk) Recipe , Kitchen Utensils , Kosher , Meat Recipe , Milk Recipe , Kosher Home , Spices , Single Parenting , Vegetarian , Cooking Stories , candy "Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen" http://fireinmykitchen.blogspot.com/ I can possibly get in a lot of trouble for this, as it appears on the web site of the International Herald Tribune . I actually read this editorial by Alex Beam in the Friday, December 14, 2007 edition of the International Herald Tribune . However, this piece so belongs in Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen , I am just going to go for it, and hope the powers that be realize that I am posting for readers who would never have read it otherwise, with all the links and with clear note that it is from the International Herald Tribune. (Click on the title and you will be taken to the article in IHT. All pictures below were added by yours truly and not part of the original editorial.) A Steady Diet Of Blubbering About Fat By Alex Beam BOSTON: A year-end fixture from the newsmagazines is The Year in Pictures, a roundup of the past 12 months' worth of photojournalism. Playboy, I'm told, used to run a feature called The Year in Sex. Maybe they still do. So here is my annual contribution: The Year in Fat. 2007 was another banner year for misinformation, swamp remedies, idiocy, and plain outright lies about diet and weight, subjects that obsess Americans far more than the future of Iraq or the solvency of Social Security. If only Oprah could promise New Hampshire voters that they would lose seven pounds - overnight! - by voting for Barack Obama, then Mike Huckabee would have to fold up his revival tent and go home. Where to begin? This spring, word arrived that Victoria Beckham, the former Spice Girl now married to underperforming soccer star David Beckham, had put her husband on a "daughter diet," in the hopes that she might conceive a female child. Supposedly Ms. Beckham insisted that David cut back on dairy products, red meat and coffee, and instead chow down on steamed vegetables, salads, asparagus, avocado, peppers and fish. Of course you laugh at the intellectual mendacity of a pseudo-diet that purports to link eating habits to your chances of conceiving. But when you are talking intellectual mendacity, don't forget the Harvard School of Public Health! Without apparent irony, two of its docs, Jorge Chavarro and the ubiquitous Walter Willett, are hawking "The Fertility Diet," which says "10 simple changes in diet and activity can have profound effects on fertility." Here is an excerpt: "The plan described in the Fertility Diet doesn't guarantee a pregnancy." Posh Spice isn't offering any guarantees either, but at least she's not charging $25. The Main Event of The Year in Fat was the publication of Gary Taubes's title-heavy, 600-page treatise "Good Calories, Bad Calories: Challenging the Conventional Wisdom on Diet, Weight Control, and Disease." Let's not pretend that either of us has read this book. But one of Taubes's widely bruited, heretical conclusions is that Big Medicine has oversold the terrors of fat consumption and undersold the virtues of eating fewer carbohydrates. But wait. Didn't the late Dr. Robert Atkins preach precisely that, only to be greeted by catcalls, howls of derision, and brickbats from the medical "establishment"? Maybe it's time to revisit the Zone Diet. The quacks are back! Later in the year, the New York Times food writer Jane Brody dropped a bomb on all those NordicTracksters who thought they could "work off" the fourth slice of bûche de Noël. Exercise is valuable, Brody opined, but not necessarily for losing weight. You'll probably eat more to compensate for the few hundred calories you burned off, plus "If you exhaust yourself by overexercising, you may do less routine activity for the rest of the day, reducing the caloric benefit of your workout." Hungry for a second opinion, I consulted Eileen Kennedy, dean of Tufts's Friedman School of Nutrition, who confirmed that "weight loss is unlikely to occur simply from physical activity by itself." I haven't risen from the couch since. Where to end? In October, my colleague Judy Foreman wrote a column headlined "Let the Post-Diet Era Begin." Judy posed the question, "Is permanent, significant weight loss really possible?" Her answer, in a word: No. Shortly after that column appeared, I received a press release from "renowned physician, author, and weight loss expert Dr. Sanford Siegal" touting his "hunger-controlling Cookie Diet." Perhaps this is worth trying. I have been self-prescribing cookie diets from Dr. Famous Amos and Nurse Fields, with equivocal results. Next came a missive from Dr. Constantino Mendieta, a plastic surgeon who boasts of graduating "Magna Cum Laud," possibly from a medical school. Mendieta claims to be the "pioneer of 'The Triple Threat,' a buttock enhancement, waist minimizer, and lower back sculpting" procedure that requires patients to gain weight "so that [Mendieta] can harvest the fat through liposuction on the flanks, outer legs, and upper/outer buttocks." Aha. "He then adds an antibiotic, injects the fat into the trouble zones, and starts to craft the shape," a procedure deemed to be "not only efficacious, but safe as well." It sounds extremely safe, very simple, and costs a mere $13,000. I only hope that Carl Hiaasen, author of the brilliant parody of plastic surgeons "Skin Tight," isn't reading this column. Mendieta might become even more famous than he would like. Alex Beam's column appears regularly in The Boston Globe. Tags: Cooking , Baking , Recipe , Cooking Related Appliances , Humorous Stories , Ingredients , Kitchen Appliance , Parve (Meat or Milk) Recipe , Kitchen Utensils , Kosher , Meat Recipe , Milk Recipe , Kosher Home , Spices , Single Parenting , Vegetarian , Cooking Stories "Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen" http://fireinmykitchen.blogspot.com/ As readers of Help! I Have A Fire In My Kitchen know, I love meeting new people through this blog. It is often a great experience and certainly expands one's horizons. Barbara sent in these two recipes below. She is a fairly well known blogger with quite an interesting background. So let me first introduce you to Barbara (Don't call her Barb though, only Barbara or B!) through the two blogs I know she runs. (Pictures below are from Barbara's blogs.) Her first blog is " Barbara's Tchatzkahs ". Now before you go off to your dictionary trying to figur
 So this photo has finally run in Vogue Girl Korea so I can finally share it with you. Back in April I was in Milan shooting the Albero for Vogue Girl Korea. It was Saturday, the last day, and the fair was slowing down so I took a lazy walk around the Giardino. I was on Via Giocatollonuevo when I looked up and saw Armeowni walking down the street. Actually, I saw Armeowni's giant bodyguard first but Armeowni was about four steps in front of him. Anyway, I stopped Armeowni and began to ask him, and quickly began asking the bodyguard (that guy moves quick) if I could take his photo. He asked for a business card ,which I didn't have on me, so he looked me over and agreed to let me take his picture. Armeowni still looked a little hesitant but I have seen him in action enough backstage at his shows that I know he likes to be shot against a light backdrop to highlight his dark ears. He began to take his one of his trademark poses but I motioned that we should move off the street and in front of a nearby building with a light background. I motioned to his ears and said something like "bene constrasto" (not to be confused with "bene catnipo"). This instantly won a few big points with him and he was very patient while I got a couple of shots. Funny thing, one of the reasons Armeowni has built such an incredible empire is he is very careful with every aspect of his image. For example, when you take a photo of Armeowni he will not look up at the camera until he has set his pose and checked every element of his look. You cannot take a picture of him until he is ready. As a photographer this is a pain but it is a perfect example of how he continues to worry about every little aspect - I have tremendous respect for that. The guy is in his 10's and is still sweating all the little details. This picture is for everyone who has told me that accessories are too distracting. I ask you, could she look more refined? Whenever you go out shooting you'll never know who you will run into! While shooting in a new neighborhood I met Silver, an assistant to Rei Meowakubo throughout the eighties and who helped design some of her most famous deconstructed pieces. Most people wouldn't even consider wearing such an obviously dated piece but Silver reminds us than every garment has it's correct context (while making it look completely effortless!). As we enter 2010, it is my wish that people will take more risks, worry less about seasons, and enjoy the playful side of fashion. 
I seldom remember my dreams; but awoke from a strange dream (are there any other kinds?)this morning. In it I was reading a newspaper story about the Titanic and in the story the Titanic had drawings of various tall ships surrounding it, barques, schooners, brigs etc.Apparently I was reading the story in a class of some kind and the instructor announced there was some controversy in the article regarding me and would I bring a copy of the paper to the front of the class.And that, of course, is when I awoke. I don't know about you, but I don't think stories that connect me to the sinking of the Titanic are, necessarily, good omens. Then again, what were all those tall ships about?And where is Freud when you need him?Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams--Ralph Waldo Emerson 
I received a fun email yesterday from Lindsay, telling me about the "Co-Ed Bent Objects Birthday Party" she had.  She and her friends created some pretty good Bent Objects-like scenarios (I especially like the burrito one), and I'm flattered that she chose my work as the theme to her party and to have fun with.Also, I shared on my Twitter a while back a link to Szymon's Inspire Me Now blog. It was quite a hit.  Need some inspiration, or just feel like checking out other people's awesome work? You should go there. Right now.Speaking of being inspired by things on the web-I've been thinking a lot lately about how I believe that the web is speeding up creative's progressions.  Of course, it's speeding up learning and sharing in every field, from scientists being able to share findings with each other in real time, to people sharing info on Twitter to form instant political protests.  My particular interest is about creativity though.  No longer do artists have to wait to have a gallery showing to get a lot of feedback.  They can join an internet group and show others their work, and have discussions about it.  No more waiting on a certain book or even  a certain magazine to come out to see what the rest of the world is doing.  The give and take between people who create is now happening on a daily, hourly, and instant basis. I find this all kind of mind-blowing whenever I think about it.  If you love art, design, crafting, film, animation, etc, these are extremely exciting times
Today was the Eastern Star School of Inspection here in Ames. Our Instructor (on the right) is Jean who threatened me with a lawsuit if I put her pictures on here. Not to worried about it. On the left is the Secretary of the Board of Custodians and a Past Grand Matron of Iowa. These women have memorized the entire Eastern Star Ritual Opening, Closing, Initiation and they come once a year to sure that the Chapters are doing the work correctly.
owser speed test.To learn more about the Mandelbrot Set, see the Wikipedia article on the Mandelbrot Set. This holiday weekend, I decided to compose the Google Chrome logo using the browser's own source code. I used a combination of Ruby, ImageMagick, and a heavily hacked PDF library to generate this poster.This is the icon that I used:Here's what it looks like zoomed in:And zoomed in some more:Download the PDF in all it's vectorized glory. (Approx 1.5MB. Please don't link directly to the poster.)Take it to your favourite print shop. Since it is based on vector graphics, it can be scaled up trivially without losing quality.Happy Holidays!P.S. If you ask me nicely, I might send you a 24-page letter-sized split of the poster so you can print it at home. (At nearly 50MB, it's too big for me to host here.) So, I was looking a place to store some of my private data, such that I could access it conveniently when I needed to. By "conveniently", I mean over a web browser at a friend's place, or in an Internet cafe.It turns out that outside of setting up an encrypted filesystem on a remote server (or doing something similarly convoluted), there really aren't any other options.The type of information that I need to store is usually of the personal kind, e.g., passport numbers, emergency contacts, financial or health information, etc. Basically, I'd like to have easy access to any information that comes in handy during an emergency but can't be easily carried around.I also really wanted
 Serge in Canada said... Thank you so much for this account, however brief, of Ethel. I always wondered why none of Harry's letters to Ethel were available. Thank you. March 11, 2010 Té la mà Maria - Reus said...explendit blog, congratulations regards from Reus Catalonia. Thank you. March 08, 2010 Joan said...Bill I have just listened to the clip and I like the way the book is presented, well done and top marks again! best wishes, Joan March 08, 2010 Anonymous said...I had to look up “nurse child”; such a sad concept. Of course, it provided an explanation in turn for Connie’s place in Harry and Ethel’s household. Thank goodness for them providing her with a loving home. The sampler is all the more special for the mistake – Annie must have been concentrating hard on her stitches! February 20, 2010 Anonymous said... Am enjoying these stories about Harry's family. I miss the blog but am so happy Harry made it safe. Will be checking often to see how rest of his life went on. Thanks Bill, this is history at its best. A loyal reader in US. February 19, 2010 Anonymous said...Love the blog and sad to see it coming to conclusion. Can I ask what the deliberate mistake is in the sampler? I keep looking at it and not seeing it. Thanks! February 19, 2010 Pte Harry Lamin said... Shall I give it away? We're too familiar with words and so don't look at them properly once our brains have decoded them. I'd guess Annie got a ruler across her hand for this - or similar. BL February 20, 2010 Anonymous said...Ah yes, now I see it. You are correct my brain was seeing what it thought it should be seeing, not what was actually there. February 22, 2010 Anonymous said...True :) but you'd be amazed how people love solving these sort of mysteries. Did you say George had a middle name? I vaguely remember that but can't see it in update? Could there be a Lacey family connection? Could the father be Mr Hutchinson? Or have I been watching too many 'Upstairs Downstairs' type dramas? :) I have solved a similar situation in my own family history, it's not impossible to do so, even at a distance. I am working on others. It may be possible to find out who Connie's father was much more easily - I think you noted she had a middle name that might have been the surname of her father? By the way I've really enjoyed your project and am really enjoying the updates now. Thank you. March 05, 2010 I don't know of any middle name for George so that isn't much help, I'm afraid. I suppose I could ask Ken, in Australia, if he knows anything about his grandfather. Connie's middle name was Wilkinson. That may a direct link to her father. I did have an email about a Mr wilkinson that sounded promising &nbsp;but, when I followed it up, got no further contact. BL colagirl said...I'm sorry to hear that the man behind the maps of Harry's progress is gone. My thoughts and sympathy are with his wife and children on this unfortunate event. Nevertheless, he leaves behind a contribution that has been appreciated the world over. February 11, 2010 Lee said...I served with Jono in the Duke of Wellington's Regiment. I saw your comments on the Dukes web site and your note on your blog. Jono was my first platoon commander in 1979. I recall that no matter how cold it was, or how windy or wet, he would always strip off to the waist and have a daily wash out of his mess tin with the tiniest flannel on this planet. This he would do in full view of his troops without a shiver, If ever I felt cold or miserable, just looking up to my platoon commander made me feel safe.&nbsp; He earned our trust in him, we would have followed him to hell he was such a leader. He guided us to the champion platoon of the battalion and steered us through 2 tours of Northern Ireland before being promoted to Captain. Later he became company commander but never forgot his boys from 4 platoon, the champion platoon.&nbsp; I attach a picture for you of the platoon, Jono is unmistakably sat centre front, I am 5th in on the rear rank.. He was a special leader, the sort you do not come across very often, and sadly you do not realise until it is too late. Many of his 4 platoon boys went on to have fulll and varied army careers. It is only later in life after working with several platoon commanders and numorous officers that one realises how good Jono was at what he did. Regards ex WO2 Lee Greenwood, formerly, Private, Lance Corporal, and Corporal of 4 Platoon led by the then Lt Wood&nbsp; February 07, 2010 Roger O'Keeffe said...How sad, and how untimely. I hadn't even registered the fact that he missed the trip, I just assumed that he was there with you, even if there was no direct reference to him in your account of it. His family must be devastated. It will be small consolation to them, but they should know that all the time that he spent contributing background material to the blog was greatly appreciated by a worldwide community. February 07, 2010 Gustav's greatgranddaughter said...'Maryland's' comment says it well: Major Woods' maps and diagrams were a wonderful addition to this blog, and greatly appreciated. Our thanks to him, and condolences to his family. - February 05, 2010 Rocco said...The 4 days adventure on the Asiago Plateau with Bill following Harry's footsteps were full of emotions. With Jono it would have been better. While we were talking of him, wondering why he didn't answer he was already gone. A very sad story. I hope his family will deal with this hard fate February 04, 2010 Maryland said...Major Wood's contributions to the blog were enormously helpful to me. I would like his family to know how much we readers appreciate his work. Our prayers go out for those who mourn his passing. Thank you, Bill, for sharing the news. February 04, 2010 Anonymous said...She was obviously much loved. January 29, 2010 Anonymous said... Nineteen years may not be much, but for Connie, they were very GOOD years. Many families of the era would have 'thrown away' a 'damaged' or born-out-of-wedlock child, perhaps leaving them at an orphanage; the Lamin family did not. Connie was loved and cherished, by Harry and Ethel, Kate and the young Willie; if they didn't talk about her much after her death, perhaps it was from their honest grief at losing her. January 30, 2010 Tricia Gurnett said...It's a lovely song, and beautifully sung. Thank you for the song, and the inspiring website. February 15, 2010 Anonymous said...Thanks for your post. This song is really fantastic. The lines are mind touching. So sweet and melodious voice. Slide pictures are nice. Thanks. February 05, 2010 Roger O'Keeffe said...Schools don't always spot musical talent. Cf. this extract from an interview with Ken Robinson, an inspiring advocate of an education that does more to let people's creativity and other gifts develop: "...I don't mean to say that you have to have failed at school before you can be a success, but an awful lot of people who did well after school didn't do well in school. Paul McCartney went to school in Liverpool and, as you say, he went through the whole of his education there and nobody thought he had any musical talent. One of the other people in the same (...) music class was George Harrison, the lead guitarist of The Beatles, and he went through school as well and nobody noticed he had any talent. So (...)one teacher in Liverpool in the '50s had half The Beatles in his class and he missed it." Google "Ken Robinson TED" for more in the same vein. January 28, 2010 I rather like being compared to Paul McCartney. I'm sure that's not what you meant, but I'll take it anyway. BL Diane said...I have loved listening to this song and reading this blog particularly as I had an uncle who was in the 1st world war but I never knew he existed until I started doing genealogy a few years ago. Unfortunately, he was invalided home before the end of the war and I have been unable to trace him after that. I was very happy and relieved to hear Harry arrived home safe and sound but I'll miss the blog. Thank you for all your hard work in letting us share Harry's story. January 24, 2010 Jo said...A lovely song which works really well with the slideshow - thank you! January 23, 2010 Parkylondon said...I turned the music down as you suggested and watched the slideshow. Nice. I then realised that the music I could hear wasn't coming from the bedroom (i.e. my wife listening to something) but my headphones. I picked them up, put them on and had a listen. Fairly quickly I realised I nearly missed out on a really good piece of music which matches the slideshow really well. Thank you for posting this. Well done. January 22, 2010 Tom Maher said...Be very proud of all of your work! Following Harry through civvie life would be rewarding, as we already have a good sense of the man. Again - Thank You! St. Louis January 21, 2010 Mecha said...Thank you for sharing, I enjoyed it because of the lovely harmony and the fact that it told a story. January 20, 2010 Kittybriton said...A lovely gentle, tender song. As much as the letters of Harry, I think it catches the mood of the readers: "What'chu doing Harry?". Together with the video it makes the thousands of men in khaki suits a little less anonymous. January 20, 2010 Alan said...Very, very moving with the images from the book and blog. Thanks so much for this project. Although I found it a bit late, I've enjoyed following it for the last 18 months or so. January 20, 2010 Avey said...Excellent! I have enjoyed finding this blog and following it for the last 2 years..... thank you. January 20, 2010 Cheryl said...Oh, it's so wonderful! Thank you for posting it! January 19, 2010 Tim Douglass said...Well done! And a very fine way to summarize all that we have experienced vicariously through the blog. Thank you! January 20, 2010 Anonymous said...Loved it! I am so glad Harry's home but I'll be lost without the blog! January 19, 2010 Inverness said...I am certainly no musician but I do know what I like..and I like this. The singer does an excellent job of bringing out the feeling and meaning of the song. Thank you once again. January 19, 2010 This set of comments is the result of a delightful session with a class of French students. Their resourceful teacher had asked me to answer their questions about Harry and his blog, in order to practise their spoken English.&nbsp; We had a Skype session with a webcam and used up a valuable and enjoyable hour. If any other school would like to repeat the exercise, don't hesitate to contact me. BL Sarah, Doulcet and Oksana said... We are students from Lycée Lebrun in Coutances (France) who interviewed you last Friday. We want to thank you a lot for your time and for your interesting and complete answers. It was a very good experience for us. Your blog is amazing, it's a very good idea. Thanks again, Sarah, Doulcet &amp; Oksana. January 22, 2010 Ophélie said...Hello, I'm a student from a French school who interviewed you last week. I thank you for this moment. I think it's a very good idea to make a blog about this, I'm very interested in this. Thanks from a French student. January 22, 2010 Captain X Hook said...hello Mr Lamin, I'm Simon a french high school student. During the interview I'm sorry I wasn't very clear. I prefer writing a comment. Thanks for all :D January 22, 2010 Anonymous said... Just a little comment from a pupil of Lebrun. Your blog is very interesting and I have learnt many things thanks to this blog. I would like to thank you very sincerely for your patience when you told us about Harry Lamin and the WW1. Bye. January 22, 2010 Anonymous said... Hi, Bill. We are the French purpils, Florina and Anais, who interviewed you last week. Thanks a lot for this time whith you. Your blog is fantasic, and it's a fabulous idea. Thanks, Florina &amp; Anais. January 22, 2010 Anonymous said... Hello Mr Lamin, We are Aline and Clémence, students of 1L2. We want to thank you for your patience and your welcome. Your blog is very interesting and we hope you will successed for your futures projects. January 22, 2010 Captain Eliott Albator said... Hey Bill! It's Eliott! Do you remenber me? Well, thanks for your blog, it's fabulous and I learn a lot with it. Bye, see you soon! =) January 22, 2010 Anonymous said...Dear Bill, to my mind it's really important to thank you, because it's a very fascinating thing to study the subject of WW1 with a real testimony like I can do with my school (I am on the French class who made an interview with you). Thank to share this with we. January 22, 2010 Marina said...Mister Lamin, To start, thank you for your interview. I think your project is very interesting not to forget the people who took part in World War 1 and not to forget their courage. Your project is admirable. Best regards from Marina. January 22, 2010 Marion said...I'm a student from "Lycée Lebrun" in Coutances (France). Last Friday, my class interviewed you. I want to thank you for your time, and congratulations on your blog, that is a good idea. January 22, 2010 Marion said...hello Mr Lamin !! Just a comment to tell you thanks for all. You can be proud of your project because your blog is really interesting and even if your grand-father was shy I'm sure he would be very happy to know his grandson doesn't forget his experience and contributes to inform about what happened. Bye and good luck for the future. January 22, 2010 Laura and Jeanne said...Hello M. Lamin. It's Laura and Jeanne , students of 1L2 in Lycée Lebrun in France. Thanks for having accepted and taking time for the interview of our class. Your blog is very interesting and unusual. We're happy to know that for your Grandparents it was a Happy end. We hope that the story of your grandfather is going to be used for a documentary. We wish you good luck for the future. Goodbye. January 22, 2010 Pauline said...Hello,Bill!! I'm a Lebrun High School student, I have studied your blog and your grandfather's letters. I appreciated very much the video conversation, it was very interesting for me. I hope your blog will carry on having a lot of success. Thank you very much !!!! January 22, 2010 Mimi said...Thank you for letting us share in Harry's life through the war. It was very moving to read his personal letters. February 25, 2010 Brett Hagan said...This is great man I personally think you should make this into a book it would be great!!!I would definately buy it fo sho!!! February 17, 2010 He hasn't heard! BL Sarah and Nick said...Wow, where to start. I began reading your blog after I read an article on CNN. I am currently deployed to Iraq and have been keeping a journal of my day to day activities...With email and SKYPE to keep connected to family there is no need to "write" home. The journal will help me pass my "memories" for my son and hopefully someday grandchildren to enjoy. I will be headed home in June to be with my family after a 6 month tour...I can't imagine what it would have been like for Harry after 16 months without leave. He is a true hero and I thank you for your dedication to his memory. May God bless you and your family. Sarah, Camp Victory, Iraq February 07, 2010 Anne said...Wonderful. I do hope Harry and family settled down well together. Must have been a bit of adjustment for all of them. Thank you so much for the blog. Look forward to reading all the ''loose ends'' too. Amersham. January 29, 2010 James said...I started following Harry in the summer of 2007. We had sheep and a smallholding, moved to Norway, had our son, have moved back to the UK. I've changed in that time. Nothing in comparison to how Harry and the world will have changed in the same time. I hope he manages/managaged to cope with the rest of his life. I'll be visiting the war graves at Nijmegen on my way home. Thanks for making me appreciate things more, realise how lucky I am January 28, 2010 vintage said...Thanks for taking the time to keep the blog going like you have. January 26, 2010 G. Tingey said...I agree with Anonymous. What happened AFTERWARDS? What did Harry do next ...... January 27, 2010 Anonymous said...The man was happy to be finally home. January 27, 2010 Linda H-F said... Harry and Bill, Thank you. Both of you. And all your comrades - soldiers and teachers and just plain humans - who somehow help to make us all more human by sharing glimpses into your lives. I'm planning to donate some blood in your honor, Harry (I haven't much money, but perhaps that is more valuable....) and then make a trip to the San Francisco, California USA WWI veterans memorial and the Presidio cemetery.... as a thank you to both of you and all your contemporaries. Thank you, Bill, for helping this history to come alive, and to help us to share the journey with Harry and his mates all these months. This is what the passing on of History really ought to be.... My parish Church has a chalice donated at Christmas 1919 as a prayer that there will never again be another war of this magnitude.... and I will think of &amp; pray for you both whenever it is used...Gratefully, Linda H-F, San Francisco, CA January 24, 2010 Robin in Ohio said...Bill, Thanks for your hard work on this blog. I've enjoyed it very much and am pleased to hear that Harry arrived home safely. Please let us know more about Harry and his family. What happened after he returned from the war? Thanks, Robin in Ohio January 25, 2010 AG said... Just back from holiday to find that Harry is home at last; squealed with glee, though now I wonder what I'll do without his semi-regular letters! (I wonder if Ethel missed the letters sometimes too, and read them in odd moments? It can be so lovely to look back on such things after it's all ended happily, can't it.) Thank you, thank you, thank you so much for publishing these -- for giving your faithful readers a glass through which to look back on the sacrifices of the Great War, and for being such a faithful curator of these precious family documents. All the best to you and yours, and I'll raise a glass this evening in Harry's memory. January 24, 2010 Sgt Sam Avery said...Hello Harry: Glad to hear you're finally home. Long business getting back there, what? As for me, still in France and making my way to the coast at a snail pace. Stop by for a read when you can. Regards, Sam PS. Bill, I know how you must feel at the journey's end. I'm dreading it myself, except for the fact that my own book project is still in the works as a distraction from the emotion of it all being "over." Best of luck with the loose ends. Rich January 24, 2010 Dieter Finzen said...Bill, Thank you so much for doing this brilliant blog – besides providing great information about the individual perspective of war, your blog was THE inspiration for future “historical blogs” to come. Even though I have just started my own historical blog, I can tell how much effort you must have put into this unique project! All the best - you wrote internet history for sure! January 24, 2010 Marcy said...When I first started reading, very soon after you started posting, I was desperate to know if Harry made it home. I didn't want to go through weeks of letters to find out he died in 1917 or something. When I got the book and found he survived, I was so pleased! but I'm also glad that I went through the weeks of letters because it's been a fantastic experience. Harry wasn't famous, he didn't become a politician or campaigner, he was just one of many soldiers who endured an awful event. Despite his modest status, to me he really is a hero. Thank you Bill and thank you Harry. January 22, 2010 meg's mommy said...This was an amazing blog and I have so enjoyed following Harry's journey. Thank you so much for all you have done. It is much appreciated. January 21, 2010 Gerri Patrick said... Three cheers for Harry and three cheers for you, Bill. Thank you for sharing Harry's amazing story with us. January 21, 2010 Anonymous said...thank you. It has been a long journey with Harry and I'm very happy he got home. Please let us know what happened of him: I hope he had some rest finally January 20, 2010 Jason R said... An amazing journey. Yes, you could not have made up a better ending. I like how short and to the point it is. Thank you for posting this amazing project. Doing it in real-time was a wonderful idea. January 19, 2010 Pfc Benjamin Kaplow said... Please accept my gratitude for taking us on your journey to honor your grandfather. His letters about his WW1 experiences are now a part of history for all to read. Thank goodness you rescued them from that drawer where they were tucked away for so many years. A huge thank you for sharing them with so many of us throughout the world. I bet you never dreamt what your future would hold as you picked up that first letter from the drawer to read. So happy Harry is home safely. Thanks for the book, too. And to top it off, I can’t get Harry’s song out of my head. I imagine it will become background music for the audio book. Keep up the good work. My very best, Florence January 17, 2010 Elizabeth said...I cried! I am so glad that Harry is safely home at long last. What happened next? I want know more about the family! Please give us at least a potted history of the rest of Harry's hopefully long life. January 17, 2010 Anonymous said... As always wonderful. Added to bookmarks. January 16, 2010 Gloria Reading said... Thank you for your fine work. I've enjoyed every word. Best wishes to you and your family. January 17, 2010 Super Bowl 44 Live Stream said... so sweet letter January 17, 2010 Anonymous said... Good post and this fill someone in on helped me alot in my college assignement. Gratefulness you as your information. January 17, 2010 Todd said...I, like a lot of people checked to see if there was any new letters every morning before I went to work. My feelings are torn between happiness that Harry made it home safe and sadness that his story is over. I truly enjoyed following his story and will miss reading about his experiences. Thank You for sharing this part of your life and legacy. Todd NC, USA January 16, 2010 Simon said...Many thanks for the interview today. Really interesting experience. January 15, 2010 Simon is a member of a class of French children who are using Harry's blog to practice their English. We did a "live" interview on Skype when they used their English skills to question me about Harry and the blog. Very enjoyable. BL Gillian said... Thank you for publishing this blog. Now to buy the book! North Yorkshire, UK January 15, 2010 elhaf said...Hadn't checked in in a while, and now just in time I came back. Congrats to Harry for making it home at last. January 15, 2010 Jim said...Woo Hoo! Harry made it through. Having young kids myself I can't even begin to imagine what the release was like for him as he held his family for the first time. Bill, sincerely, thank you for your investment in time and humanity through this journey. Lest others forget... January 16, 2010 Tim Douglass said...Wow! I've been following Harry's story since about the second page so it is going to be a bit of a shock to the system to not have any new letters to look forward to. You are to be commended, Bill, for the way you have honored Harry and also all the others who fought for their countries in the great war. January 16, 2010 Anonymous said..."Say it ain't so." I began following the blog when I assigned it to a classroom of community college history students and while they are now long finished with the class, subsequent classes have also followed Harry's journey through World War I. I can remember how excited we were to find out that he survived the war--It has been a joy and pleasure to follow along. Thank you so much for all your hard work. January 15, 2010 Two Shorten the Road said...I've really enjoyed your blog, and will miss checking in with Harry's letters. January 15, 2010 Sheila said...I can imagine how excited Harry's family were to have him home. My earliest memory is of my father returning from World War 11. He just walked into the house. I am told that the telegram announcing his arrival was delivered the following day! Although the family knew he was on his way, they didn't know which day he would come. I wonder if Harry's family were in the same situation. I look forward to finding out what the future held for the Lamin family. January 15, 2010 dean said...Kathryn has made an excellent point...you have brought us into your family (metaphorically speaking)...we have all taken Harry on as kind of a "surrogate grandfather in the War"; so I think we all hope to get a very comprehensive follow-up as to how "Grandpa" made out, and how that led to the very astute and creative grandson we have also come to very fond of. Dean Roosevelt, Toronto January 15, 2010 Kathryn S said...Until I found this, I'd never really seen the point of blogs! This has been brilliant and I'll miss checking up on Harry's progress, not knowing what was around the corner for him. I'm looking forward to hearing how he got on with the post-war period. January 14, 2010 Jim said...Thanks, Bill - it has been a genuine pleasure to watch Harry's story unfold. Really appreciate your efforts not only in telling his story but also posting the contemporary photos, maps, and the accounts of your battlefield visits. Best wishes to you and the Lamin family. From Jim in Washington State, USA. January 14, 2010 Roger O'Keeffe said...I'd already read the book to the end (the temptation to finish it was irresistible!), but still wanted to check in from time to time to know if he is home yet. The "here and now 90 years on" is still a powerful emotional draw. I'm feeling a strange emptiness now, an anti-climax. What must it have been like for Harry and all his comrades, when they finally made it home? They must have felt pretty drained, and wondered what all the preceding years of hardship were for: was it worth it? Probably nostalgia for their mates, both for those that didn't make it, and for those that did survive, but most of whom they would rarely if ever see again. Most accounts indicate that the survivors rarely said much to their families about "what it was like" - both because they wanted to shelter their families from the worst and because words couldn't adequately describe it. For many years it was only among their peers that they would open up and talk about their experiences to those who could understand. A marvellous achievement, Bill, and a great memorial to an ordinary chap who just did what was expected of him. And now it's time for me to head back to the Somme in early 1917, just opposite the British positions on the Ancre, where Dieter has had a more than ample baptism of fire but still has so much to go through. January 14, 2010 Roger, if you have a "strange emptiness now", &nbsp;it begins to explain the devastating feelings I'm experiencing. BL colagirl said...He's home! He's home! He's actually home! I can't believe it! I'm actually tearing up a bit as I sit here....What a wonderful, wonderful journey. Thank you so much for posting this blog and letting us share Harry's life experiences. I wish you (and Harry) all the best...Dana, Illinois, USA January 14, 2010 Kittybriton said...Welcome Home Harry. I'm so glad to read that you're home at long last after all you've been through. And for standing up to the Kaiser, thank you. January 15, 2010 Endeavourer said...I kept "behind" with the book until late 2009 when I read to the end and was relieved to find Harry's military career was soon to end. I feel privileged to haved shared in a small part of your adventure, Bill, in the trip to Flanders in May 2008. My granddad served in the Sherwood Foresters from 1916, he went 'over the top' twice, and though he survived the Great War his life was badly damaged by it. He lived till my teens and Harry's blog has helped me understand his personal experiences with great pride - Many Thanks! David January 15, 2010 William Watt said...Hello Bill, My dad was born 10 years after Harry and served in the Army after immigrating to the United States in 1913 from what is now Northern Ireland. He never saw any action in WW I, although his brother did, but they never talked about it. I’ve followed your blog daily and very much appreciate what you have done.Thanks, Bill January 14, 2010 The co-ordinator said...It's been a great (true) story, everything good that blogging and the internet can bring.I look forward to your final few round-ups about the characters but then I will have a gap in my daily browsing which will be difficult to fill. January 14, 2010 kathygnome said... Thank you so much for sharing these for these last few years. A wonderful tribute. January 14, 2010 dean said...I don't think you can fully appreciate how many people are much closer to their parents and grandparents because of what you have...I certainly feel much closer to my grandfather after realizing the kind of experience he also must have had. God Bless...Dean Roosevelt, Toronto January 13, 2010 Thomas Maher said...Thank you, Sir. This has been a pleasure AND a privilege. St. Louis January 13, 2010 Anonymous said...Don't stop here! I want to know what happened to him after the war - where did he find work? When were his children born, and under what circumstances? Where did he die, and how? The war letters are a wonderful start; surely he had a long life ahead. January 14, 2010 Anonymous said... I’m delighted Harry is safely home at last, although I will miss following his story too. Please do let us know how he and his family fared in the following years. I hope they were many and happy. Thank you so much for sharing your family’s story and best wishes to you. January 13, 2010 Felicia said... What an amazing labor of love this blog must have been for you! I'm relieved to know that Harry finally made it home and will have a growing family (including an amazing grandson) to look forward to in the coming years. Thank you for sharing. All the best to you. January 13, 2010 Antje said... I enjoyed reading the blog quietly, never posted a comment but I am glad he has made it home safely and lived a normal and happy life after his experiences. Thanks Bill for sharing this. Devon UK January 13, 2010 Anne Jones said... So glad that Harry is home at last. I shall miss checking up on him, and I hope life was good to him back in England. NOW I can go and buy the book. I would have been too tempted to peak at the end, and I've really enjoyed reading it this way first. Thank you Bill. . UK January 13, 2010 Bryce said...Hi Bill, This was a wonderful story, and I'm happy that it reached such a good conclusion for Harry. Like many other readers, I will be sad to see it go, and I'll certainly miss seeing new entries appear in my RSS feed list from day to day. All the best to you and yours. Bryce San Angelo, Texas January 13, 2010 Marta said... What a happy letter and such a happy conclusion. I can't wait for the epilogue with what Harry ended up doing, if he was able to and wanted to return to Trumans or if he found some other occupation. I recall he said he never wanted to be a cook after doing so for such a long time in Italy. So I'm sure he didn't do that if there wasn't an opening at his old place. Thank you for providing this insight into a war often passed over very lightly in our United States school systems. Why, I don't know. It was a very important period of history. My grandfather fought in this war too. I was happy to find several fiction authors devote novels and series of novels to this war and have fleshed out my understanding by reading these well researched volumes. Thank you again. Can't wait to read how all the loose ends of your family get tied up. Pennsylvania USA January 13, 2010 Felna said...I know a lot have said it all already, but thankyou again for sharing these letters. Like many I've been following this blog and Harry's fortunes. Thank you also for directing me to Dieter Finzen and his blog which does the same for the other side - it has been most enlightening. January 13, 2010 I'm not sure that "the other side" applies. I get more and more to feel that all the ordinary soldiers were, sadly, actually on the same side. BL Curt said... All I can say is "Well Done!"Curt January 13, 2010 Stefan said... It's like saying good bye to an old friend. Strange how much I got attached to Harry. And even since it's decades ago, I'm glad he's home. Really strange! :-) January 13, 2010 Ed Quarmby said...I've followed the blog from the very beginning and never missed a post. It's been fascinating as someone interested in history and particularly the sacrifices made by ordinary people doing extraordinary things in the
It is indeed sad that the failure of the middle order has become a subject of finger-pointing exercise; post the defeat of the Indian team against the Sri Lankans in the final test. One cannot forget the fact that cricket is a team game and the failure of a team to win a match cannot and should not be attributed to the failure or success of a couple of individuals. The performance of the Indian middle-order, especially that of the big four left much to be desired, would be stating the obvious. But to put the blame for the defeat on these men alone would be too simplistic. Cricket is a team game and the team as a whole has to own up responsibility. What is alarming is the fact that none of these India-Sri Lanka tests stretched beyond the third or fourth day. This definitely isn’t a good sign for both the teams. The Indian camp has reason to be more worried for being at the wrong end in the final test. One might be tempted to attribute this to the failure of the Indian middle-order. The Indian middle-order, made up of highly experienced and classy individuals who have lorded over some of the best spinners in the world, were ironically done-in by a pair of spinners from within the sub-continent. No doubt, these players are in their twilight years of cricket and time is perhaps ripe to find and groom replacements for some of these great men, but it isn’t going to be easy. We should learn to be patient and be prepared to face some initial set-backs for long-term gains. Fortunately, we have enough talent readily available but the enormous experience and sheer greatness of these men presently donning the Indian middle-order would be hard to replace. The Indian bowling also needs some revamp. The spinners have been no match for the Sri Lankans and haven’t been consistent. Overall, the Indian bowling remains another weak-link in the side and will need some dressing up. The Sri Lankans can be proud of beating the Indians in their own game. Never before in the history of cricket have spinners been able to dominate the Indians, as the duo of Murali and Mendis did in this series. Mendis was easily the find of the series and I am sure we are going to hear a lot more about him in the coming years. The Indians haven’t still figured him out completely, notwithstanding claims to the contrary from the Indian camp. His eight wicket haul in the final test bears this out. However, I strongly believe Murali’s presence was largely responsible for his phenomenal success. Fortunately for Mendis, Murali has some more years of cricket left in him. Together, the duo can rock some of the best teams in the world. It would be interesting to see how the Aussies play this duo! The manner in which the Indians have lost the first test to the Sri Lankans is absolutely shocking. The abject surrender in just one and a half days of play by a team which is renowned for its prowess in playing quality spin bowling is appalling, to say the least. Some of the best spin bowlers in the world have struggled to make a mark against Indians and it is disturbing that a couple of spinners from the sub-continent have dealt a crushing blow to this reputation and reduced the Indian domination of spin bowling to a myth. What is even more worrying is the manner in which the Indians lost their wickets. That most wickets fell to close-catching positions (catches at slips, forward short-leg, lbw’s, caught and bowled, etc.) is an indication that all is not well with the Indian batting. It is clear that most batsmen failed to read the balls being hurled at them and ended up messing up their strokes. To think that the Sri Lankans scored 600 runs on the same wicket, with four of their batsmen getting hundreds, is even more disturbing. There was no devil in the wicket and if at all it did, it only existed in the minds of the Indians. The Indian batting line-up was thought to be one of the best in the world, but the inept display we saw today is a cause for serious concern. If the Indians are hoping to make a come-back in this series, there was no indication of that whatsoever in the way the Indians meekly surrendered to the guile of the Sri Lankan spinners. This is not to take the credit away from the Sri Lankan spinners. Muthiah has proved what made him to be the highest wicket taker in the world, and in Mendis, he has found an able partner to rock the Indian boat. That the duo managed to do this on a “not-very-spinner-friendly track” should be a disconcerting thought for the Indian camp and an indication on what to expect in the series. The onset of Mendis seems to have sharpened the lethality of Muthiah, and unless Indians do some serious soul-searching, the series might well turn out to be a one-sided affair. Sadly, the Indian spinners have turned out to be no match for their Sri Lankan counterparts. The Indian spinners should stop looking for spinner-friendly tracks every time they need to take wickets. It is time for Harbhajan to deliver on unhelpful tracks……If Muthiah can deliver with Mendis, why not Harbhajan with Kumble? The big question when India left for Australia was whether Kumble and Co had it in them to pick 20 wickets. Not much was asked of India's 'famed' batting line-up. The reason was clear. A plethora of runs against Pakistan in familiar conditions gave them a false sense of security. There were no demons in the MCG pitch; nor was the home side's bowling menacing to warrant two sub-200 scores. In fact the wicket was more Indian than Australian and the bounce was true till the end. It was disheartening to see the Indians surrender meekly. The crushing defeat in the first Test has opened the big debate again on the famous batting line-up's ability to score runs in tougher conditions. It was the bowlers who orchestrated India's Test wins in South Africa and England. The batsmen have consistently failed to deliver when taken out of their comfort zone. Notwithstanding the odd good knock, the bitter truth is there is not enough firepower in our batting to challenge sides such as Australia and South Africa. The seeds for India's appalling show were sown in the first innings. After the bowlers had managed to keep the Aussies to a reasonable score, the batsmen failed to keep the match alive. The result was on the wall the moment India was set a target of 499. The match was lost on day two. The batsmen would have done well to get some runs on the board and minimise the margin of defeat. The shot selection of the top-order left a lot to be desired. The approach of Dravid and Jaffer continues to puzzle me. How on earth are runs going to come in Australia if batsmen continue to defend balls that have run written all over them? Scoring areas have to be identified and every opportunity has to be seized. India's strength is scoring off boundaries but they will be tough to come by on these big grounds and against Australia's watertight fielding. They will have to create plan B. It is important for the visitors to approach the remainder of the series with a positive frame of mind and not delve too much into this defeat. There is no harm in bringing in Virendar Sehwag. It is vital to have one player at the top of the order who can unsettle the attack. If Yuvraj has to be sacrificed it has be to done in the interest of the team. It will be harsh on the southpaw after just one match. But it is important Kumble gets the strategy right before it proves too late. I liked what the Indian skipper said after the match. He insisted the batsmen have to bat more freely and that to me will lift the gloom that seems to have descended on the team. Patience is wearing thin with India's poor running between the wickets and fielding efforts. The attack can do with all the help they can receive from the fielders. The Aussie intensity even in the fourth innings was admirable. The Indians can take a leaf out of that. It has certainly not been the best of starts but Sydney provides a chance for India to redeem themselves. The wicket at the SCG has always assisted spin and India should continue with two spinners. Dravid going back to his familiar number three is also important for the team's success. Bring in Sehwag at the top and force the World Champions do some thinking. The distance is alarming. What looked like a classic match up between the World 50-50 champions and T20 champions is turning out to be anything but. Each of the first three games has proved beyond doubt the difference in class. Superior athleticism has only widened the gulf. The Aussies have come here with a definite plan and a bruised ego. The strip in Kochi and the one at Hyderabad should have favoured the hosts than anyone else. Though they were not turners by any stretch of imagination there was enough for the tweakers to exploit. The team looks jaded and disoriented. The body language is negative. The third game was a bigger disappointment. Dhoni and his band should have got a measure of the visitors by now. The bowlers are suffering for lack of discipline. They are either too full or short, the three quarter length that Stuart Clarke and Mitchell Johnson hit is ideal on these wickets and the sooner the Indians resort to that length the better. The start in Bangalore and Kochi was wasted. The new ball did initial damage but the momentum was not to be sustained. It has a lot to do with the energy levels. The fielders don't swoop on the ball rather they wait for it come to them. Lack of urgency in the field is hitting the team dearly. With any other side in World cricket one can make up with brilliance with the bat or ball but poor running between the wickets, poor throwing and dropped catches all add up sizably against the World champs. Give an inch they end up with a mile. Coming to the game on Friday, M.S. Dhoni might have been a trifle unlucky with the toss. The wicket looked like losing pace as the day wore. After a good start Australia was pegged back by some good bowling by Harbhajan and Yuvraj Singh. The new rule that insists on the ball to be changed after the 34 th over has not been kind to the men in blue. Runs have been plundered in that phase. The best bowlers must be preserved for that phase. The ball might be a used one that is cleaned but there is a huge difference between a sphere that is used in practice and one that is used in a match. The hardness will be pronounced and it will come on to the bat better. It is an area captains will have to start putting some thought to. From 166 for three in 34 overs Australia plundered 124 runs in the next 16 at 7.75 per over on a wicket that was getting increasingly difficult to bat on. Once the target went beyond 260 it was always going to be an uphill climb for the Indian's. Yuvraj is doing justice to his enormous talent finally. He has always played the occasional blinder but the consistency he has brought to his game is refreshing. The team management can look up to him now for runs during crisis consistently. His shot selection has improved considerably and for a player blessed with enormous natural ability, it is only a question of getting into the right frame of mind. Yuvraj is in that 'zone' where nothing much can go wrong. Physically he did not look at his best yet played one of the best knocks in recent times. The match further showed the importance of a solid top-order. Mathew Hayden makes the difference at the top for his side with his consistency. Matches cannot be won in the Power Play phase but one can set up a solid launch pad. 75 for three at the end of 20 overs was not the ideal start when chasing a big target. The opening overs will have to be counted. The problems are aplenty for Dhoni, The team has to start believing it can beat Australia and for that to happen they have to be more positive on the field. Hearty congratulations to the Indian team. The indomitable spirit proved decisive in the end. Not having a reputation to live up to was the blessing in disguise. M.S. Dhoni, Yuvraj Singh and Harbhajan Singh did not meet expectations in the final yet India pulled it off, thanks to players accepting responsibility and not getting overawed by the big stage. It was a fearless and modern approach from a bunch of youngsters in a format that is still foreign to many. Both sides played a final which, made it worthy and only a mistake as elementary as one would get to see from the usually cool and collected soul, Misbah-ul-Haq was to be the difference between a nation rejoicing and another left in despair. There was not much to choose from the two sides. There were many positives India can draw from this campaign. The foremost being the captaincy of Dhoni who remained unruffled throughout the championship. His calming influence was the apex on which, the Indian wave rode. There was no place for individuals. Every win was constructed on the nucleus called 'team effort', it helped shatter myths. No one was indispensable. If there was one player who was unable to deliver, there were two putting their hands up to chip in. The T20 has caught the imagination of the public and this win will herald a new era. As there were one-day specialists trying to make a mark in the early '90's, there will be a set of players who will train their thoughts and mind entirely to suit the demands of this format. One thing is certain there would be no place here for pretenders. Dhoni winning the toss was a huge favour he did to his side. The pressure of a World Cup final and add the name of the opponents, it would be an uphill task to chase the most meager of targets for India. Gautham Gambhir who received so much flak for not coming good against quality opposition silenced his critics with a knock that gave his team a chance to fight. His shot selection was sublime and effective at the same time. Rohit Sharma was a revelation; the youngster came good whenever an opportunity presented itself. The target was never going to be tough if Pakistan resorted to percentage cricket. Sorry that cannot be achieved in a India-Pakistan clash. The pressure gets to you at some point and the mistakes start creeping in. Younis Khan and Shoaib Malik went into a shell and handed over the match to India. Misbah is a player who takes calculated risks and believes in the theory the match is not over until the last ball. It reminded me of the great Javed Miandad who pulled the rug from under our feet on numerous occasions. R.P. Singh delivered when it mattered and so did Irfan Pathan with his canny slow cutters. The entire pace and power had to be generated by the batsmen as Joginder, and the Pathan siblings provided them with nothing. It was a tactical ploy that worked on a wicket that slowed down a touch towards the end of the Pakistan innings. A week from now no single player will be remembered, while the whole team would be. The most defining moment would yet be the brutal assault of Yuvraj on a hapless Stuart Broad. The knock made the team believe it can test the best, and it was great to see the team carry the momentum from there. It was no fluke as the best in the business were left on the wayside. The transition has started. It is up to the selectors to try and help players from this team make a seamless change to the ODI squad. The win has ushered in a new era. Looking back the team was only a stroke away from defeat but they held their nerves. Pakistan threw away an opportunity. Misbah was better off hitting the ball straight and the shot he tried was never going to come off against the pace of Joginder. The man who took them to the doorsteps of glory muffed it with a piece of poor cricket thinking. The pressure of India-Pakistan cricket has made a Mickey out of the best and it was no surprise it even had a cool head thinking otherwise. Indian batting displayed its true strengths and potential on the second day at the oval as they piled 348 more runs in addition to their overnight score of 316 runs. Indian first innings ended at a mammoth 664 all out but not before the cricket fans were treated to a feast of batting. In Test cricket, half the match is won if the team batting first piles up a big enough total in the first innings and aims for an overwhelming result of an innings victory over the opposition. The Australians have perfected this art and hence they are the number one side in the world now. It is very special to see the Indians getting into this act and executing it in conditions away from home. Cricket is a funny game and we have seen sides squander, given the best of batting conditions. Nothing of that sort happened today and the Indians made the best use of the pitch and started from where they left on day 1. England bowling was found much in wanting and their quality was exposed a great deal by a superlative Indian batting. A tally of over 50 in the extras, wickets for part-timers like Collingwood and Pietersen, and the absence of Sidebottom for a significant part of the day, made the English bowling look pedestrian and ineffective; full marks to the Indian team for taking full advantage of the wayward English bowling and putting up a total that reflected a complete team effort. Cricket is a team game and it takes all members of a side to contribute one way or the other for writing a success story. Today, the Indian batting was no less than a spotless team effort, with almost all batsmen contributing significantly with the willow, which made the mammoth 600 plus score a reality. Tendulkar and Laxman started the day's proceedings and the latter's innings had class stamped all over it -studded with 10 glorious hits to the fence. When the best of batsmen in world cricket today is willing to wait and spend a good time in the crease, it is ominous for the opposition. Laxman and Tendulkar built 78 for the fifth wicket before Laxman was dismissed. Tendulkar's hard-working innings was once again left unrewarded as he was dismissed caught in the slips for a well-made 82. 417/6 could have easily become 450 – 460 all out, with the tail-enders meekly surrendering their wickets, but that was not to be. The determination of the lower order to contribute runs to the team’s kitty is what separates a normal team from a great team. The Indian lower order showed grit and confidence in scoring runs. The final four wickets fell to a substantial addition of 247 runs, but there was more to it than mere statistics. Mahendra Singh Dhoni was in his usual belligerent mood, smashing a quick-fire 92 of just 81 deliveries and his innings was studded with 9 fours and four sixes. The baton of run scoring changed from the belligerent Dhoni to a determined Kumble. A batsman, after getting a body blow, can easily develop mental block and fade away. It takes a strong character to show determination to fight it out in the middle, and Anil Kumble is not new to this as he had shown us in the West Indies in 2002, when he was hit in the chin while batting and still came back to bowl and claim Brian Lara's wicket. This time it was his batting that made all the difference, for a change!! He has the earned the distinction of being the first Indian to score a century in this series. This knock is perfectly befitting a man who has won many a matches for India in his glorious career, and perhaps, in his final Test in England. Kumble's unbeaten 110 was studded with as many as 16 hits to the fence and one over the ropes as well. Sreesanth, Zaheer Khan and RP Singh also chipped in with decent contributions to help Kumble reach his century and take India to a commanding position in this Test match. England have only themselves to blame for some bad bowling, ordinary fielding and mediocre behind-the-stumps effort, with byes accounting 33 of the total 54 extras, much to the dismay of Matt Prior. Wicket-keepers in cricket are best judged by the number of byes they concede and England seems to be lacking in that area as well. Lots to cheer for India on their on-field exploits today and lots to think for the England team management at the end of the second day's play at the Oval. With Kumble scoring a 100, one would fancy his bowling to come good for India. If it does happen, this test might well be remembered for Kumble’s exploits and greatness as a tough cricketer. Coming to the English batting, if the Indian bowlers can get Michael Vaughan and Kevin Pieterson out early, it will be half the match won. I am looking forward to more positive cricket from the Indians, as do the millions of you fans of Indian cricket out there. It is imperative for Team India to keep the momentum going. A closer look at history reveals that India almost immediately hand over the advantage after taking the lead in an away Test series. The latest example was the tour to South Africa where the cricket became suddenly unimaginative after the win in Johannesburg. The focus should be on continuing the good work. A win can make a team to take it a bit easy, and Rahul Dravid and his men would do well to continue with the positive ways and not get caught in a negative mindset. Sourav Ganguly proved his detractors wrong and there should be no doubt that the visitors will play the same team in the final Test. Runs are available aplenty at the Oval. The first morning might have something in it for the bowlers but from day two it should become a perfect batting strip. It would take a gutsy captain to bat first on this wicket. Batting second would be a safer option and batting last at the Oval is not a tedious job. I would expect Dravid to take field if he is to win the toss. With the lead already in hand India has a good chance of batting England out of the series. The form of V.V.S. Laxman and Sourav has provided the cutting edge. It is always important for the middle order to fire at the Old Blighty. Once the second new ball is on life can be difficult even for the batsman who is well settled. Chris Tremelet with his bounce and lift proved what he is capable of and the Indian's should have chalked out a plan for him by now. The difference between victory and defeat even for the mighty Aussies hinged on Adam Gilchrist's success at seven in the last two tours. In 2001 he had the English bowling at his mercy but in 2005 he was not half his own self and that tilted the balance in the hosts favour. It is important for Dhoni to contribute with Sourav and Laxman. One bad session and things can turn upside down. The bowling department looked no good on paper but it has exceeded expectations. Zaheer Khan has taken the burden of spearheading the attack brilliantly. Add Sreesanth's inability to deliver Zaheer's work stands taller. The success of Zaheer has a lot to do with the attention he has started to pay at what is happening at the other end. He has learnt to deal differently with each batsman. Bowling is two-way traffic. There will phases in a match where a bowler will have to get to run-control mode but that is not getting defensive it is just a part of a ploy to get to the batsmen. Zaheer has done just that and add Anil Kumble's ability to mop the tail quickly the duo has more than made up for the lack of consistency on Sreesanth's part. R.P. Singh has been the surprise element. His deceptive pace and his strong wrist is tailor made for English conditions and his ability to move the ball both ways has left even the best a confused lot. With the top three performing brilliantly, the only change that could possibly happen is R. Bose coming in place The visitors should approach the game as they would to any other. It has happened in the past, the team has tried defensive ploys when they are trying to defend a hard earned lead. It has cost them dear and this resurgent side that has shown great mental fortitude and losing the grip after gaining the lead could be a thing of the past. There may have been a bit of a stutter at the end. The rest of the Test was one smooth flow for Team India. Not for a moment did Rahul Dravid and his boys look like the side that was saved by the elements when defeat looked inevitable in the opener at Lord's. The opening partnership between Wasim Jaffer and Dinesh Karthik in the first innings swung the game so much in the visitor's favour that it never gave England a chance in the match. A handy first innings did the hosts in. As it happened at Lord's, it is difficult for a side to wriggle out of a tight corner once the momentum goes to the other side. With a lead of 283, all India needed was one good session with the ball on the fourth day to warp up the Test. It was good toss to win for Dravid and his spearhead Zaheer Khan responded well. The conditions were loaded in favour of the bowlers but it must be said that it was intelligent bowling that helped to keep England to below 200. The best part of Zaheer's performance was his ability to keep a high percentage of his deliveries in the good length area. With the wicket helping the ball to seam, it was important for the bowlers to bowl in the right areas. While Sreesanth seemed to get lost in his act of the comedic villain, the emergence of R.P. Singh as a strike force came as a breather. Rahul could ill afford two of his bowlers to be off the radar in the same game. R.P. Singh who is generally taken lightly can be deceptively sharp. His strong and straight wrist that helps the fingers to follow the seam all the way through in his action is his biggest ally. His high arm action helps him generate bounce and also to skid the ball off the surface when he bowls a fullish length. Both Zaheer and Singh were tough to negotiate as they moved the ball either way. It is not easy for the batsmen when it moves both ways and it leads to doubts creeping in. The conditions were better for batting in the second innings as the wicket had eased out. It needed a strong will and self-belief in the bowlers. They succeeded with style and panache. Anil Kumble played his usual role of mopping up the tail quickly and his contribution with the bat and his half-century association with V.V.S. Laxman were vital to the plot. It was a win where almost everyone played his part to perfection. What I enjoyed most was the ruthlessness of the Indians. They did not give a chance for England to come back in to the game. The innings by Michael Vaughan was a class act. It did not get its due as the media trained its thoughts on the Indian win. Until the English skipper was in, there was a good chance of the game to end in a draw. To India's credit, their shoulders did not droop while Paul Collingwood and Vaughan were making merry. A bit of luck was required on this shirtfront and it arrived in the form of Vaughan's wicket. Once that partnership was broken it was only a matter of time. As I had said before, the team needed the top guns to click collectively. The top-order contributed handsomely. It was the sixth highest Test match total without a single hundred. Sourav Ganguly came up with a classy knock and proved his detractors, including yours truly, wrong. The seniors in the team whose very presence in the team was being questioned came to the party and the youngsters complemented their efforts well. It was a resurgent side that deserved every inch of this famous win. 
 OK I thought the first post was long enough as it is, so here is the second part of my rig building process. The next component in question is the Power Supply a.k.a PSU. I never really thought I have to invest in something like a PSU. I didn't quite expect the choice of PSU to be of high importance and now after enough enlightenment from my fellow PC assemblers, I have learned to respect them. The choice of the PSU can either power your system or can blow your rig sky high or it can melt your motherboards beyond recognition. Power Supply Unit Corsair VX450W My New System , originally uploaded by Rakesh Ashok . As I was saying above the PSU is also a very important part of any rig. This wasn't the first choice that came to the mind of TE members when I asked for suggestions for PSU. The first was the Gigabyte Superb 460W and the second was Seasonic S12II-380W. Both these were really good products from what I read from reviews elsewhere. Then after assessing that the Seasonic was better than the Gigabyte product I decided to go with it. But unfortunately the place where I went to seek out this product haven't even of the name Seasonic. One guy even took and gave me a zebronics PSU. Zebronic and Seasonic does sound a lot similar don't they. Again I had to look out for alternatives. Thus I came upon the Corsair VX 450W. Well it was a bit too costly for me though. Nevertheless it is the perfect fit. Best features of this PSU are really quite fan and nylon sleeved wires for better wire management in your cabinet. Bought this PSU for a princely sum of 4050Rs in Richie Street. Though right now its an overkill for my current config without a GPU. But it definitely is a good choice considering the fact that I would definitely get myself a GPU probably the ATI Radeon HD5770 or the 5750. Here are some reviews to help you along with your decision. Corsair VX450W: Quiet Value PSU Corsair VX450W power supply review Will be continued... <!-- Just finished adding the motherboard section in the review of My New System . <!-- This is the song which I just can't seem to stop listening. I slept while hearing this and it was playing till morning :). The song lyrics are too good even though I had a hard time understanding most of the words since they don't seem to be the regular hindi words which I usually hear or some other kind of dialect, not really sure which one. But I love this song. Just this song alone has made me want to see this movie. So I'm definitely watching this movie. Also the picturization of the song is also too good plus the voice of Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and the laid back nature all makes this a song a super hit. Have to thank Vishal Bharadwaj for this beautiful music. Enjoy the song Dil To Bachcha Hai . I don't ever remember writing a post for a single song. But I haven't written about that many things either he he ... <!-- My New System , originally uploaded by Rakesh Ashok . After nearly 9 years I have finally upgraded my system. Till now I was using a Pentium III computer which has survived well past its shelf life. I was also getting annoyed using that system since I can't watch HD video in it, I can't play some games if I get bored, I can't even multitask since it hangs if I do so. So I decided it is finally time to upgrade my system. And this is it. I assembled the entire rig on my own. I took liberal advice from my Tech Enclave friends to decide upon the components. Here are the individual components. Processor AMD Athlon II X4 620 Quad Core Image Source: bit-tech.net I remember myself hating AMD in the early days since it was dead slow and never performed as advertised (experience from using my friends computer). But what I hadn't realized is that AMD put away all those things behind them and have started delivering better goods for cheap and is right now giving Intel a run for its money. Now my CPU i.e. the Athlon II X4 is a Quadcore processor meaning it has four processors built in one chip. This is the first Quadcore in the market that sells at around 5K. The Intel Quadcore is nearly double or more. I was initially planning on a Intel based system but was blown away by the AMD offering. Here are some reviews about this CPU. AMD Athlon II X4 620: Quad Core For The Masses At $100 AMD Athlon II X4 620 &amp; 630: The First $99 Quad Core CPU AMD Athlon II X4 620 CPU Review After reading all that review I'm sure you can imagine why I switched to AMD. I got it for 5200Rs in Chennai. The CPU doesn't get very hot so the stock CPU fan is enough for cooling it. It's totally unnecessary to waste money on CPU coolers for this CPU. The maximum temperature I have seen is around 40 degree but usually runs at around 32-34 degrees. Motherboard Asus M4A785TD-V EVO Image Source: unitycorp.co.jp Choosing the motherboard was the toughest decision I took while building my rig. For starters I had absolutely no idea about the various technologies involved. The brands, features it was mind numbing. So after hearing the first two or three suggestions from the TE gang, I started exploring those motherboards and their features. Almost all suggested the Gigabyte board, Gigabyte 785GMT-UD2H . This is a micro ATX board meaning a smaller sized board. I had decided to go with this board. When I reached Richie Street I was not able to find this board. Since I was at that time impatient I decided to go with an alternative having the exact same features. Thus I bought the Asus M4A785TD-V EVO. Well the name Asus is not new in the motherboard, infact it is among the top contenders in the market. The highlights of the board are Full ATX board supporting AM3 CPUs , DDR3, IGP (ATI HD4200), 128MB of DDR3 sideport memory, two PCI-e 2.0 slots lots of USB slots and lots more. The real plus point is that I can fit bigger GPUs in the future when I buy one. :) This board is quite heavy and it fills your Cabinet, so make sure you buy a bigger cabinet for this one. This is also the costliest component in my Rig excluding my monitor of course. It cost me 6600Rs . bit-tech.net Review - Asus M4A785TD-V Evo review Overclock3D :: Review :: Asus M4A785TD-V EVO 785G ATX Preview Read the second part of my rig building process <!-- Its hard to come by wallpapers for my E51. So I have started downloading photos and making wallpapers by cropping them and editing to suit the looks. This one is actually a picture of Trisha from her upcoming movie Vinnaithandi Varuvaya. You can use this wallpaper for other Mobiles with 240 x 320 resolution too. <!-- Good|SAM: a short film by Anthony Pierce and Hunter Richards from Hunter H. Richards on Vimeo . Voted Best short at the 2008 Salem Film Festival in the NW Shorts Category, winner if the The Northwest Emerging Artist Award. Good|SAM takes us to the long forgotten place of childhood innocence. This film reminds us that the ability to rise above circumstance is simply a matter of perspective. Written and Directed by Anthony Pierce Cinematography by Hunter Richards www.HunterHRichards.com Produced by Minimalist Films Features an Original Score by Andrew Michael Kangas &amp; Bloodworth A really beautiful short film. I know For the last two months I haven't blogged at all. So here I am back from the so called busy life. <!-- I am a big time fan of movie posters, that anyone could guess seeing my many posts on movie posters. They are the first thing which either attracts/repels you to/from the movie. So far I had been posting all international movie poster. Well I guess its time to showcase some of the local talents here as well. This poster to certain extent represents the movie's theme. We have a geeky looking Uday Chopra and an apparently ravishing Priyanka Chopra and there is this distance between the two characters, probably to suggest the difference in nature of the two characters. This movie probably takes place abroad which we can assume from the skyscrapers in the background. The butterfly and the flowers are just extras and doesn't add any meaning to the poster. I think this is my first movie poster review :). YAY! The poster doesn't seem to inspire me to go see the movie if it ever releases in Chennai ;). Let the movie release then we will come to know. <!-- Well this is the song I sometimes hear when I drive. Really gets you going :). This song is from Nickelback's 2008 Album " Darkhorse ". <!-- 
Welcome to Grade 1: "Alright students, what does an ichthyosaur look like?"&nbsp; "They look like dolphins !"&nbsp; " Whales , like whales!"&nbsp; "Yeah FISH !!!"&nbsp; "SHAAARKS!"&nbsp; "Ooo ooo, Mr. Bond , oooo???!" "Yes, Billy?" " Miga !&nbsp; They look like Miga !"&nbsp; "YEAH!!! MIGA !!!"&nbsp; " MIGAMIGAMIGAAAAA !!!!" "Settle down CHILDREN! CHILDREN! Ugh..." Miga , for the uninitiated, was an Olympic mascot here in Vancouver - part bear and part orca .&nbsp; I assume it is the orca that Billy, the made-up child in this real-life situation, is relating ichthyosaurs to.&nbsp; Dolphins, whales, fish, orca - ARE ichthyosaurs so similar?&nbsp; Or, like Miga, more of a mix of creatures? Or are we just imposing our understanding of extant animals upon extinct ones?&nbsp; What did ichthyosaurs look like? With these beautiful aquatic reptiles being the focus of ART Evolved 's next Gallery , I thought we should begin discussing how exactly they should be reconstructed.&nbsp; What are the current controversies palaeo-artists are dealing with when restoring ichthyosaurs from fossil to flesh? Darren Naish (at Tetrapod Zoology) recently (Sept. 2008) discussed a few of the assumptions we make when we think of what ichthyosaurs look like and how they behave.&nbsp; Did they really have dorsal fins?&nbsp; How much of our knowledge of ichthyosaur body shape was faked by unscrupulous preparators?&nbsp; Most aquatic swimmers ( fish, dolphins ) have a dorsal fin, two pectoral fins and a powerful tail.&nbsp; Why did ichthyosaurs retain their two hind-fins?&nbsp; In an older article , Naish ponders the question: Did they use their pectoral fins and "fly" underwater?&nbsp; There are also a few questions I'd like to ask here, confronting the traditional view about ichthyosaurs: 1) Was their skin slick and smooth like a dolphin, or bumpy and scaly like a monitor lizard? 2)&nbsp; Did they eat only squid and ammonites? 3)&nbsp; Did all genus of ichthyosaur reproduce through live birth? 4)&nbsp; Did they partake in cannibalistic behavior? 5)&nbsp; What did the huge Shonisaurs eat? 6)&nbsp; Could I have ridden one? 7)&nbsp; Isn't there an easier way to spell "ichthyosaur?"&nbsp; Maybe with less h's? I am hoping that some of our readers might have some insight into the World of Ichthyosaurs!&nbsp; Help us reconstruct more accurate creatures! &nbsp; Speak up!&nbsp; We won't bite! ...much! And to get our collective ichthyosaur brains working, watch this They Might Be Giants " Nine Bowls of Soup ," staring Mr. Ichthyosaur... Some fantastically modern artwork from 1959. Use the contents drop-down menu to go the the “Where Evolution Stands Today” article. Check out the ads along the way. I adore the way that evolution is embraced by this popular magazine and - yeah, feel nostalgic. Note: cross-posted from my blog because this is just too cool. &nbsp; When I say "Therapod" what pops into your mind?&nbsp; A sharp-toothed, fleet-footed, flesh-eating monster of a dinosaur, right?&nbsp; Tyrannosaurs, spinosaurs, raptors... But what about a squat, tiny-headed, long-necked, plant-eater? These plant-eating therapods are known to the world as Therizinosaurs - named 'scythe lizard' on account of their abnormally large claws on their hands. This family of dinosaurs (Therizinosauridae), previously know as Segnosaurs, has a strange and convoluted history of discovery, with palaeontologists at times calling them "turtle-like lizards," prosauropods, and carnivorous reptiles.&nbsp; It wasn't until the discovery of similar genus' in the 80's and 90's, that Therizinosaurs were finally classified as advanced herviborous maniraptorian theropods. Recreating an animal so recently reinterpreted takes skill, research, and time.&nbsp; The wonderful results from this process are collected below - a Time Capsule full of Therizinosaurs , recreated in glorious pencil, paint, and pixels!&nbsp; To participate in this and future Time Capsules, all you need to do is send your image to artevolved@gmail.com .&nbsp; It's not too late to join in the fun! So without further ado, welcome to ART Evolved's Therizinosaur Gallery! Click to enlarge them! &nbsp; &nbsp; A Brief Look at Therizinosaur Reconstructions through the Years by Tricia Arnold &nbsp; &nbsp; Alxasaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Beipiaosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Erliansaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Erlikosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Falcarius by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Nanshiungosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Segnosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; Nothronychus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Nothronychus mckinleyi in graphite penci l by Mo Hassan &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by Brett Booth &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by&nbsp; Luis Perez &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaur (aka Chickenosaur!) by Rachael Revelle A4 lino print - Produced as a live blog and documented on my blogsite&nbsp;' Drawn In Time '. Therizinosaurus: a creature from Jim Henson's The Dark Crystal by Sarah Snell-Pym I started off by looking at creatures I thought had similar features or habitat niches to the Therizinosaurs and then drew a 'shape' outline from a skeletal representation p199 of Vertebrate Palaeontology 2nd Edition. The creature seems to have had an identity crisis in the world of palaeontology but the most recent stuff I found suggested feathers and stiff hair type structures so that's what I went with. My actual aim was to build an evolution of Therizinosaurs in palaeontology of which this would be one of the end members! &nbsp; Therizinosaur by Anthony Contoleon Therizinosaurus 2000 by David Tana An early attempt at reconstructing Therizinosaurus ( Late Cretaceous Period, China ) , using only pencil and paper. Therizinosaurus cheloniformis 2010 by David Tana Reconstruction of Therizinosaurus cheloniformis from the Late Cretaceous Period of Mongolia, China.&nbsp; Digital scan of pencil on paper. Therizinosaur by Craig Dylke &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Giant Claw by Matthew Tames &nbsp; Here is a scene of a pair of Therizinosaurs protecting their nest. &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus cheloniformis Feeding on Ginkgo by John Meszaros The&nbsp;geometrical stone structures&nbsp;in the background&nbsp;is&nbsp;a&nbsp;columnar basalt formation&nbsp;such as can be found at the Giant's Causeway in Northern Ireland or the Devil's Postpile in California. A Slap in the Face by Peter Bond A Therizinosaurus cheloniformis repells an attack by a passing Alioramus remotus on a floodplain in Mongolia, 70-65 million years ago. I wanted to illustrate one of the less-shown uses of those giant claws. Hopefully the Alioramus can afford the facial reconstruction surgery! Therizinosaurine! by Peter Bond Maniraptors: Therizinosauria by Albertonykus (From shortest to longest: Beipiaosaurus inexpecticus, Falcarius utahensis, and Therizinosaurus cheloniformis .)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The therizinosaurs were a group of strange-looking maniraptors. This caused a lot of confusion in the past. For example, some therizinosaurs (then known as segnosaurs) were thought to be prosauropods (basically all the sauropodomorphs besides the giant four-legged sauropods). It was a while before the segnosaurs and therizinosaurs were recognized as the same group within maniraptor theropods. Therizinosaurs had gigantic claws, but their tiny heads and teeth suggest they were plant eaters. To be fair, they aren't the only plant-eating theropods ( [link] ), but few other theropods show such extreme herbivory. &nbsp; &nbsp; Therizinosaurus by Jared Needle From a 13 (or 12) inch square of double MC tissue paper, violet/orange.&nbsp;&nbsp; Still in progress after two months. It has literally been standing like that for a month straight before I photographed it today . It's obviously missing a head. I've gone through at least a dozen attempts over the last month, and still have yet to design a satisfactory head. (I also haven't had time to work on it.) I am extremely happy with the rest of it. It came out perfect. It just needs a good head. &nbsp; We hope you enjoyed that look at all things Therizinosaurs!&nbsp; Great job, everyone!&nbsp; The new poll is up on the right sidebar, so be sure to vote for July's Time Capsule ( wouldn't you just LOVE to draw ferns?! Erm... ) As for the next Gallery, the winner of that poll is ... ICHTHYOSAURS ! So be sure to submit your Ichthyosaur by May 1st 2010!&nbsp;&nbsp; To participate in an ART Evolved Gallery, send your art along with a title and a small description to artevolved@gmail.com . We accept art from anybody and everybody ! It's hard to believe that only a year ago this site was launched! So much has happened in that time! In actuality, ART Evolved as a concept is a bit older then a year. In December 2008, Peter and myself thought up the idea of a multi-artist p alaeo -art show. However, when we contacted potential participants about such a show, every one of them thought there was enough interest to go a step further and create a proper blog. So for the beginning months of 2009, in secret, we put together and constructed ART Evolved for its official launch in March. It was one year ago to this day that ART Evolved debuted, and it has exceeded any of our original expectations. We have been featured in a magazine , been a "blog of note" on Google's official Blogger site , and most important of all hosted 6 highly successful Palaeo -art galleries . So to celebrate this epic first year, and to get in some palaeo -art on this big day, we present this B-Day cake created by cake artisan Rhonwyn Vaudrey . So happy blog day to ART Evolved, its members, and participates. We also extend a big thank you to everyone who submitted artwork, wrote posts, or just visited the site for helping to contribute to this great start. Of course it doesn't end here. Look for an equally exciting second year right here on ART Evolved! Just a couple more Therizinosaur Live Blogs to bring your attention too. The new comers include: Rachael's lino print here Craig and Peter finally launch the first tandem Live Blog. Craig's efforts here . Peter's here . Zach's Therizinosaur has begun here . Sarah begins work on her Therizinosaur here . You can also still check out the previous efforts of: Tricia now has her "evolution" of Therizinosaurs live-blogged up on Tricia's Obligatory Art Blog !!! Anthony live-blogged his Therizinosaur on Anthony Contoleon ’s Posterous ! It is still not too late to live blog, or more to the point have your live blogging effort advertised here! If you are planning on live blogging just let us know where (your site or blog that the updates will be appearing on) and when (with the date and rough time zone). You can either tell us in the comment section of this post or send us an email to artevolved@gmail.com . Till then happy live blogging! Just saw this and had to pass it on. (Thanks to Donna Braginetz of the Dinosaur Mailing list. There are very few platforms for up-and-coming paleoartists so this is very exciting: the John J. Lanzendorf Paleoart Award . Are you game? It's that time again, artists!&nbsp; Here is an overview of therizinosaurs in art, where we compile professional reconstructions of the animal in the next Gallery.&nbsp; March 1st, 2010 is the deadline for submissions for the Therizinosaur Time Capsule ! Therizinosaurs have had a long and convoluted history when it comes to reconstructions.&nbsp; Meat-eater or plant-eater?&nbsp; Prosauropod or coelurosaur?&nbsp; Skin or feathers?&nbsp; These questions led to wild variations in what a therizinosaur looked like!&nbsp; Below is a selection of therizinosaurs in art - click to enlarge ... Skeletal Reconstructions by Jaime Headden , at the University of Maryland, Geology Department Therizinosaurus by Jason Pederson Falcarius by Michael Skrepnick Therizinosaurus by Victor Leshyk &nbsp;by Victor Leshyk Therizinosaurus by Gabriel Lio Beipiaosaurus by Gabriel Lio Therizinosaurus by Luis Rey Therizinosaurus by Luis Rey Segnosaurus by Øyvind M. Padron by Tuomas Koivurinne &nbsp; Beipiaosaurus by Audrey Atuchin &nbsp; Therizinosaur by Audrey Atuchin by Mineo Shiraishi Therizinosaurus by Joe Tuccarione and... Meat-eating "therizinosaur" from the game Dino Crisis Let the comments and discussion about these wonderful maniraptorians begin!&nbsp; Therizinosaurs Go! With so many early submissions arriving for the Therizinosaurs (thanks to all those who've sent them in ALREADY!... this is the first time in ART Evolved history we've had pieces well over a month in advance!) it is time for those of us who haven't quite got there to remedy this situation. As of such prepare for some... LIVE Blogging! The schedule for this round (so far) is as follows: &nbsp; Tricia now has her "evolution" of Therizinosaurs live-blogged up on Tricia's Obligatory Art Blog !!! Anthony live-blogged his Therizinosaur on&nbsp; Anthony Contoleon’s Posterous ! Sometime in this week both Craig and Peter will be starting what they are hoping to be a most epic (and first ever) duo person Live Blog. They will be starting up at about 8-9am Pacific Coast time. It is not too late to live blog, or more to the point have your live blogging effort added to the list above! If you are planning on live blogging just let us know where (your site or blog that the updates will be appearing on) and when (with the date and rough time zone). You can either tell us in the comment section of this post or send us an email to artevolved@gmail.com . Till then happy live blogging! 
 i know, it was early, but they had it on Saturday for some reason. it also rained cats and dogs. Reporters in the rotunda. Today I shot two portraits. Both left me frustrated, both were my own fault. I just couldn't get them to go right, I was taking too long then the people started getting impatient, in turn the impatience with myself grew and I am left with a handful of "missing it" photos and none that really get the job done. I have been exchanging emails with a student over the past few days regarding portraiture; and after today I feel a bit like a hypocrite. I shot this photo of the Cricket a few days ago and the entire shoot lasted about 7 seconds. I didn't really pose her, just told her to freeze while I grabbed my camera. There is a magic in some portraits that no matter how hard you try you just can't extract in other situations. What worked two days ago with little to no effort couldn't be replicated even with exponentially more time today. Weird. We had escaped to Arizona to feel some heat on our skin and breathe that lingering citrus and desert smell. I was laying in the backyard, my arms tired from a canoe ride that morning and little wooden plates of cheese, crackers and hummus appear from the house and the family gets their picnic on. Half knowingly I left my camera sitting for most of the trip but had to pick it up just to remember how nice it felt to sit on the lawn with the Cricket and her family, feel springs sneak peek, mix German and English mid sentence and eat good cheese. This is Manfred, visiting from Berlin and thoroughly enjoying all that surrounded us. The Bishop of Salt Lake City had some nice light going on at a concert downtown. I had to shoot a fire/suspected arson a few nights ago. It always amazes me how open some people can be in a tragic situation. This mother, her mother and two kids were woken up by a neighbor banging on the door telling them to get out of the house. They didn't have time to get sweaters or coats and had been outside in a Utah winter for at least 25 minutes by the time I arrived. I chatted with them for a bit, they were obviously still shook up and worrying about where they were going to sleep. I asked if I could shoot a few photos for the paper and they said that was fine. I stuck around and we talked for a bit and I started to wonder why they were so open and friendly to a stranger hired to be privy to their problems. These things have been in my mind quite a bit since returning from Haiti. There has been quite a bit of talk about the morality and ethics of photojournalists in Haiti following the quake. I read some of it and had to open up a bit so I wouldn't get too defensive while reading the criticisms of some of the media working down there. I am not afraid of good dialogue so I left a few comments on some of these critical blog postings. My feeling was that, in some cases 'being there' and documenting someones life is an implicit display of respect for the value of the situation. Joy and her mother Sandra (pictured) further cemented this idea for me. There is an entire discussion regarding photographic approach and sensationalism which belongs to this examination, but for this post, I'll just assume that you know what I mean. The problem is that there are hundreds of variables in every sit uation where photos are taken in the name of photojournalism, so an application of some overarching philosophy has it's faults. But as far as this little family is concerned, I felt like they were open to me in that moment because that respect was apparent. Maybe not, but I wanted to at least precede Haiti photos with some sort of introduction into how I feel about what I do and those in the photographs. LGBT community protesting some remarks made in association with the announcement that their issues aren't on the schedule for the Legislative Calendar this year. Whether you are aligned with them or not, it seems like a real cop out from the law makers to just avoid a group of issues...especially when it's coincidentally an election year. Sometimes as a photojournalist you are right in the thick of things and still don't get the full story. From what common sense tells me, avoiding an issue that is obviously really important to large groups of people doesn't seem like representation. Anyone who knows more, specifically about this here in SL is welcome to comment, wouldn't mind being enlightened. 
 During my trip to Australia in October-November, I visited a few different places but Melbourne was the place that I stayed in between and also spent the rest of my trip. Most people who have been there would know about the unpredictable weather. I don't really like the cold weather but the temperatures in Melbourne were not as damn cold as Hanoi because the humidity is quite low. This trip I feel was very special as it was the second time and I was invited out for dinner a lot by my friend's relatives. I was a bit lazy after the trip and with the blogging. But, once again, I would like to thank them all in this post. I may have missed out someone and please forgive me. I would like to show my special appreciation to Liz, Mark's mother who took care of me for most of the time when I was in Melbourne and also joined the beautiful trip to Tassie. Liz also arranged quite a few different parties to welcome, farewell and for other reasons. I really enjoyed her famous lasagne , one of the best dishes I've had. Sarah and Chris' family is the second to thank as I went to their house many times for dinner. Sarah is a great cook and she can use her talents to cook even the left overs into a beautiful meal. I was really impressed about her food and her food's presentation. I enjoyed your food and great company of your family especially Harvey, Eden and Rosie. They are gorgeous. The third family is Catherine's, Liz's sister. Yes, I love your old house and the Greek meal which reminded me heaps about Greece and was a nice way to remember meeting Cathy and her family in Santorini in 2008. The grilled lamb, salad and dessert was delicious. Thanks alot for the great evening and funny stories about the Melbourne Cup and Nana. Just loved it !!! Emma, Mark's cousin, and her friend Bec travelled around Vietnam at the end of 2008 and this was such a great chance to catch up again and remind each other about some funny stories about riding on the back of the motorbike and being a bit drunk at parties. Thanks Emma, Sam, Luke, Gerry, Damian and their friends that gave me a memorable dinner with beautiful food and wine. Sam is such a gentlemen and really loved his design of the house. Megan, yes, how can I forget about you:). Thanks for the BBQ and great time with your friends. Lisa was very nice and hilarious plus the special discount I got from her work. I do appreciate it very much. Also I would like to thank John who allowed me to stay down there in Anglesea. I can't believe how quickly Angus and Myee have grown up. I was very impressed about your family's zoo. John freaked me out when he showed me the huge lizard. Very warm family atmosphere!!!! Special memory for me was the lady with the saucy beige hair, that's Nana. I love her hair color and her old house. It was really nice seeing Nana again and spending time at Crown but hope we are luckier next time. Thanks all once again for having me and giving me such a great time and looking forward to seeing you again very soon. I spent two weeks in Phu Quoc and everything seemed perfect with great weather and beautiful food, especially the seafood. But as always, there were some issues that came up I went out for lunch on one particular day, walking along the beach just up from the bungalows we stayed at to try to have some different food instead of going into town. Unfortunately, it was a mistake to choose the Lien Hiep Thanh Hotel and Restaurant right on the beach. I ordered grilled squid with salt and chilli, spring rolls and sour broth with tuna. It sounded great as these are specialist dishes from Phu Quoc and most places I've been they had been so nice and yummy. Well, they served us boiled squid instead of grilled and I told the waiter that it was not what we ordered in a polite way but he denied it, telling me this is their restaurant's grilling technique. I was a bit upset and I ended up taking it back to the kitchen myself and they promised to make a new dish for me. Ten minutes later, the same plate came back with the half bitten piece of squid. I couldn't say a word as they were so hopeless and they waiter tried to make a joke but it turned out all stupid. The sour broth with tuna which should be great as it's simple to make was tasteless, the tuna wasn't cooked enough and, if that wasn't enough, the spring rolls tasted like they were from the super market. Totally sucked down there at the Lien Thanh!!!! No tip and worst meal of my life. On another point, I was expecting the food at the night market to be cheap but it didn't work that way. Most restaurants at the night market were more expensive than restaurants in town and in the hotel. A prawn cost $4, 4 pieces of squid cost $5, a pice of tuna cost $5. Hello!!! this is Phu Quoc, an island where you can catch fish anywhere. Yesterday we wanted to find something different for breakfast after tennis. After wandering around, we stopped at a chicken and duck noodle and salad stand. We ordered one bowl of vemicelli with chicken and one noodle soup with chicken. We thought that'd be ok and cheap but the lady kept asking us about our order and confusing us. Other people in the restaurant are shaking their heads. I didn't really understand if their reaction meant that they knew her or what? Anyway, we ended up with two bowls of vemicelli with chicken and it costs 150,000VND. I couldn't say a thing, I was so shocked. I couldn't believe my ears. I thought she's probably going to say it's New Year which is a common excuse to rip tourists off. She didn't say anything. We just had to accept her price! I told people from the hotel and they thought I was joking. This really pisses me off and this is not the first time as well. My friends invited me to have dinner at a Thai restaurant in Vincom Tower a few weeks ago. It was the weekend and it was really crowded, full of smoke and noisy. We could hardly hear our conversation unless we spoke very loud, almost shouting. We ordered chicken soup, prawn soup, mango salad, stir fried mixed vegetables, french fries, stir fried corn and finished with a hot pot. We always order too much and we couldn't finish all of the food. I really like the mango salad as the mango was very fresh and a bit spicy and the rest of our food wasn't too bad but they use a bit too much coconut milk in the soups. Like many Vietnamese, my friends didn't enjoy that much as they thought it was too spicy, sweet and fatty. They were right about some of that but I tried to explain to them about Thai food always being spicy. We didn't have a good time and I don't think I would recommend this restaurant to anyone as there are plenty of nice Thai restaurants in town which are not that expensive. We spent over 1.7 million dong on our meal for 5 of us which is about $95. As some of my good friends went back home during my birthday in December, I decided to celebrate instead in January. We prepared Italian winter food as the winter weather was still around but unluckily, the weather changed on the day to such a beautiful sunny and quite warm day. We even had to switch on the air-conditioning, which is really unusual for Hanoi at this time of the year. We served some cheese, bread, marinated mushrooms and wine to welcome everyone and for the dinner, we cooked Italian soup called minestrone, roasted chicken with with lemon zest, olives and tomatoes. For the side dishes, we cooked roast potatoes, and made a beetroot salad and pan-fried asparagus with parmesan cheese. Thanks to my good friends for coming and making it such a great fun night. I am in Phu Quoc, the place to be!!! This is my second time here but I feel like I know this place very well. The people I met last time, from the hotel staff to the people who live around, are all still here. They are gorgeous with smiling faces and so sweet. We're staying at the Thanh Kieu Resort , the same place I stayed last time. I was lucky enough to get a room here as I booked way in advance as I heard some people couldn't get a room or had to pay lots of money for due to Tet holiday. This is the first time I am not going home for Tet. I just want to do something different as I've been home every year for the last 8 years. I also want to spend sometime here to relax and enjoy myself. I do love my city but I went home last month to visit my family and my mother seemed happy with my decision. The weather in Phu Quoc is so beautiful compared to the freezing cold in Hanoi and it makes me feel so great. I am going to go to the beach to relax for the first few days and read a bit then off to the city for dinner at the night market which has the best food in town and REALLY CHEAP!!!! They're cooking fresh seafood in the Phu Quoc style which is a bit different compared to other cities in Vietnam. I will eat all of my favorites, especially stir fried crab with tamarind sauce. My mouth is watering now just thinking about it!!! Happy Tet every one and see you in the next few posts. I was walking through the old quarter yesterday and saw so many young people sitting along Dinh Liet street eating snails. I have to say that snails have never been on my list of must eat things as I had trouble a few years ago when I ate some snails at the Old Man restaurant in To Ngoc Van street in West Lake. I had a stomach upset for 3 days in the row after eating snails on that occasion. I told myself that I shouldn't look but I actually did look and wanted to try them again. I ordered two bowls of two different kinds and also asked the waitress to give me lots of ginger and chiili. These snails don't actually have any special flavors at all but the dipping sauce which includes fish sauce, ginger, chilli and lemon is what makes the dish special. While I was sitting there trying to finish the two bowls I occupied myself by watching people walk past and by taking photos of this dish. I hoped that eating lots of ginger and chilli would help to protect my stomach. By now, after 24 hours, I am still ok and I wouldn't mind going back again. If you have lots of time to spend, this is such a good place as it's cheap and a great location. It's pretty exciting for me when I'm able to get down to Saigon for a few days to see my dentist and visit my sister. It's nice to be in the sun and eat my favorite food from the south. Food in the south is getting dearer but it's well cooked, fresh and tasty and worth the money. After I visited my dentist, my sister took me out for dinner with her family and our nephew by the river. We had a such a beautiful meal there, ordering coconut salad with chicken skin, stir fried duck eggs with tamarind sauce, fried rice with eggs and garlic, stir fried beef served with vegetables, pine apple and fresh noodles, and the last dish was Thai hopot. They're all really tasty and the bill came out amazingly cheap. The next day, my niece's boyfriend invited everyone out for breakfast and we chose to go to Lam Son beef steak restaurant. It sounds funny to have a beef steak for breakfast but this is a common thing to do in the south. We had a mixed beef steak which includes fried egg, ham and french fries. It's surprisingly nice and the place is generally really crowded. Good to eat something different instead of chicken noodle soup - pho ga - all the time :). In the evening, my nephew took everyone out to have Keo fish hotpot which is one of my local favorite even though I am not really into river fish. We ordered some grilled river prawns, grilled Keo fish, grilled squid and Keo hotpot. We were totally full after all and I couldn't even move. It's really nice being with family especially as I'm very close to my sister and my nephew. It's good to see them again and I will be back here briefly at Tet after my trip to Phu Quoc. Looking forward to that! 
 I was going over what I was writing about the bullpen when compared with last season, and unfortunately I don't think I can make a comparison until Opening Day. I have no idea, outside of the mainstays (K-Rod, Feliciano, Parnell), who will be on the roster. The short summary is that I was pumped for the 8-9 combo of Putz and K-Rod last season, bullpens are notoriously unpredictable year to year, and Ambiorix Burgos may have killed someone with his car. As of now, I'm not even all that certain who the fifth starter will be. The team seems intent on having that be either Niese or Nieve, but neither is pitching like they want the job (at least not when compared to Misch and Figueroa). So, my bullpen summary will be postponed until next month, when I have a clue as to the composition. That being said, there are some position battles that the organization are ignoring because they arose out of injury. Shortstop: Jose Reyes and his overactive thyroid has opened an every day job for Alex Cora. Cora is a known commodity, which is one of my favorite backhanded compliments. I'm no expert with major league playing time and minor league options, but I'd like to see Tejada man the spot. He's hitting well enough right now, and I'm not sure how much that counts in Spring, but its better than not hitting at all. I'm not sure the Mets want to do that, but I think it's time we start looking at developing this kid, especially when I hear his defense and speed are major-league ready. Centerfield: Poor Gary Matthews, Jr. What am I saying? Rich Gary Matthews, Jr. Whatever you call him, he's the odd man out in the CF battle. The job looks like it will go to Pagan, who, if he realizes his upside, could be a known commodity. I know everyone will have terror flashbacks when they think of Fernando Martinez's cup of coffee last season, but he's tearing the cover off the ball now. Again, this is Spring Training, so it may not be worth much, but maybe he carries that over into the start of the season. I think Manuel should take a good look at F-Mart to start the season. I know these are temporary position battles, but I think that's all the more reason to go with youth. Let's get some young energy out there. Who knows when Beltran returns, and what the condition of his knee is? And with Reyes, I'm certainly no endocrinologist. Here’s my problem with John Maine. I think we’re all getting sick of his tired act. It’s becoming the ‘same ole story’ with this guy. After following Johan Santana's 4-inning gem with a disaster, this is what he had to say: "My mechanics felt fine...I just wasn't kind of that into it. It wasn't good. It's just I wasn't all that prepared. The feeling that it's not my game is the hardest thing. It's a waste of a day." What the fuck is this guy doing on the mound if he's just not that into it? And claiming to be unprepared when you know exactly when you are going to pitch? I don’t get it, is it not your game because Johan Santana started it, it's Spring Training? Suck it up guy and pitch. Stop being a little bitch, that's what you get paid to do. Enough of the sappy follow ups, we don't give a shit, just get it done. Granted, there’s a lot of Spring Training left, and that’s great for John. He better use the time wisely to straighten himself out because I have news for John. If he comes out of the gate stumbling and struggling, his tired nice guy act is not going to fly for too long. He is now two years removed from his stellar 15-10 season, his only full season in the majors. So this season becomes very important for John to prove his worth. Our patience is thin to begin with and there are other guys chomping at the bit that have the ' cojones ' to take his place. Here are possible suitors ready to pounce on Maine's job. You have Hisanori Takahashi who is a veteran student of the game, can start and has been lights out. Jonathon Niese is in line for the 5 th starters' spot, if he doesn ’t win that job, he can steal Maine's. Nelson Figueroa, who no one is talking about, hasn ’t given up an earned run yet. Then there's Fernando Nieve and Jenrry Mejia. I don't think Nieve is the answer, and hopefully Mejia will start the year in the pen. But you catch my drift here, there are options if Maine sucks again. If not any of the above, Mets have stated that financially, they can take on more salary via a trade or what not. John Maine Just Isn't That Into You [NBC] Only the Mets…unbelievable! Mets say Jose Reyes has an overactive thyroid. Jose Reyes is saying: "Los especialistas que me atendieron en Nueva York me dijeron que estaba bien y que no tengo problemas de la tiroide" "Me dijeron que solamente tenía la garganta inflamada y no necesitaba medicinas para la tiroide u otra cosa" "La única recomendación de los especialistas fue que no comiera mariscos por la cantidad de yodo que contienen y que debía chequearme cada tres semanas para ver como sigue todo" Translation: “The specialists that attended me in New York told me that I’m fine and that I don’t have thyroid problems. They told me that I just had throat inflammation and that I don’t need medication for thyroid or anything else. The only recommendation the specialists gave me is to not eat fish due to high iodine it contains and to get checked out every three weeks to see how things are going.” Anyone see Jay Horowitz? Jay Horowitz anyone? Jay, are you there? What does this man get paid to do? Besides that good for nothing PR moron, you have to just scratch your head and say, “What the fuck? Who’s smoking crack here?” It’s got to be one of the following. Either Reyes is lying, or he didn’t understand the doctors. Or are the Mets being overly stupidly cautious to lie due to them being scared shit that god forbid something happens to Reyes if he starts playing and this problem pops up again? See past. This is just getting stupid now. Maybe fathead Jay Horowitz will make an appearance. Diagnóstico diferente de Reyes y Mets [ESPN Deportes] Welcome to "In Memoriam." A segment where we take a moment to celebrate, castigate, and otherwise reminisce on former Mets both good and evil. This edition: The Kid, Gary Carter, and his outrageous new Twitter feed! It wasn’t too long ago when Gary Carter went a little looney on us. Early in 2008, with Willie Randolph on the chopping block, Carter sounded off with a 'pick me I'm available' public pitch to manage the Mets. "I just want them to know of my availability. I'm only a phone call away because my contract allows me to leave the ballclub. I could be in New York tomorrow, if necessary, because if there's anything at the major league level I can leave this job." Carter, being the manager of the Orange County Flyers of the Independent Golden League in California at the time, of course recanted after the firestorm he created. "I want to clear this up especially...I never wanted to try to undermine or do anything to bring this to a situation where I'm trying to campaign for something...I would love to get back to the big leagues as a coach, possibly a manager. I would love that opportunity. [But] I wish Willie well." Interestingly enough, he also did this in 2004 when Art Howe was taking up space in the dugout. But hold on to your shorts, the Kid is back and rawer than ever on his new Twitter feed - Gary Carter Raw . We've heard about athletes, celebrities, and even the president taking to Twitter. Here comes Gary Carter, spewing outrageous thoughts on everything from fucking single moms, Dykstra and the bathroom blow jobs, to Kevin Mitchell being a snitch, and everything in between. Here's a taste: "Dave Magaden was lactose intolerant. But that didn't stop him from fucking Long Island cows on the daily" On centerfielder-turned-Bernie-Madoff-accompice Lenny Dystra: "When clubs got boring, we'd tell bouncers a homo kid with a mullet was offering BJ's in the mens room. They'd grab Dykstra, he'd fight back" On current Angels manager Mike Sciocia: "Little known fact...the retard in the movie "leaving las Vegas" that rapes Elizabeth Shue in the ass was Mike Scioscia, and he was not acting" Dropping a dime on former teammates: "Sid Fernandez and I coached a little league team in crown heights just to fuck single moms" "Its no surprise Kevin Mitchell left the team... he was a fucking snitch" "I caught Matt Williams jerking off while listening to Sinbads comedy tape on his walkman. Weird thing was I caught him in Will Clark's trunk" "Steve Sax seat on the bench was warmer than Robin Yount's wife's beard!" "I did a short stint as a "Coyote" south of the border...I still technically own Rafael Santana and his family" Need we say more? This is truly a must-follow for Mets fans on Twitter (twitter.com/GaryCarterRaw). Gary, you are a fucking genius, please continue to entertain us. Carter apologizes for comments saying he wanted Mets' job [MLB] Lizzie Grubman and her Power Girls would have never let this happen. In fact, had they done the job, there would not be any complaints about the abstructed view seats at Citi Field. They would have the skill to convince fans that obstructed seats are the new wave and that you aren't anyone unless you had an obstructed seat. So in Citi Field's inagural season, the Mets, instead of letting fans know that the seats they were buying were somewhat obstructed, they hit the airwaves with a retarded statement. I'm still trying to decipher what this means. In a truly bizarre appearance on WFAN, team executive David Howard told fans that they didn't understand the nature of obstructed views because these seats merely had blind spots that meant you weren't able to see the entire field. Huh? It was just one more example of a team battling poor PR with even worse PR. Just as they refused to admit any mistakes with the medical staff or front office employees challenging minor leaguers to fights, they refused to admit that they made a mistake by not telling customers the whole story. Now there will be a warning for fans buying obstructed view seats. Are we seeing a change in PR policy? I doubt it as long as the current PR staff is in place. Warning reads: View: Limited portions of the playing field may not be visible from this seat location. Mets Stop Being Obstructionist About Stadium Obstructions [NBC] As I indicated last week, there is a reasonable expectation that the pitching will improve this season when compared to 2009. However, there are several reasons to expect that improvement to be marginal (though I expect it to be significant). The offense, on the hand, is another matter... Following is the projected lineup comparison (once Beltran returns from knee surgery). 2009 Opening Day Lineup 1. Jose Reyes - SS 2. Daniel Murphy - LF 3. Carlos Delgado - 1B 4. Carlos Beltran - CF 5. David Wright - 3B 6. Ryan Church - RF 7. Brian Schneider - C 8. Luis Castillo - 2B 2010 Projected Lineup 1. Jose Reyes - SS 2. Luis Castillo - 2B 3. Carlos Beltran - CF 4. Jason Bay - LF 5. David Wright - 3B 6. Jeff Francoeur - RF 7. Daniel Murphy - 1B 8. Rod Barajas - C Let's go by order in the lineup and see what improvements we can expect from this year's team. 1. Obviously, we need more than the 36 games we got last year from Reyes. Oddly, he may start the season in the three slot (this is more apparent after yesterday's Spring Training game), which has arguable merit. The leadoff spot was manned best in Reyes' absence by Angel Pagan until he got hurt. Pagan is my odds-on favorite to win the CF job and get the leadoff slot should Manuel decide to bat Reyes third until Beltran returns. Assuming one month of Pagan and the rest of the season with Reyes, this slot can't help but be a significant improvement over last year. 2. Murph was overhyped coming out of Spring last season. Also, the sky is blue, the President is Black, and Elmer Fudd has problems with the letter "R". On the opposite end, I don't know that we could have expected any less from Castillo. I'd take a repeat of last year from Castillo as the perfect no. 2 slot season (and word is, he's lost more weight and is in better shape this year). 3. Carlos Delgado just had hip surgery - no, not that surgery, this is a new one. I'm sad for him, in part because I thought we could take a late flyer on him with an incentive-laden deal and he could wrestle the job from Murph. Before he got hurt, he was the only guy hitting moon shots to right at Citi Cavern. I think we've seen the last of Delgado, in any uniform. Odds are we'll see Reyes for a month in this slot and then Beltran for the balance of the season. Again, nowhere to go but up. 4. Bay jumps into a slot that was best manned last year by... wait for it... Gary Sheffield. Yes, that Gary Sheffield, who if he lands a job this Spring will have played in four different decades. Bay has his issues, and maybe the back end of this contract will be ugly, but for now he replaces what we thought we'd get from Delgado last year, but from the right side. He will certainly be an improvement over Murph in left and is a .380 OBP guy who slugs over .500 and plays every day. 5. Which David Wright will we get this year? The guy who had his worst season as a pro, or the all-star we had for the previous four seasons. I remember arguments about who you'd take first to start a team - Wright or Pujols (now that argument is Mauer or Pujols). Wright's anemic power may have been the result of little protection, adjustments to a new ballpark, girlfriend troubles, who knows... But, if you're so inclined, take a look at his numbers last year. Ignoring the low homerun total, it wasn't all that bad a year. In fact, it was a pretty good year (144 games, 80+ runs, 70+ rbis and a .390 OBP). Expect his slugging to improve some, Pujols to be caught on the juice and the argument to be Mauer vs. Wright. 6. This is the most underrated position upgrade on the team. Church was a AAAA player. Francoeur may not live up to the promise he showed in his early years as a Brave, but he has good pop, plays great defense in right (he has a sick cannon) and is a takes his lunchpail kind of guy. I wish he'd learn to take a walk, but if you look at his numbers as a Met last year (.311 BA, 10 HR, 40 R, 41 RBI in 75 games), there's proof the change of scenery worked. 7. I'm not a fan of Murph. Keith Hernandez is working with him on his defense. Thoughts are he'll platoon with Tatis. Maybe Jacobs will win the job. This is a hole, but on Opening Day last year we had Schneider. I'm hoping for midseason upgrade here - maybe Dunn, or even Keith if he wants to put the uniform back on. 8. Barajas plays defense, hits homeruns and doesn't get on base much. He can throw folks out, which will be fun. Also, it's looking like Blanco will be Santana's caddy, and I think that can help. Ok, so the seventh and eighth slots are problems. Still, we have reason to expect way more out of this offense than last year, even if there are some injuries. That leaves us with the bullpen... You have to look way back to find Mets team that had great team chemistry. Not that it’s been bad with the recent Mets, but it definitely has not been great. A key component to a winning team, you can’t buy chemistry. As a GM, putting a team together based on skills, stats, and baseball attributes is tough enough. When you add in the layer of evaluating players’ personalities in a quest to create a team that will get along besides playing great baseball, there’s no clear formula to success. GM’s will target players that will help their club, and besides the few troubled players that some teams will stay away from for the fear of bringing in a ‘cancer’ to the locker room a la Milton Bradley, chemistry seems to fall under the radar most often than not when making these major investments. When the Mets picked up ‘Frenchie’ Jeff Francoeur, the last thing that factored into the decision was his personality. As long as he didn’t kill any teammates or coaches in the past, the Mets were bringing him to Queens so they can rid themselves of Church. The Mets never thought anything to the effect of, “this guys great in the clubhouse, lets find a way to get him”. Well what do you know, Frenchie has brought some life to this team. Lets hope it translates to chemistry, which will at least give Mets fans some quality baseball to watch again. The last time I can truly say I saw a Mets team with great team chemistry, you have to look back to the days of Ron Darling, Tim Teufel and co., causing havoc in some honky tonk Texas bar. That was team chemistry at its finest, you just sensed it. Everyone hated them, outside of NY that is, but they had fun, played great together, and had each others backs no matter what. It was also the last time the New York Mets won the championship. Now we haven’t seen any hotfoots out of Frenchie, but he’s becoming a social leader on the team. Along with newcomer, Jason Bay, they set up a viewing party for the U.S. v Canada gold medal hockey game Sunday. According to Frenchie, Mets can expect more social gatherings this year. Our first trip this year is to Colorado, and we have a Monday night off. Guys can go out all day. But we should go out together at night. Let's go have a ball. As a player, these types of things make the clubhouse a more comfortable place to be in and a place they want to play in. Lets give credit where credit is due, Mets received a huge intangible with Frenchie at a low cost. Gold-Medal Chemistry Builder for Mets [MLB] As Spring approaches, I always get optimistic. Now that it looks like, save for the possible addition of a left-handed reliever, the roster is set, I can start to analyze what it is we have at each position. First, lets take a look at what all of sports radio, and every fan I talk to, says needed to be addressed this offseason - starting pitching. Let's look at the projected rotation vs. last year's Spring projection. 2009 Projected Starting Rotation 1. Johan Santana 2. Mike Pelfrey 3. Oliver Perez 4. John Maine 5. Tim Redding / Livan Herandez 2010 Projected Starting Rotation 1. Johan Santana 2. Mike Pelfrey 3. Oliver Perez 4. John Maine 5. Jon Niese / Fernando Nieve / Nelson Figueroa et al. What a difference a year makes? One through four are the same, and last year's depth is now this year's unaddressed problem. The common theory goes: "you know you get with Johan (even though he's coming off elbow surgery), but 2, 3 and 4 are all head cases." Pelfrey regressed in an alarming manner, and you have to hope he'll bounce back in some way. In flashes during the 2008 season, he looked like a legitimate no. 2 starter. Ollie P is a head case, but also has been a big game pitcher for the Mets in the past (and still has electric stuff when focused). Perhaps I would have rather signed Randy Wolf to a one-year deal, and no way was Ollie worth three years a $12 million per, but we was coming off two pretty good seasons with the Mets, especially 2007. There was no reason to expect such a miserable 2009, and while many feel he was shut down due to a phony injury, people don't have surgery on phony injuries. John Maine was obviously still hurt, and maybe we don't know what we'll get from him. While that is a lot of uncertainty, short of signing Lackey or dealing for Halladay (neither of which was realistic for the Mets), there isn't much the Mets could do this offseason to fix it. Armes like Marquis and Pineiro don't move me much. Where I might have taken a chance are high-risk, high-reward guys like Sheets, Wang and Bedard. However, Sheets price himself out, and Wang and Bedard may not pitch until deep into the season (without the help of the Mets' crack medical staff). What we hope for here is a few less injuries. Simply getting something close to 180 innings out of each of these guys will be a dramatic improvement over last season, especially because can't help but improve. Tomorrow I'll discuss the projected lineup and the various improvements over last year. 
 "Morning Near Black Mesa", Oil on Panel, 8x10 inches Jerry Lebo , 2008 Just a quick note to let you know how painting is going in New Mexico. We are having a great time, painting everyday, and traveling around this beautiful State. The above small painting was based on a some photos I took the other day on the way to Bandelier National Monument . To get there you travel by highway through the San Ildefonso and near the San Juan Pueblos. You can see it from miles around as you travel in the area. There is also another Black Mesa in the most Northern part of NM--this one is only about a half our north of Santa Fe. It was early in the day when we passed by, and we stopped on the side of the highway and took some photos--and I made some color notations and a quick sketch. The Mesa actually looks very dark most of the day--but in the early morning it takes on a pinkish/purple quality that was very compelling. I was reminded what a special place New Mexico is the other day by two of my readers. Cindy, who is one of my collectors, sent a comment on my last post--which reminded me of the uniqueness of the New Mexico landscape--and how the skies here are somehow different. In fact, last year when we were here I wrote a post titled " Top Ten Reasons for an Artist to Live in Santa Fe ". I re-read this post and say that the "number one reason" I cited for living in Santa Fe was "clouds". And, I still think the clouds here are the most amazing you will see anywhere. In the morning, the sky here is usually very clear and blue, but when the clouds arrive later in the day, the show is often amazing--and worth the trip alone. I also got a nice note from Jacqueline Butler, welcoming me to New Mexico. Jacqueline is the artistic director for the organization " Daily Painters of New Mexico ". She lives near Galisteo and is thinking about starting a blog and is hosting a workshop for members. So, if you live in the area, drop her a note . Especially if you want to become a daily painter here in NM. I have talked about my own personal views on "daily painting" in previous posts--and I fully support the concept. I just don't think it is for me, personally. My own view is that finding time for "daily painting", is more important than trying to make a painting a day. So there you go. I highly recommend a trip to New Mexico to paint--or just to look around. I have been coming here for thirteen years now--usually once a year. And I am still inspired every time I visit. Who knows, I may even move here one day. I have met many people who come here for business or some other reason--and fall in love and stay. But, even if you can't get here, you can do the next best thing. Go to your studio and find an excuse to put a fantastic sky in one of your landscape paintings! All the best, sixtyminuteartist . "Juniper View (Study)", Jerry Lebo , 2008 Oil on Panel, 6x6 inches You have probably noticed it has been a while since my last post. Several of my regular readers have sent me personal emails asking if something is wrong. I appreciate everyone’s concern, but I am okay—nothing terminal yet. As for the reasons behind my silence, the truth is that I have been dealing with some personal issues--and also have been busy at the day job—including two overseas trips. Fortunately, this has not kept me out of the studio for the most part--and I have been continuing to try to move forward with my work. The important thing is that I am still painting—and keeping my “hour a day” minimum discipline. The main reason I have not been blogging is that I have not really had much to say. I usually need some sort of inspiration or something to share with my readers in order to get me started writing a post. I don't want to bore people with my random thoughts. To be honest, I have also been struggling with which direction to take my art. The last few large "color space" painting I finished are sitting around my studio and pushing me to make another one. But, to tell the truth, I have been feeling like doing some small paintings. I am also torn a bit about how to balance my normally "painterly" style against the more graphic approach of my most recent paintings. I realize now that my “style” is something that took me many years to develop--and I am not sure I should simply throw it out. On the other hand, I still very interested in the ideas I have been pursuing in my recent work. So, why am I posting today? Well, I have a perfect excuse to do some small paintings—and share some ideas with you. We are on vacation in Santa Fe, NM for the next three weeks, and am working with my "portable studio", which is made by Open BoxM . I have written about the traveling setup I use for painting in past posts, and it is ideal for small paintings and studies. So I though I would post a few of these small paintings as they come off the easel over the next few weeks, as well as share some of my tips for painting when traveling. So here is my first travel tip. When traveling, I recommend you try painting on panels—instead of canvas. First, because panels are easy to pack, and you can buy them at most art stores these days. Most airlines are adding baggage charges for weight and second bags these days—and I managed to fit all my clothes and painting supplies for three weeks into one suitcase. You can also make your own panels when you get to your destination from supplies available most places ( I did a post that shows you how ). In fact, unless you are planning to paint big paintings—panels are the way to go in my mind. On the other hand, if you are set on canvas, I have found the best approach is to pack a variety of stretcher bars (taped together) and ship a roll of canvas to where you are painting. That way, you only have to bring the bars, staple gun, and pliers on your flight. If you are bringing large stretcher bars, you are probably not going to be able to fit these in a suitcase, so that means some extra costs. When you stretch your canvas upon arrival ( I did a post on that too ), leave enough edge overlap so as to be able to un -stretch your work. That way you can simply roll it up and take it home in a mailing tube when you leave. Okay, so there is a few tips for painting when traveling. For my current trip I decided to use Ampersand Gessobord . These panels are a bit more expensive than the ones I make at home, but not as expensive as some of the others out there. I started using these in my studio about 8 months back—and I am totally addicted. The surface is so nice and has just the right tooth for taking paint—and the quality and consistency is high. I am not paid to promote their products, but I can recommend them without hesitation . The panels come in various sizes (and you can cut them to size). These are widely available these days, so you have probably seen them at your local art store. So there you go, hope you get a chance to paint outdoors during the summer. And, maybe even get a vacation somewhere so you can paint something new. If so, I will be offering a few tips over the next few weeks—so stay tuned. All the best, sixtyminuteartist . "Sweet Escape", Polymer on Canvas, 50x50 inches Jerry Lebo , 2008 “I don’t paint pictures in hopes that people will understand them. They understand them, or not, according to their own capacity.” -- Pablo Picasso Okay, so I decided to submit a couple of my recent large paintings to a regional juried exhibit up in Fredrick, Maryland . They wanted artists to submit the actual paintings, so it was a bit of a chore framing and then carrying three very large paintings (the largest was 50x60 inches) 30 miles to the venue. Now the good/bad news, I found out that they accepted one of the paintings (the one in my last post, “These five words…”)--but rejected the others, "Sweet Escape" (above), as well as "Dead Heroes", the painting I put up two posts back. You are probably thinking, hey, you should be happy. You got a painting into a juried show, right? Well, it gets better. So I go up on Saturday to pick up the rejected paintings and haul them back to the studio--and when I get to the venue I find out that my artwork has been scattered around. One of the paintings is in a closet—with another painting leaning against it—which put a dent into the canvas. The other one is in an office, leaning against the wall behind a pile of other rejections. But, that wasn't the strangest part of it. The woman handing back the work had the "jury sheet" sitting there and was pleased to show me that the painting accepted into the show had a notation next to it...are you ready....it said, "Maybe, if we have room". There you go--critical acclaim if I have ever heard it! I weakly made the point of saying, well, my paintings are rather large--so I understand if there was limited room (hoping for a bit more a positive response ), to which the woman replied, "Oh, we have paintings in the show bigger than yours." Thud. I tired again on the way out, “So have you given out awards yet.” You can guess the response—“Oh, yes, they are all given out.” So, I am in the show, but barely--and definitely not the rapturous experience one hopes for. Okay, so what is an artist to do in when faced with such a situation? The short answer is brush it off. Get back in the studio as soon as possible and get painting again. I have seen artists send work to many galleries over the years, and most do not even get a polite rejection letter. Getting a form letter can be an achievement. With a juried exhibit, politeness is probably the best you can hope for. Even if you get your work into a group show or a gallery, you can expect that your work will be treated for what it is from a gallery perspective...a commodity—and I have heard of many cases where galleries have damaged work due to haphazard handling. Other artists are your worst enemy, as they tend to treat other artist's work with little regard (if they are not looking). I am serious. If you don't believe me, watch what happens when artists bring their work to a critique or for submission to a juried show--if no one is looking, other artist will not hesitate to move your work or treat it in a very haphazard way. I have seen it. To a gallery, you are just one in a long line of eager artist to get their work shown, so don't be surprised if a gallery generally acts like you're work is replaceable . At least until it sells for $50 grand or so--they tend to get more careful at that point. I think my recent experience also shows some important points to take into account when you think about where and how to send your work out. First and foremost, it is important to find a gallery or event that is interested in work and represents similar artists and/or types of work. I wrote about this early in my blog . But it is worth repeating. If you are painting "cowboys and indians ", don’t send your work to a New York gallery—you won’t garner much interest. However, the good news is that they may be very excited in Tuscon . In the end, you need to decide before sending out work if it is likely to appeal to a certain gallery or jurist. In my case, I think it was the fact that my paintings were so different from all the other painterly and more formal painting that was submitted to the show, that it simply did not fit with the show or what was running through the jurist's mind. You want a show that hangs well together--not necessarily to show every type or style submitted--even I can understand that. Anyway, I thought I would share this experience, so you will be prepared. I know some of you are thinking about trying to break into galleries and submit your work to a show. If you are interested in reading more about how to better showcase your work and build your career as a visual artist, I will again recommend Cay Lang’s book, “Taking the Leap”. I have mentioned it several times in my blog, but it is a great book. I went back to reading it again after my recent experience, and I could quickly see some of the mistake I made in submitting work to the regional exhibit. First of all, as I previously mentioned, these types of modern, hard edge, “color space” paintings don’t really fit the style of the venue or the other art being shown there. So a tepid reception was probably inevitable. Second, I don’t think they together really represent a cohesive artistic statement yet—since they are still evolving in terms of style and technique. This is not to say they are bad paintings, they are perhaps not quite ready for full public exposure or it was not the right venue. Anyway, live and learn. I hope you got something out of my experience that will help you build your career as an artist. All the best, sixtyminutearist . "These Five Words in my Mind" Polymer on Canvas, 60 x 50 inches Jerry Lebo, 2008 “The progression of a painter’s work, as it travels in time from point to point, will be towards clarity: toward the elimination of all obstacles between the painter and the idea, and between the idea and the observer.” --Mark Rothko I though this was a fitting quote for the above painting—and relates back to my own experience lately. As you know, I have making a radical change in my painting style over the last few months, and I have been getting a lot of questions as to “why”? The short answer can be found in the above quote—in that I felt a real need to simplify my work and eliminate the obstacles between what I was trying to say in my paintings—and to send that idea more directly to the observer. The above painting, “These Five Words in my Mind” was motivated by a very simple idea that I had been thinking about for a few months—that is, how do words and colors relate? And could you make a painting that had the effect of words—in terms of evoking a response of the observer? And how could you change the colors and shapes to change the meaning and sensation of a painting? Let me explain. Let’s say you have five words. There are a lot of different things you can say with those five words. Change one word, and you can chance the entire meaning of what you are saying. Take, for example, the two phrases, “I would hate to love you”, and “I would love to hate you”. These phrase contain the same six words—but you immediately feel different depending on which one is said. In a way, color is the same way. You can make a lot of different paintings with a set of five colors—and if you change one color, the entire sensation will also change. Of course, most paintings have dozens or thousands of colors—but do they need all of them? Which ones are important to send the meaning? And which ones will change the meaning of the painting—these are the questions I was asking myself when I thinking about the above painting. For this painting, I purposely chose five colors you would probably never see reflected in water—and except the blue—would not likely make anybody think “water”. Then I tried to make a painting that said “water” on one hand through the subject matter—but in a very minimal way. In fact, the main purpose was to combine five colors into a certain sensation—that is to send a sensation through a certain color “note” or harmony. Also, I used shapes moving from larger to smaller (and hard edge to soft) to give the painting a sense of moving back in space—so that the five colors soon become “color”, “space”, and “sensation” all at the same time-(by combining in your eye)—just like a certain phrase would (or even five music notes) do as they are uttered or played. You cannot hear the individual words or notes—only feel the sensation. I know it probably all sounds pretty crazy—but that is what I was thinking about before I started this painting and while I was painting it—the sensation of five words running around my head. Okay, so how does this relate to the subject of this post? Well, I have been thinking a lot about how paintings communicate and what that means for how artists might approach their paintings. One of the things I think is important is that an artist at least be clear about the motivation for painting before moving to the easel. I have heard instructors say that you must “have one idea” or that you should “focus on the main idea of the painting” while you paint. I have known that to be true based on my own experience. When I start to paint with one idea in mind (say, capturing the feeling of a sunset) and then start focusing on something else half way through (such as the the color of the mountains)—it is more than likely going to led to a bad painting. The fact is, that a successful paintings are those that deliver a clear message to the observer—as simply as possible. If the artist is not clear—how can he/she expect the observer to see it clearly? So what does this mean for starting a painting? Well, obviously, I think the first step is to make sure you know what you want to say before you start a painting. That is, do you want to say something about something you are seeing, feeling, or something that pleases you visually? Keep that idea in your mind as you plan and work on the painting. Make it as simple as possible. My experience is this simple approach will lead to better outcomes. Successful paintings require a lot of pre-meditation. Many painters and students focus so much on the mechanics of painting—color mixing and drawing—they forget about the “why”. So next time you are about to start a painting. Take a few moments to think about why you have chosen the subject. Ask some hard questions about what attracts you to that subject or landscape. Really work through your motivation for starting a painting—before you start mixing colors and drawing on the canvas—and stick with this idea throughout. Try to get that idea onto the canvas. When you step back from the canvas, ask yourself not if looks like the subject matter—but if it feels like it . Not if the drawing is good, but if the sensation is good. Does the figure feel like it is standing? Not is the gesture correct, but does it feel correct? Why is this important—because when the observer sees your work—this is what he/she will feel right away more than any amount of good drawing or careful color mixing. The idea or message of a painting comes to the viewer in one quick moment as a feeling (like five spoken words)—and so you need to be sure that you are communicating and assessing your paintings at that level. Okay, I know this is a bit touchy feely for some of you. But I hope you got something out if it. All the best, sixtyminuteartist . "Untitled" (Study), Polymer on Paper, 17 1/2 x 23 Inches Jerry Lebo, 2008 The weather is getting better in DC, so I have been able to stroll around during my lunch hour and take a few pictures that I can use as reference material in the studio. I am thankful for my digital camera—not only can I look at the picture right after it is taken—but I can take hundreds of pictures and then simply delete the bad ones. I end up throwing out most of the pictures I take, in any case. In the past, I used to pay to develop a whole roll of film and then throw out the majority of the shots. So I love my digital camera. Anyway, the above study is one of the paintings I am thinking of making into one of the large “color space” paintings that I have been talking about in my blog recently. The study is based on a photo I took last week when I was walking near the Hirshhorn Museum . I like the unusual composition—and thought it would be a good opportunity to explore various color harmonies. I usually do these sorts of painting studies using acrylics and sometimes oils (I gesso the paper for oils). I really struggled with the color relationships in this study and it took me quite a while to figure out how to get the effect I was after. The reference photo and painting are quite different. I have put the reference photo below so you can see the changes I made—basically I re-worked the entire color harmony in pursuit of what I have been talking about recently—that is, how to evoke a certain psychological response in the viewer using color. One of the problems when moving from a small study to a large painting is that a painting that looks good small—may not look good in a larger format. The reverse also holds true, that a large painting may not be very interesting if painted in a smaller format. You have to decide to “go big” or not based on a smaller studies—and it is not always easy to imagine the effect. Anyway, I am thinking of trying the above painting in a large (50x66 inches) format—what do you think? Send me a comment. Okay, so let’s get to the point of this post—which is how to use “color references” in the studio. I have increasingly found that I am nearly blind when it comes to color. I know that sounds strange—but the light in my studio is always changing, my mood changes, and even my sight seems to change when I am in the studio. I look at a color at one moment—and it looks greenish—and then two minutes later it looks to have change to a bluish color. I have written about this in some previous posts—but I think color is the hardest part of being an artist. It is such a moving target—even for a trained artist. One solution I have come to increasingly rely on is the uses of color reference materials. That is, pieces of color that I have lying around my studio—that can serve as a neutral reference point. For example, in just moving from the easel to the palette—sometimes my thoughts about a color change. I might think I have the right color when I am mixing it on the palette—and then get to the canvas and change my mind. So which color is right? The one I was seeing on the palette or the one I have on my brush? It depends, of course, on what color I was after. Which I might have forgotten by the time I am ready to make the stroke—since I am daydreaming about something else most of the time anyway! Color references don’t need to be expensive or complicated. They can be pieces of paper you paint yourself—or colored paper that you buy. You can use a color matching system—such as Pantone—or make up your own system. Color charts are also a popular way of color referencing—and can be keyed back to the paints you are using. Basically, what you want from a color referencing system is something that you can refer to that is unchanging! Examples of color references that I have used in my own studio include PMS swatches , color-aid paper , and premixed color charts . The key to using a color reference is to understand what it can—and can’t do. A color reference is not a solution to a problem. It is not a preset color harmony that you can use in a painting (I don’t think this is possible anyway). The benefits of a color reference system in my mind are two. First, it is a tool you can use to work out how colors (and values) will affect each other before you put them onto the canvas. In some ways, this can lead to new color harmonies—but in my experience it can also keep you from mixing the wrong colors or going in circles. Second, and in my mind equally important, color references can be used to bridge the gap between the color you are seeing in your mind and the one you are mixing on the palette. For example, when you think “blue”— what blue are you thinking about . If you can pick out the “blue” you want from a color reference system before you start mixing—then you can more quickly know if you mixed the right color. If you are not convinced yet—try this experiment. Think about a color you want to use in your paintings. Say, a sky color—or the color of the grass on a sunny day. Next time you are in the studio—try to mix it. Or, better yet, look out the window and mix it based on what you are seeing. Once you have mixed the color, put it aside for the moment. Next, find a piece of paper or other reference material that is as close as possible to the color you are after. You can again compare it directly (by holding it up to the window, for example). Now, mix the color again but with the reference color sitting on your palette. Now go back and compare the color you mixed when you did not have the reference—and the one you mixed when you had the reference nearby. Which is closer to the color you were after? I think you will see my point pretty quickly. Having a neutral reference can get you closer to where you are going--and faster. I am a strong believer in having as much information around you as possible when you are in the studio. Photos are an accepted material for artists to use. But this is only one form of information— and not a very good one at that ! I also am a firm believer in color references. There are numerous ways to use these to improve you paintings—color mixing only being one. Okay, that’s it for now. Go to the studio and paint. All the best, sixtyminuteartist . "Dead Heroes", Polymer on Canvas, 47 x 66 inches Jerry Lebo, 2008 I have been busy over the last few weeks working on several large paintings, which has proven to be a big challenge. The above painting is the first to come off the easel, and is about as big as I can effectively paint in my basement studio. Here is a shot of what it looked like on the easel, to give you an idea of the scale. As you can see, I am continuing to pursue the approach I started in the painting of our dog I showed you in my last post. The intent is to push the color harmony ideas I have been talking about over the last few months. That is, to bring together the color interactions in such a way as to make a psychological “color space” which is integral to the subject and message of the painting--and transforms the viewer's experience. The painting itself is based on a photo I took this summer at the World War II memorial here in DC. I made a photo album for my Great Uncle who recently died—as he was too ill to travel to see the Memorial himself. The picture is of one of the waterfalls that they have at each end of the memorial (one each for the Atlantic and Pacific Campaigns)—this one being the Pacific. My Great Uncle was in the Pacific during WWII—and survived the sinking of his ship and his shipmates being eaten by sharks. I have fond memories of how he used to tell me war stories. He is one of the big influences of my youth—always around during the summers I spent in Indiana as a kid. He died a couple of months back after a long battle with prostate cancer. I will miss him--and I suppose the painting is a bit of a memorial to his memory. Okay, so back to the subject of the post—painting shadows. This post has been lurking in my mind for a couple of weeks--and is motivated by one of the key issues I see people struggling with in their paintings. Often we stand back from the easel--and wonder what is wrong with a painting and think "color". But, which color? Most of the time we look at the higher value and high chroma hues and start messing around with those--but in fact it may be the shadows that are the problem. Frankly, I see this over and over in my students work--they pay a lot of attention to the colors where the light is hitting an object or the landscape--but then mix up some pretty boring, or even plain bad, shadow colors. The first message I want to get across is: shadows are colors! Let me say it again another way: the color you are putting in the shadow is just as important as the color you are putting on the highlight. If either one is wrong--the painting will suffer. Okay, so how do you find the right shadow color? Well, first, you need to be able to see the shadow color. So let me give you a little exercise that I have learned that will help developed your mind and eyes to better see shadow colors. If you do this exercise regularly, it will improve your painting. I promise. It is a little exercise I call, "find the shadow color". The exercise starts by finding a piece of paper that is a single color and at least around four or five inches square in size. It doesn't matter where it comes from--out of a magazine, book cover, or simply paint a piece of paper. Next, take the piece of paper and put it a few feet away from you in a location where it is being hit by light. It can be natural light coming in from a window (if you are in the studio)--or light from a lamp. Doesn't matter. Once you have your color/paper sitting there, take a moment to really notice the color. Take a long look--try to remember what it looks like. Is it warm or cool? What is the hue? Try to memorize the color. Next, take the same piece of paper and put it somewhere nearby where it is not being hit by light--but the color is still observable (not in the closet!). For example, if you had the paper sitting on a table, put it on the floor next to the table in the shadow of a table. If it was in the light coming in a window, put it in a place where the light is not directly hitting it. Notice the change in color. Take a long look--try to remember what the new color looks like--how did it change when you moved it out of the light? Did it get warmer or cooler? What is the hue? Again, try to memorize the color--and think about how it compares to the color when it was lighted. Move it back and forth between light and shadow and notice what happens. Okay, now the fun part. Go and find another piece of paper (or paint one) that is the color of the paper when it is not being hit by light. This is a lot harder than it sounds. I did this in my office the other day and it took me a good fifteen minutes to find two objects where the color of one was the shadow color of the other. The test that you have the right color is simple. Put the two pieces of paper in light together, then move the original piece (the one you first chose and observed in light) into the shadow. If you have the right shadow color, the two pieces of paper should appear to be the same color. Below are some pictures to give you a better idea of how this works. The first photo below is of the two pieces of paper that I determined were shadow and highlight colors. They are actually the covers of two publications I had sitting around my office. This is how they look sitting on my desk as lighted by the lighting in my office. So, how do I know that the darker color is the shadow color of the lighter one? Simple, I put the lighter color on the floor off the edge of my desk so that I could see them next to the other. In effect, so that the darker one was in the light, but the lighter one was in shadow. Below is a photo of the result--taken with the darker one sitting on the desk and the lighter one on the floor in shadow. You can see that they have effectively become the same color. And, yes, the one on the floor is the lighter color in the above photo. Hard to believe I know. Try this exercise in various lighting conditions and types of light. Finding two colors that work may be a bit of a struggle at first, but you will get better at it. If you do it as a regular exercise, you may be surprised how it improves your ability to paint shadow colors (the first thing you will notice is that shadows are colors--and they have predictable relationships!). Your mind will remember how colors in shadow and light relate--which will make you quicker at finding the right shadow color. There are a lot of variations on this exercise that can help you out in the studio. For example, say I was painting a still life with an object in it that I was having a hard time finding the right (or even simply believable) shadow color. A simple guide might be to paint a piece of paper the color I was using for the object in light, and another piece the shadow color I was using. Then I could do the same as I did above to compare the shadow color to othe other paper "in shadow"--and if the relationship was correct. Even if the match was not perfect, I would expect the temperature and general hue would be in the same range. If the two colors are off--you will see it pretty quickly--trust me. One of the things you will notice right away is that the shadow color of something in natural light is much cooler that a shadow of the same object indoors under normal house lighting. Which means, for example, that the relationships indoors are different than those you would see if you did the same exercise (with the same colors) outdoors. Which means that if you are painting landscapes, use natural lighting for the exercise--and preferably do it outdoors. Also, the shadow color of an object will vary with the distance you are away from it. So, if you move one of the pieces of paper closer or farther away from you--the relationships change. So, think of it as a way to train your eyes and guide your thinking--not a scientific experiment. So there you go. A simple exercise to help you explore shadow colors--and to get
This morning, artist/sculptor Mike Kraus sent me images of the clay mold he has recently completed of the sword that will soon be replaced on the General James Nagle statue. Simply stated, I am blown away by the level of detail. Indeed, this is an exact rendering of the sword Nagle was presented following his return from the Mexican-American War and of the bronze sword that was originally placed on the monument in 1904. I think you will agree with me that this is superb, stellar work. I certainly could not be happier. The next step is the bronzing!
There's been a lot of talk recently about this brrreeeport thing... Traffic has been slow to NFK ever since the pixels fad died down but let's see if this does anything to bring more people to the blog! -Steve- We got a nice mention in the Wall Street Journal today. Alex Tew is auctioning off the last 1000 pixels of the Million Dollar Homepage and the author mentioned some of the other pixel sites. If you would like to support the cause, please donate as little as $5 to help. -Steve- Bidders Vie to Purchase Last Web-Screen Sections; Copycat Sites Now Abound January 10, 2006; Page B8 In late November, this column talked about Alex Tew, a 21-year-old British man who, in a quest to fund his university studies, had arrived at the seemingly outlandish idea of creating a Web site and selling advertising in the form of "pixels" -- the simplest graphical denominator of a computer screen -- for a buck each. His goal: one million dollars. What made the story noteworthy then was that Mr. Tew had already passed the halfway mark despite having no target audience or even the slightest bit of brand recognition. As of tomorrow, Mr. Tew could not only reach his million-dollar goal, he could surpass it by auctioning off the last 1,000 pixels for www.milliondollarhomepage.com on eBay. Further, Mr. Tew's business model has inspired hundreds, perhaps thousands, of copycat sites angling to find a new twist on pixel sales for whatever their needs may be. Alex Tew, creator of milliondollarhomepage.com, and his father, Malcolm Tew, pictured the weekend before Alex's last pixels are auctioned on eBay. As an entrepreneurial venture, Mr. Tew's stands out given his young age, global influence and quick return on an estimated $40,000 investment to host and publicize the site. On Aug. 26, Mr. Tew launched his home page and divided the screen into 10,000 small squares of 100 pixels each. He sold pixels for $1 each, with a minimum order of 100 pixels and promised to keep the page alive for at least five years. In each space, buyers could put a graphical ad of their choosing, linking it to their own site. Today the home page resembles a cluttered collage of ads in various shapes and colors. Internet Celebrity Meantime, Mr. Tew himself has taken on celebrity status in the Internet community. World-wide solicitations have swamped his email in-box; he says there are currently 10,000-plus unanswered messages soliciting him for everything from money and business advice to job positions. Getty Images, which provides film and photo images to media outlets and others, just conducted a portrait session with Mr. Tew and his parents in Cricklade, England. In fact, all the attention has persuaded Mr. Tew to postpone his university studies -- an ironic turn of events given that school was the original impetus for his project. "I never expected the site to reach the level of success it has done," he writes in an email. "But I can't see how I can realistically continue my studies in the immediate future -- due to the sheer scale of interest in my site, and all the new opportunities that have presented themselves as a result. There just isn't time now." He says he will return to school in September. By the end of 2005, Mr. Tew had sold 999,000 pixels and demand outstripped supply for the last thousand. On Dec. 30, the page had one million unique visitors and Mr. Tew's server almost died, he says, forcing him to temporarily suspend order taking. Giddy prospective buyers pushed him to open a second page, but Mr. Tew had pledged to close the page when his goal of one million dollars was reached in order to protect its originality. Final Auction So over the New Year, Mr. Tew decided to do what any calculating businessman might: He put the last 1,000 pixels up for sale on eBay. The auction ends tomorrow at 1:42 p.m. EST; as of 6 p.m. last night, the highest offer from a pool of bidders handpicked by Mr. Tew was $160,109.09. He expects to net about $650,000 to $700,000 after costs, taxes and a donation he plans to give to The Prince's Trust, a U.K. charity for youth that once helped him. Mr. Tew's efforts benefited from newness, shrewd marketing and the Internet's lightning-speed word of mouth. After first persuading his friends and family to buy pixels to make the page seem legitimate, he then began touting his site, and himself, to bloggers, who directed traffic Mr. Tew's way. The media in Britain picked up on his venture, fueling more visitors. In mid-September, Mr. Tew's Web site landed on the "Movers & Shakers" feature of Alexa.com, which ranks the world's Web sites by the number of people who visit them. Marketing executives often troll Alexa.com, which is owned by Amazon.com, to check out what's hot and what's not, and at one point Mr. Tew's site reached Alexa's No. 2 spot. That brought in a new wave of advertisers. In October, a U.S. publicist named Imal Wagner contacted him about penning his life story; he declined but hired her to help him with a U.S. media tour. Pixel Mania The attention inspired rival sites. One attractive 22-year-old Siberian emergency worker has posted her own black-and-white photo on a home page; as people buy pixels on www.presentmecolor.com the image metamorphoses to color. At www.boxofstars.com two filmmakers are selling digital "stars" -- orbs of light of various hues and size that bounce about the home page and link to other sites -- to raise $50,000 and finance their picture. In a marriage of online and outdoor advertising, www.stickermyhummer.com encourages buyers to purchase ads on an online picture of the body of a Hummer H2; when that's filled the site's owner, a California State University student promises he'll buy a real one and wrap it in a graphical composite of the ads. There are charity sites, sites devoted to erotica, and plain-vanilla financial Web sites all using pixels to raise funds. An Indiana University student has even launched a parody site called www.trumpingalex.com , complete with a fake image of Mr. Tew sporting Donald Trump-esque hair. While none of these seem to have replicated Mr. Tew's success, and it's unclear if they ever will, the sheer volume of attempts and creative juice behind them paints an interesting picture of collective online entrepreneurship around the globe. And at the very least, it suggests there will be an eventual shakeout of what works, and what doesn't. For instance, one site, www.worldofpersia.com , targets a single ethnic group and purports to have sold 1,900 pixels in two days. Two Carnegie Mellon students started www.nickelsforkatrina.org to raise money for hurricane victims. Meantime, people are tweaking their pages' graphical elements to stand out: A Frenchman launched www.monpremiermillion.com where people place ads on a map of his homeland and www.yournameonthemoon.com solicits people to post missives on a lunar image. Currently, Mr. Tew is holed up at home in Cricklade with his mom and dad, monitoring his auction on a 17-inch Hewlett-Packard laptop from his parents' living room and sleeping from 5 a.m. till 9 a.m. to keep up with U.S. time zones. His folks screen his calls -- their son's numbers got posted on the Internet -- and siblings helped sort through the last round of orders. Mr. Tew says he paid them. Says his 58-year-old dad, Malcolm Tew: "Alexander has always had lots and lots of ideas, some good and some not so good. This is certainly the most, ah, fruitful." Write to Gwendolyn Bounds at wendy.bounds@wsj.com We got written up today in the Pittsburgh Post Gazette. http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/05329/611718.stm Sorry for the sparse posting. The last couple weeks at school have been pretty busy and we haven't had much time to work on the site. Our official count is up to $2,555 and we're trying to drive some more traffic in the coming weeks. The group I went to Mississippi with is following up with the people we helped out and we will be presenting a report on our trip to the university. I will have an update on this in a week or so. There was an interesting article in the Wall Street Journal today about the pixels phenomenon. Unfortunately, they didn't mention us but it sheds some light on the wave of interest around such an arbitrary thing. http://online.wsj.com/article/SB113261806930503580.html?mod=technology_main_promo_right Pipe Dream How Selling Pixels May Yield a Million Bucks November 22, 2005; Page B1 It was just a few months ago that 21-year-old Alex Tew of Great Britain was stumped about how to pay for college. He'd filled a notebook with ideas before jotting down this simple, if rather audacious, query to himself: How Can I Become a Millionaire? In the annals of entrepreneurship, what followed is an instructional tale of how a brainstorm, coupled with the Internet's powerful word-of-mouth culture, can set a trend in motion with lightning speed. Mr. Tew says his strategy was to find an idea simple to understand and cheap to set up, with a catchy name that would garner attention online, where he gained experience from having free-lanced as a Web designer for a few years. Ultimately, his solution amounted to making money via Internet advertising -- but with a twist. Instead of selling banner ads, text links or splashy videolike ads that fill a screen, Mr. Tew opted to hawk the simplest graphical denominator of a computer screen: the pixel. A pixel is a tiny dot of light and color, and each screen has tens of thousands of them. Mr. Tew created a home page, www.milliondollarhomepage.com , where he divided the screen into 10,000 small squares of 100 pixels each. His plan: to sell the pixels for $1 a piece, with a minimum order of 100 pixels. In each space, buyers could put a graphical ad of their choosing that links to their own site when clicked on. The end result is a cluttered collage of ads in various shapes and colors all amassed on a single digital billboard. (Mr. Tew doesn't charge his advertisers anything when a visitor clicks on the ads.) Mr. Tew pledged to keep the site up for at least five years and to close the page when his goal of one million dollars was reached. "I had to think big," he says. The notion seemed absurd. Who would want to advertise on an unknown site that had no target audience, no track record of attracting visitors or even the slightest brand recognition? But as with many gimmicks, its newness gave it legs, as did Mr. Tew's shrewd marketing. He first roped his friends and family into buying pixels and placing ads to make the page seem legitimate. He then began touting his site, and himself, to bloggers, who wrote about his crazy idea and linked to the site, which directed traffic his way. The media in Britain picked up on his efforts, fueling more visitors. Within two weeks of the site's Aug. 26 launch Mr. Tew says he sold $40,000 in ads. More important, the traffic numbers started gaining attention among the U.S. Internet community. Since its launch, the site has received a total of about 1.5 million unique visitors. In mid-September, it landed on the "Movers & Shakers" feature of Alexa.com, which ranks the world's Web sites by the number of people who visit them. Marketing executives often troll Alexa.com, which is owned by Amazon.com, to check out what's hot and what's not, and at one point Mr. Tew's site reached Alexa's No. 2 spot. Currently, the site gets 600,000 to 700,000 unique visitors a month. As of yesterday evening, Mr. Tew said he was $623,800 toward his goal, more than enough to pay for college and earmark some cash for his next entrepreneurial venture, he says. (He keeps a running tally of his sales on the Web site, and though the figure can't be independently verified, screenshots emailed by Mr. Tew of his PayPal and other checkout accounts appear to support his claim.) While there's also no way of knowing for sure whether Mr. Tew is the first entrepreneur to sell pixels, the idea was new enough that it felt that way to onlookers. "I was like, 'What's this?' " says Daniel Khesin, vice president of marketing at DS Laboratories Inc., a skin-care company in Lake Success, N.Y. After examining Mr. Tew's site, he says: "There was nothing inherently special about the page, but it was very obvious to us that at the very least, buying some pixels would be a good idea for the sheer number of visitors he was getting." DS Laboratories purchased 800 pixels. Almost overnight, he says, traffic surged at the company's Web site by twentyfold, and all of the increase came from milliondollarhomepage.com. More impressive, he says, sales by Internet companies that DS Laboratories' site links to jumped almost 50% within a week of the ad going up. "Our skepticism was that this is untargeted traffic," Mr. Khesin says. "But this advertising has definitely paid for itself many times forward. And unlike banner advertising where it goes away, people will always know where to find it to go back and purchase more products." Similarly, Chris Magras, president Evisions Marketing Inc. in Tempe, Ariz., which helps Web sites get higher rankings on search services, also noted milliondollarhomepage.com's movement on Alexa.com. "Some people would say it's a bad idea, some would say it's a good one. All I know is that it was generating interest," Mr. Magras says. Evisions bought 6,400 pixels and its ad went up on a Friday. The following Monday morning, Evisions was getting 2,000 more unique visitors to its home page, all linked directly from milliondollarhomepage.com. The number of leads, or visitors filling out personal information on the Evisions site, jumped to 300 a day from 100. "It was quality traffic," Mr. Magras says. "It was definitely the biggest payoff for a one-stop ad buy we've ever had." He adds that the company is still getting 800 to 1,000 new visitors daily from Mr. Tew's site. Copycats popped up almost immediately; now there are hundreds of Web sites selling pixels, some of them directly crediting Mr. Tew -- and even linking to his site. Some advertisers have put out press releases touting their alliances with Mr. Tew's site, further helping spike his traffic. The risk, of course, is that as the original pixel concept gets mimicked, it will suffer from brand dilution and become a less compelling a business model. What's more, as milliondollarhomepage.com has filled up, it's become harder for advertisers to stand out amid a busy screen with messages ranging from "CasinoScams" and "Free Ringtones" to "Jesus" and "Hypnosis"; the smallest ad spaces, at 100-pixels square, are nearly indecipherable at this point. Whether Mr. Tew reaches a million dollars remains to be seen. He readily notes that he'd never do another site like the original. Now, he says, "the copycats are all competing with each other." One is Moneypants.com , a personal finance Web site geared toward women that says it has 600 members and has collected $4,500 over the last few weeks from its own pixel "Dream Page" -- a decent chunk of change for a nascent enterprise. "It's very compelling," says MoneyPants Chief Executive Komal Bhojwani. "We don't have to end up going the investor route, which might require us to make changes to the business that we don't want to make. And we didn't have to get into debt by borrowing from a bank. We are generating revenue and not expenses." One advertiser, Cherryl Weaver, says she's seen a 13% jump in traffic to her real estate Web site, www.hotlaneighborhoods.com , from the 1,500 MoneyPants.com pixels she bought. "As long as it's a strategic alliance, it makes sense," Ms. Weaver says, alluding to the affinity between a personal-finance site and real estate. "Would I team up with McDonald's if they did a dream page? No." Meantime, James Thomson, a Web designer in Branson, Mo., says he's wiped out $30,000 in personal debt accumulated after the dot-come bust with his site, www.millionpennyhomepage.com , by selling pixels by the penny, instead of the dollar. Yesterday, he had only $974 left to go before reaching his goal of $10,000. And Christian Abad, president of Accessible Computing Inc. in Charlotte, N.C., is trying to lure new clients to his pixel page, called www.pixelads4all.com , by giving them a 50% discount off their pixel purchases. Sales have been slow, but he remains optimistic about the overall concept and has even purchased 11 domain names in anticipation of a future in pixel advertising. Among them: pixelads4shopping.com and pixelads4porn.com. For his part, Mr. Tew says he wants to keep milliondollarhomepage.com online "forever." If and when a million pixels are sold, he says he'll leave the page frozen in time, no changes allowed, no new buyers permitted. His ultimate goal is as lofty as the original concept: He hopes his site will be like a time capsule showing "what's possible on the Internet" -- an iconic image that he imagines "one day might be a piece of art in a museum." Write to Gwendolyn Bounds at wendy.bounds@wsj.com This week was a pretty positive week for us. Getting listed on the Blogs of Note was great for our traffic and we've been logging about 300 uniques per day to the main site. We've broken $2275 and we should have it all updated by tonight. Few ideas being tossed around right now...One of them brought to our attention has been broadening the scope of where we put our donations. Although Katrina needs financial help, there are other natural disasters occuring in the US and around the world. All of the money would still got the Red Cross, but we would donate it into different hurricane reliefs such as Wilma, Rita and the Earthquakes in Pakistan. Please post some comments in the forums and let us know what you think. Any name change ideas? Thank you to everyone who has been buying up pixels. Your support is appreciated. We've been getting some interesting donors from sites such as Save The Ta-Tas and Doombuggies . Wouldn't it be funny if someone bought up pixels to propose...like on the megatron at a baseball game? -Steve and Keith- For the final leg of our time in Mississippi we were supposed to be working on projects further south, towards New Orleans. Because of how day-to-day things happen, however, these projects were unable to happen. On our way back I got some pictures of the damage that is still evident in the area. The golden arches - just about all of the street signs were blown out like this. It is shocking to see miles of commercial areas with businesses that still have not fully recovered from the disaster. We passed by a CVS that was operating out of a trailer. It is amazing that when people need something like medicine, quick and dirty solutions are thrown up to fill that need. The weekend spent in Mississippi was a great experience. In the short time that we were there, we were able to make an impact. Although not all of the projects we lined up happened as planned, just being able to help others in need made the trip worth it. A student group on campus, Alternative Break will be making a follow-up trip to the region in the beginning of January. On a side note, none of the money for this trip came out of NickelsForKatrina.org . This was a trip organized by the Division of Student Affairs at Carnegie Mellon University. With the generous help of Shernell Smith and Rowshawn Palmer, we were able to get it together on such short notice. Thank you to everyone who has been reading, commenting, donating and putting up our banner. Your support is appreciated. -Steve and Keith- Free Cellphones for Katrina Victims : "The FCC has approved a plan by the feds to give all Katrina evacuees free cellphones with 300 minutes of talk time. Now I'm sure they're not handing out pink RAZRs to those in need so it's not an issue of logistics. So when did Katrina happen? Oh right, almost 2 months ago. I'm sure if someone needed a cellphone, they'd have it by now. What about people affected by more recent hurricanes like Wilma? There's trouble in paradise down in Floridia and I'm sure they could use those hot Cingular and Tracfone phones right about now. Anyway, enough kvetching. The offer is open to every household approved for housing assistance by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, according to the FCC. Give 'em a call if you need something... oh. That's right. Just hit the web... oh. Poop. Feds give out free phones to Katrina evacuees [Textually]" We got some more donations to the site yesterday. One that we thought was particularly interesting is another non-profit: Save The Ta-Tas . They sell clever T-Shirts to benefit breast cancer. Their link is in the upper left hand corner of the site . Be sure to check them out. 
 Yesterday, the PS22 Chorus of 2010 sang the national anthem at The New York Rangers game in Madison Square Garden ! The kids brought the crowd to an incredible roar of thunderous applause, as can be seen in the video below! What an afternoon!! The usher outside our suite where we watched the game said in his 20 years working at MSG, he would place our rendition of the anthem in the Top 5 versions that he's heard! And Greg , our contact from the Rangers camp, e-mailed and said, "Believe me – I work every home game and tonight was the loudest applause I have ever heard at the Garden for an anthem. I truly hope we can make this an annual tradition. To top it off, you guys brought us luck during a team slump, as the Rangers got a big win!" AWESOME!! After their incredible performance of the anthem, all the kids were ushered to 3 VIP suites, where they got to watch the game! While there, they were visited by former Rangers, Gilles Villemure & Pete Stemkowski , who signed autographs and spoke with the kids! Not only that, we ran into America's Next Top Model contestant, April Wilkner , who now works for MSG as a TV correspondent. She was as cool as can be, and a great sport, letting Ethan get in some more celebrity sniffing! During a TV break during the second period of the game, they showed the video filmed by our new friend Faith that we filmed at school the other day of " Empire State Of Mind ," which was spliced with highlights from the season! It was so great hearing the kids and seeing them on the jumbo-tron! The kids all got hot dogs, chips, soda, balloons, and programs courtesy of the Rangers! Thanks to the team, Greg, & Faith, for all their incredible hospitality and for a day the PS22 Chorus will not soon forget! And thanks to Ms. Lisa, Mrs. Johnson, Ms. Laurie, & Ms. Massimo , for capturing the day for us with all the great pics and video footage!! This week, the PS22 Chorus of 2010 is on fire! Starting it off with a viral smash of "Lisztomania" by Phoenix , the kids have brought in a whole new bunch of fans from not only the States, but from countries like France, Brazil, Germany,and more! The chorus earned 2 Top 10 YouTube honors for the week and a whole slew of others, while making its homepage the #7 Most Viewed Music Channel this week! (That places it even higher than Beyonce's channel which currently weighs in at #13! Craziness!!) Also this week, the chorus was invited to perform and make its plea for the arts at the District 31 IDEAL parent forum, which you can see in the video at the top of the post. We thank long-time friend of the chorus, Joan McKeever Thomas (see pic below), for this wonderful opportunity to invest in the future of our chorus children's arts education. The kids did us proud as always, and we hope that in sharing both their talent and their story, we made an impact. So how can PS22 top a week like this? Well get ready, because we're going to give it the ol' elementary school try! Indeed there's lots more excitement on the way! On Sunday afternoon, the kids will be appearing at Madison Square Garden , where they will be singing the national anthem at the New York Rangers game! Earlier this week, we got a visit from Greg &amp; Faith representing the team, who shot footage of the kids singing their version of " Empire State of Mind Pt. XXII " that will be played at the game alongside highlights of the season. Unfortunately, that video will not be able to be broadcast, but the MSG Network is supposed to be airing the kids' singing of the anthem, though it may be later on in the game during an intermission. Exciting stuff!! Puck drop is at 3:00 PM EST so set those TIVOS &amp; DVRs! Then on Tuesday, prepare for yet another brilliant PS22 Chorus collaboration! The kids will be joining reggae artist Matisyahu on stage at the 92nd Street Y in N.Y.C.!! They'll be performing their version of Matisyahu's "One Day" with the man himself! You may recall "One Day" was the official song of this year's Winter Olympics, and a great song it is! According to our sources, the show is nearly sold out, and the show will be airing live to 17 different cities in Hillels and JCCs across the country. PS22 will also be hosting a visit from Matis to rehearse (a la our unforgettable Celtic Woman collaboration ), so this should prove to be yet another rewarding week for our blog followers! To follow the PS22 Chorus blog and be alerted to all the new goings-on and music, click here . PS22 Chorus member Fiona wrote this sweet and somber song she ironically calls " Friendship ." I found it very touching when she sang it for me, and decided to work with her to arrange it for the full chorus. Here is the beautiful result. Congratulations to Fiona for her superb song and performance here in the video. Already internet fans are comparing her to a young Avril Lavigne ! Love it!! We're so proud of you, Fiona!! What a great example you are to show how to turn painful emotions into something beautiful. UPDATE (3-13-10): CONGRATS TO FIONA!! She earned a YouTube Honor with her original song as the #68 Top Rated Music Video today!! Check out the screencap below! The PS22 Chorus of 2010 made the cover of CHORAL DIRECTOR MAGAZINE ! The magazine includes a very in-depth article/interview with writer Eliahu Sussman , and features some excellent photos from Claudio Papapietro . Unfortunately the on-line version doesn't include all the great photos of the kids that were used in the hard copy version, but the complete article is available on Choral Director Magazine's website . (The magazine was apparently published back in November, but it just came to my attention the other day!) Awesome to discover that PS22 Chorus of 2010 is currently being featured on the home page of Billboard.com on as their featured viral video! Below is a screen cap of their home page, and a cap to the link to the vid and short article praising the kids' new version of "Lisztomania" by Phoenix ! The PS22 Chorus of 2010 is definitely causing quite a stir around the internet with its newest cover of "Lisztomania" by Phoenix . In addition to earning over 50,000 views on its weekend debut and being featured in top spots on Buzzfeed & Reddit , today the video has shown up on three noteworthy blogs from The Village Voice, Teen Vogue, & MTV Buzzworthy ! All have great things to say about the chorus's latest effort! Check out the screencaps below. And for more on "Lisztomania," click here . The chorus just got another e-mailed message from Lynn Hillary of Celtic Woman , who visited the kids just last week . Dear Gregg and PS22, It's been almost a week since we met you and your incredible bunch of little superstars but we are all STILL talking about it all the time! I can't stress enough what an impression they made on us not just with their glorious voices and obvious love and dedication for the music they sing, but they were just such nice friendly kids!! I just know they will all go on to do great things in the world. Sometimes I forget what joy there is to be found in singing, and you all reminded me of that! Also your advice to the kids about "if you FEEL the music you can never go wrong!" is something I will always think about if I ever feel nervous! I've been reading your amazing blog and really wanted to add my thanks too (you don't have to post this up, I'm sure you're running out of space! I just wanted to thank you again, I know it's all been said already but once more wouldn't hurt!!) I was on the meet and greet that night at Radio City and the people were amazed when I told them this was our first time performing with the children, they said it looked so natural, like it was really meant to be a part of the show all the time. If only you could be with us every night! Performing You Raise Me Up now feels strange without PS22, like there is something missing, but their voices always resonate inside my head as we sing, so in a way it feels like they are there all around us, sometimes I imagine that they are! I think this is an experience that will stay with me for a long long time. Thank you so much and please tell them that we really miss them and think about them a lot! I wish you and the children continued success and happiness, and we really hope to see you again soon (for more hugs..and sniffs!) I can't wait to see what you get up to next on your adventures...we'll be watching!! Peace and Love, Lynn 
 Don't Call It A Comeback : Surprisingly enough I actually had a pretty good day today. I managed to stop by school and get some work done and I got to hang out with a lot of people (read: girls ) I haven't seen in ages. I plan on doing the same tomorrow and Friday in an attempt to finally get cracking on the thesis, which has been bringing me down for ages. After dinner and having worked on my Movable Type site, which I'm hoping will be ready this weekend (plus a couple of blog entries I've been working on), I wen't down the pub to see the Arsenal - Roma game. Honestly, I had decided not to get my hopes up, because of last five games Arsenal has played and their reputation for not being strong in away games in Europe. And it was my impression that Oleg "The Ox" Luzhny was out with an injury leaving a spot open in defense for some German kid. So when Roma scored within four minutes that didn't exactly help with my confidence, either. But Thierry Henry showed everyone why he makes the big bucks and scored on literally every shot he had on goal to make it an incredible 3-1 win. I watched the game with my brother , who's a real Arsenal fan, and a bunch of Roma supporters, so the win was extra sweet. It was difficult not to gloat, but seeing as the ref wasn't exactly friendly towards the Italian side we tried to keep namecalling and insults to a minimum. I was watching CSI last night. I have this thing about watching television series from the beginning and for some reason I can't start watching a series from episode three or five. So when CSI was first show here and I didn't have the channel at first, I just gave up on it. But seeing as it has just started from episode one again on a channel I have now I've started watching it and already after two episodes I'm pretty hooked. It's very different from other shows and I like the cast a lot more than I thought I would. So now that all the other shows I follow will probably take a long Christmas vacation it's nice to know that there'll still be at least one cool show on. The other show that I follow religiously right now is The West Wing . We' re about a season behind the American schedule, so they've just introduced Mary-Louise Parker here. I'd forgotten how cute she is. I saw her recently in the mushy, but watchable Cupid & Cate where she wears a lot of black eye make-up, and she looks just as fantastic on The West Wing . And everything that I've liked about the show so far is still just as good or better in this third season, so I'm still totally hooked. Send Lawyers, Guns And Money. The Shit Has Hit The Fan : I feel like my head is about to explode. I've just had the worst weekend in ages and it's spilling heavily over into this week. I've been getting letters about my taxes and other depressing money situations and although a week ago I was sure that all this was way behind me everything has just been opened up again and now it's even worse than originally expected. Since Saturday morning I've felt like picking up a Louisville Slugger and beating the shit out of somebody, but I don't have a baseball bat, so I've been forced to sit around and curse, mumble incoherently, and bitch, which I've been doing. A lot. It's really frustrating to be completely powerless and just seeing everything fall apart like a fucking house of cards. So I haven't really been in the mood to blog about my excellent trip to Copenhagen and the fantastic concerts I went to. But as soon as I get my hands on some Prozac I'll be on it like the paparazzi on J-Lo's ass. The only good news right now is that I've been reading We Blog and this humble weblog is mentioned in it. Kinda. If you look on page 13 and 14 there are screen dumps illustrating how you set up a Blogger account. And if you look on the left side you'll notice that under Blogs of Note it says: There Is Nothing To Not Be Amazed At . So it seems that my 15 minutes have stretched on to a link to my site accidentally being visable in a book. How very exciting! Don't Be Real, Be Postmodern : Nothing much going on here right now. In about an hour I'll be on my way for a three day stay in Copenhagen. I'll go see Ryan Adams and Jesse Malin tonight and Coldplay and Idlewild tomorrow, both of which I'm really looking forward to. I've been listening to Idlewild all day and they're actually really good, so it should be awesome to see them live. Also tomorrow Denmark are playing Poland tonight and the news story is that Morten Olsen, the head coach, would like to see our wings score some goals. Turns out Ebbe Sand (of Schalke 04) and Jon Dahl Tomasson (of AC Milan) has scored something like 75% of the Danish goals, so now that Martin Jørgensen has started scoring in Udinese and Dennis Rommedahl has scored for PSV Eindhoven he like to see them do the same for the national squad. Well, wouldn't we all? I finished fixing the headers on my Moveable Type template last night. I had to open 176 individual postings and add a new header and delete the old, which is about as tedious as it gets. But now it's done, so hopefully I'll be able to fix the rest of the problems this week and launch the new version next week. Chances are it'll look almost exactly like the current site, but hopefully it'll load a lot faster. I'm pretty nuts about bands, who make 80s inspired music and wear 80s inspired clothes. The latest to blow me away is Swedish band Melody Club . Their single Palace Station is the best retro single since Emerge by Fischerspooner , so you should definitely check it out. I Was Dressed For Success, But Success It Never Comes : I’ve been a little busy lately, so I haven’t gotten around to talking about the Supergrass show I went to last week. It wasn’t as good as the first time I saw them, but the last half hour of the show was pretty great. If you haven’t seen Supergrass live they basically consist of Dr. Zaius, Paul McCartney's younger brother and that chubby kid you were best friends with in the 3rd grade. And yet somehow they’ve managed to put together some really cool songs for their four albums. Unfortunately, they played way too many songs from their latest album, so it wasn’t until towards the end, when they pulled out all the stompers the show really took off. During one of the better songs early on in the set some preppy 18-year-old twat in a black turtleneck decided to stagedive. For my money nothing is more rewarding than watching some guy stagedive only to have the crowd part before him like the Red Sea. But unfortunately that didn’t prevent him for jumping out from the stage three more times. Diving is sooo ten years ago, Dude! I mean the 70s had moshing, the 80s had moonwalking and the Safety Dance, and the 90s had diving. Now, how about we try something new like not acting like muppets in public and actually listen to the damn music? How does that sound? But even so it was an entertaining night out except for the opening act, The 22-20s, who looked like The Strokes , but sounded like an inept Jon Spencer cover band and played excruciatingly loud. They are definitely to be avoided in the future. I’ve been listening to Ben Folds Live and Slanted & Enchanted this weekend and they’re pretty great. Obviously, they’re very different albums, but both cool in their own way. The Ben Folds album has some really interesting versions of old favourites and there are a couple of songs, where the audience participation really lifts the songs up to another level. Slanted is one of those albums, where during the first listen you wonder how the hell this record ever got released, but after a few spins you start getting it. I’ve only been listening to the first CD, because those 24 songs are a lot to digest in themselves, so it’ll be a while before I want to listen to the live stuff. The weirdest thing I’ve seen today is an article claiming that the FBI has been investigating Bobby Fischer, because they thought his Mum was a commie spy. And to make the story even weirder the famous recluse has apparently been giving radio interviews lately praising the 9/11 attacks and made anti-Semitic comments. I guess Ben Kingsley won’t spend any more time Searching for Bobby Fischer . We're In It For The Money : Supergrass is playing here tonight, so naturally we’re going. I saw them the last time they played here as well and it was awesome. I’ve been listening to the new album quite a bit lately and although it’s not as good as their first two records there still are some choice cuts on there. The song Seen the Light was used in a phone commercial here, but the commercial came out a good month before the record came out, so it was a discussion point down the pub for a while if it actually were Supergrass or just someone, who sounded like them playing. The song is good though and so are tracks like Rush Hour Soul and Can’t Get Up . However, I do think Grace is an odd choice for a single. According to this NME review the guys haven’t lost it, so it’ll probably be a crackin’ show tonight. I saw an interview with British pop act Sugababes the other day and it went something like this: Interviewer : That was “You Know You’re Right”, the latest video by Nirvana. You guys like Nirvana? Keisha Sugababe : I only know that one song… Interviewer : Smells like Teen Spirit? Keisha Sugababe : How does that one go? Interviewer : Dah-da-da Da Da Dum Dah-da-da Da Da... Keisha Sugababe : Yeah, that’s the one! Nice to see the most important album of my generation still has an impact on the kids. I’m guessing she wasn’t the one, who came up with the idea to blend Are Friends Electric ? with Adina Howards’ Freak like Me . I’ve been playing Tony Hawk 3 lately and although I think it is fun I can sense that I won’t be playing much longer. I suck at it and if I don’t achieve a medal in Level 3 I won’t be able to open up the rest of the levels, which means I’ll be stuck playing the same three levels for the rest of my life. Isn’t that like Dante’s seventh ring of Hell? I ordered some stuff from Amazon this week and it’s already been shipped, which is so cool. I’ve decided to get back to work on my thesis, so I ordered We Blog: Publishing Online with Weblogs , which hopefully will have some insights that’ll motivate me to start writing again. I ordered Ben Folds Live , because I’ve always been a huge Ben Folds Five fan and on this CD Ben plays both solo and BF5 songs mixed with b-sides, covers, and tracks I haven’t even heard before. And to make it even cooler there’s a DVD with seven live tracks and live antics (whatever that is). I can’t wait to get that one. I have every Pavement album except Slanted & Enchanted , so when I found out a special Slanted & Enchanted remastered double CD had been released with live tracks, Peel sessions, EP tracks, and more I had to get it right away. And finally I ordered The Photo Album by Death Cab for Cutie, because I only have We Have The Facts… and I’ve been curious about there other albums for a while. I was working on my new Moveable Type blog yesterday, and it didn't exactly go according to plan. First off I have no idea how to make the text look like I want it and secondly my headers got messed up, when I transferred the files from Blogger . For some reason MT has taken the first 30-40 characters of each posting and copied them into the title box. That means I now have to go through every single posting and edit the title and remove the original title from the main text box. That'll give me somehting to do Friday night. That's What I Like About You : I mentioned Bill Maher's book When You Ride Alone You Ride with Bin Laden yesterday and it got me thinking about a poster we used to have on the door to the DJ booth at the internet radio station I used to work for. The poster read "When you pirate MP3s, you're downloading Communism", which we thought was pretty funny. Maher's book has a lot of "patriotic posters" inspired by posters made during World War II, but updated so they fit the into the post 9/11 scheme of things. If you want to find out more about the book he even has a special Ride Alone website. The downloading Communism poster is made by the people at Modern Humorist (who are also the geniuses behind this t-shirt ). I went over there today to find a link to the poster and came across their Fall 2002 TV Preview . This might only be fun if you watch as much television as I do, but even so I've picked out a couple of fun comments: Presidio Med (CBS): This medical drama revolves around a team of dedicated physicians that treats the patient, not the problem. Unlike "ER." Remember that time on "ER" when Dr. Carter left a five-year-old victim of a drunk driving accident on the operating table to catch the last quarter of a Bulls game? That shit will NOT fly at the Presidio. Still Standing (CBS): Jami Gertz, better than she ever did. Looking like a true survivor. Feeling like a little kid. Push, Nevada (ABC): Shot in the real-time format pioneered by Fox’s "24," this new drama series covers the 22-hour delivery of exotic dancer Nevada Stevenson’s first child. Seeing as Push, Nevada has already been cancelled maybe the world just isn't ready for a show about an IRS agent even if it's written by Ben Affleck. Maybe you've noticed that at times this site loads slower than a Clem Snide song and the comments are usually unreliable to say the least (and there's has been plenty of behind-the-scenes problems as well). So for a while I've been contemplating changing to Moveable Type . I've already moved the template over and as soon as I get the last bugs sorted out I'll probably make the switch completely. But until I figure out how to make my old headers like decent in the new MT setting you'll have to be patient with me. No Sissies Get Your Love : A lot has happened this week, so I’ll just mention a couple of highlights. I spent three days in Copenhagen hanging out and going to concerts. I saw Doves at Loppen and it was a very good show. They played about 75 minutes on a stage, which was about foot high, which meant the audience stood very close to the band. I was standing about 6 feet away from singer Jimi Goodwin, which meant I could look him straight in the eyes when he was singing, which was a bit weird. But they played a cool set with tracks from both Lost Souls and The Last Broadcast and ended with a track called Space Bass , which sounded like a Sub Sub track, but I think it might just be a new Doves track. Either way it was a kicking way to end the show. The next day I saw Hawksley Workman at Rust and that was simply amazing. He played a long show accompanied by a piano player called Mr. Lonely . There weren’t a lot of people at the concert, but it seemed like most of them were diehard fans ( Tinka was there, but I didn’t see her). He told weird stories and sang his weird songs and it was just incredible. My favourites were No Sissies and Sad House Daddy of the For Him & The Girls album and it was especially cool to hear the crowd take over vocal duties on the latter. He has the most remarkable vocal range going from theatrical Bertolt Brecht-like singing to Jeff Buckley-like falsetto, so it was actually quite funny hearing the fans trying to sing along with mixed success. Hawksley looks remarkable like Casey Affleck , but the scarf, earrings and sleeveless t-shirt made it easier to tell them apart. Besides going to concerts and hooking up with friends in Copenhagen I played Fifa 2003 , which is unbelievably cool and I saw 61- , which I also quite liked. The movie is about the season where Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris both tried to break Babe Ruth's homerun record. But it's actually a lot more about the two players as people and not so much about baseball. And I got to listen to the new Badly Drawn Boy album, which sounds mighty promising. I saw a fun episode of Leno recently with Bill Maher and Marilyn Manson (Maher was plugging his book and Manson his DVD ). I like Manson and I think he’s pretty funny, but the best bit was Maher going over the reason why George W. Bush wants to invade Iraq: [Mentions several bizarre reasons to invade Iraq] Maher: He (Saddam Hussein) tried to kill my Dad. This time it’s personal! Maher: And he gassed his own people. Leno: Well, didn’t he? Maher: Well yeah. In the 80s! Talk about your late reply. I mean are we looking into why Wham! broke up? Right now I’m listening to the Ravens / Bengals game through NFL.com and it’s pretty exciting. For some reason the Ravens organisation doesn’t broadcast a signal from the games, so every week I’m listening to the opponent’s commentary and except for one guy these commentators are remarkable fair. Obviously, they support their own team, but they always give credit where credit is due and generally describe the games fairly. Except for one guy. Every time the Ravens play against the Pittsburgh Steelers a guy called Myron Cope makes me what to fly to Pittsburgh and open up a can of whup-ass. He has the most annoying screechy old-man’s voice ever and he gets so excited during the game that he stutters uncontrollably. He is completely unfair against the opposing team and last the Ravens played the Steelers he began making up words, so even his co-commentators had no idea what the hell he was talking about. You know how John Turturro has a face for radio in The Quiz Show ? Well, this guy has a voice for newspapers. He’s the main reason I hate the Steelers, because every time we played them I have to listen to that old fool talk nonsense for three hours. If you think I’m exaggerating try going through this treasure chest of babble (this is my “ favourite ”). And finally I got to meet someone this weekend, who I’ve been emailing with for ages. It’s always a bit strange meeting someone you know through emails face-to-face for the first time, but I thought this encounter was remarkably uncomfortable. When It's Time To Party We Will Party Hard : I'm on my way to Copenhagen, but I just thought I'd post something before I left. I was out Saturday night and for some reason I decided to write about it when I got home. Obviously, I'd had a few drinks, so it's probably for the best I didn't publish it right away. But I thought I'd edit it a bit and post it anyways. So here goes: So, last night was alright. Well, the drinking, talking, eating bit was fun. The dancing, clubbing, trying to get shagged bit was somewhat of a bust. And the reason is this: There is no good party music! Grease Mega Mix? The house version of Proud Mary? Boney M? All this is the kind of music I imagine is played in the elevators on the way to Hell. And this is what I have to endure on a night out on the town. To be fair they did sneak in a Prince and a Depeche Mode song, but in the course of four hours that is just not enough. I realize they can't play stuff like Dry the Rain or Cut Your Hair, but there has to be some sort of middle road. And to make matters weirder I wouldn't even have gotten in hadn't I gone to school with the doorman (I didn't bring my ID card and the age limit is all of 23). But to be fair it was still a decent enough night. Sure, I did spend most of the night standing in a corner with my arms wrapped around me like I was representing the East Coast, but at least I did get to meet a couple of charming members of the fairer sex and I got to hang out with friends I don't see that often. I guess I was a bit grumpy that night, but that's the way I get when I have to listen to shitty music. We ate at a cool restaurant where they had a lounge with bean bag chairs and a DJ, who played stuff like Koop's Summer Son. So going from that to Destiny's Child just brings me down, man. 
Well, that's it I'm back in the real world having travelled back up through Africa and slowly made my way back to the Uk.My next task is to find myself a job. I also have to unpack my stuff and sort out my life. In the mean time there should be more time to do other things.I realise that there are a lot of missing holes in the blog and will make an effort to fill them in as soon as I can.Watch this space. Once again I have to say sorry for not updating the blog. I don't have any great excuses except to say that I have been very very busy. So busy that the only time that I have time to write an entry happens to be relief which is theoretically the busiest time down here at Halley. So here is a text entry of the past the present and the future. Hopefully I will get around to filling this in a bit more.So in short what has been happening? Well since my last entry I have been on my final winter trip and got some amazing photos (soon to be added). New people arrived on base and we had our first plane. I finally got down to see the penguins at Windy bay. Apart from that its been packing packing and more packing as we shut down the science here to make space for the building of the new base. The science team has packed over 5 tonnes already and I will be packing another tonne and a half before the end of relief. All this will be sent back to Cambridge or in the case of the AIS (which I looked after) Norway. Oh yeah my leg is fine, thanks for all the support. I have even been kiting 
 I'm pretty excited about this. Leave it to HBS to come up with the MBA Oath. Money quote (emphasis added): "One of Jeff Skilling's classmates has recalled a comment the ex-CEO of Enron made during a class about a dangerous consumer product: "I'd keep making and selling [it]. My job as a business man is to...maximize return to the shareholders. It's the government's job to step in if a product is dangerous." As a student today at Harvard's business school, I hear echoes of those comments from my classmates ." Yikes. The author goes on: "In their reverence for the individual, business schools are remarkably bad at creating a sense of common purpose beyond an ambition to make money. Without a higher calling, bad actors flourish and those who want to speak out against them have little basis on which to challenge them." With much love to my HBS chums, this is not the way things are at all top business schools. And honestly, I can't imagine that (outside of a small, perhaps vocal element) that this isn't what it's really like at HBS either...is it? This is the second in a three part review of my favorite 10 shows of the decade that was. I've figured out the last show to include, but I'll save that for another post so I don't drown everybody with words. 5/05 Shins in OKC—A very nice show (Shins sound live exactly like they do on record) that was nicer because I was there enjoying it with Lauren. We hadn’t been dating that long at that point, and we drove up with our friends Bill and Rick. We all made it back to Ft Sill the next day to attend my Hail and Farewell from the Army. I was allowed a speech, and as many know I enjoy (a bit too much) any chance to be on the microphone. My speech that day concluded with: “Peace in the middle east, no blood for oil, I’m out!” and made a lot of people mad. It also caused one of my fellow officers, a 6 foot 5, 280 lbs black guy, to tell me that I was “one funky Caucasian”. Good times. Lauren and I wrapped up the weekend with a going away party at Rick’s place. Great weekend, and the Shins were a big part of it. 08/04 Wrens/Magnolia Electric Co in Denton—drove down by myself from Fort Sill to Denton, a city famous for death metal bands and being north of Dallas. I didn’t know anyone so I chatted with either band before the show. Indie shows are cool like that (especially back in 01-05 before indie blew up). Both performances were strong, and it was great to see two of my faves on the same stage. After several beers at the show I slept in my car until the next morning and then drove the 4 hours home. 6/06 Radiohead in Berkeley—The perfect culmination to years of Radiohead hero worship. Memorable because of the beautiful Berkeley summer night, and time spent with friends David Hyman, the Rotblats, and Nate Anthony. If I never see Radiohead again it would be a shame, but I am very cool with this night being my lasting memory of the Radiohead experience. 4/05 Wilco in OKC (2)—Bill Rausch and a sportsjacket. I don’t think I can legally say anything else about this show besides that. (Also, go see Wilco live. It’s expensive to do, nowadays, but it’s worth it.) In no order whatsoever, here is the first half of my live music retrospective on the decade that was. Part 2 will run later in the week. These aren’t necessarily the 10 best shows I saw, but for one reason or another they were the 10 most memorable. (Editors Note—part 2 currently only has 4 shows. If you attended a really memorable show with me in the last 10 years that didn’t make it in this post, please send me some inspiration!!!) 5/03 Built to Spill in LA—I’ve seen these guys more than any other band, and one show had to go on the list. This was easily the best show I’ve seen them play. They closed with a 15 minute version of Cortez the Killer during which Jim Roth did things with his guitar the likes of which I’ve never seen before or since. Epic. I have a poster of this show on the wall of my apartment. 4/06 Daft Punk at Coachella—I was there with several great friends Berkeley friends, to include the Kaplans and Anna Utgoff. DP wasn’t why I went to this festival, but it’s the one thing I’ll never forget about Coachella. This was the first show DP did with their giant laser pyramid (top left). It was as cool as everyone says it was. 12/05 Wrens in SF—I love the Wrens, and they’re always great live. I had seen them maybe 6 months earlier at the Pitchfork Intonation Music Festival in Chicago. At that show, for one song, they brought fans up on stage to play percussion with the band. When that song came up at this show I left my friends (Dan and Kelly) and pushed to the very front. I had a Bruce Springsteen/Courtney Cox moment with a member of the band, and he pulled me on stage with several fellow fans. When the singing came in I did what I do at shows—sang along. The band member, seeing I knew the words and wasn’t a completely awful singer pulled me into the mic so I could sing along with the band. We did it up, back-to-back 80s hair metal style, for the rest of the song. It was probably the coolest moment I’ve ever had at a concert, hands down. 3/06 Magnolia Electric Co/Okkervil River in Austin—At SXSW I won an MBA music case competition with Any, April Chris and Sung Hu. We had no passes (the guys at McCombs let us down) but a couple of us managed to hop the fence at this outdoor set and enjoy two really nice performances. 9/06 Silver Jews in SF—This was a good but unspectactular show on September 10th 2006. I went by myself and had made plans to try to meet up with David H, but he got held up doing other stuff. The show was memorable because I got my letter in the mail from Uncle Sam the next day calling me back to the Army. I saw a few other good shows before I cut myself off from music in 2007 to go overseas (Islands and Phoenix in SF come immediately to mind) but music wasn’t quite the same for me after this show, not for a long while at least. Once upon a time I loved making music lists. Really, really loved it. The problem was that my list skills never quite caught up with my enthusiasm for making them. For example: I spent an entire summer in 2003 trying to come up with a mix CD worth of songs that featured hand clapping. Sounds simple enough, right? But the project never really came together. In my mind, the songs had to be good, satisfactorily indie and/or ironic, and non-obvious enough that I would feel good (and snobby) about attaching my name to the list (so no “Theme from Friends”, etc). The whole thing started when I was driving around Alaska listening to “Nothing’severgonnastandinmywayagain” by Wilco, a song I loved (still do) so much that I would take my hands off of the wheel to clap along with the chorus. Same deal for “Alone Down There” by Modest Mouse and Ted Leo's “Timorous Me”. But those three songs ended up as the list. When I couldn’t think of any other songs that really got me excited I brought Megan and her brother Jeff into the conversation, and they had great suggestions that for whatever reason still didn’t quite make me happy. The final analysis: good idea, poor execution. In business school and in Seattle (when I was with Amazon) I made a lot of live music lists in an effort to get people to come to shows with me. It was fun, but didn't work that well either (I went to a lot of shows solo). Putting all that aside, I want to start 2010 with a few music lists for old time's sake. In a couple of days I'll lay out my favorite live music experience of the last 10 years, but tonight I'm going to rank where music fits in with all the other crap going in Exnicios-land circa 2000-2009. We'll call my parents emeritus to this list and not in the official running. Without further ado: 1. Lauren (my beautiful wife) 2. Graduating Duke (and all that went along with it) 3a. Going to war (even if I wasn't getting shot at) 3b. Being in the Army generally (I'm better at push ups and shooting things than I would have been) 5. Graduating from Berkeley (and all that went along with it) 6. Calhoun and Bailey (my dog and cat) 7. Music (only top 7...music's got to feel a little disappointed) 8. All of my other friends and family not captured by Duke, Army, Berkeley, etc. 9. The Washington Redskins (0-1 in the new decade!) 10. All the books I read This is a test. Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 /- Style Definitions -/ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-priority:99; mso-style-qformat:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin-top:0in; mso-para-margin-right:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt; mso-para-margin-left:0in; line-height:115%; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:11.0pt; font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif"; mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;} It has been more than a year since my last post. That means it’s been more than a year since I got home and picked up again with my life with Lauren. In the last 14 months (Nov 2008 until now) we got a dog, had a re-wedding and went to New Zealand. I started working as a consultant at Booz Allen Hamilton in March, but not until after I got to say that I was unemployed during the great economic meltdown. All told Lauren and I celebrated 7 other weddings with family and friends (very fun) and had to say goodbye to one of the best guys either of us had ever met (very, very sad). Lauren and I live in Old Town Alexandria, about 5 or 6 miles outside of DC proper. We both work in the District and we’ve settled into a really nice routine. I miss blogging. A lot. I think that I’m not awful at this, and I wish I had been better about writing in 2009. But for some reason it’s been hard for me to look at Army 2.0 for the last year. I don’t know why. In general I’ve had trouble engaging technology. Technology was my entire focus for 2 years at Haas, and I stayed pretty well connected to that world while I was in Afghanistan of all places. Home in DC, I feel more detached from the West Coast than I ever did in the war zone. Weird, I know. Life is great all the same. Lauren and I are really happy. And we’re going to figure the Coast thing soon (by which I mean before Lauren divorces me for indecision). So in conjunction with that decision, here is my 2010 to-do list: 1) Re-engage technology—spend less time reading about NBA teams I don’t care about and more time reading tech blogs 2) Blog a couple of times a week—I appreciate that anything I say now is less interesting than anything I said while on the forward edge of freedom, but still. Writing is fun. 3) For the first time, really embrace Facebook and Twitter—read above…poor, innocent social networking sites have suffered for the same reason my blog has. I am safely home with my family in Northern Virginia. As far as I know I have no further obligation to the Army for the next 6 months, and after that I'll be eligible to resign my commission. Sultan Jeff is home as well, but Chris is still over in Afghanistan. He was the last of my group to arrive, and he'll be the last to come home. Thank you for all of your thoughts, prayers, and well wishes (and clicks and eyeballs and links) over the last 16 months. The blog is not going to go away. We still have VPs to settle on, and the IRR story is something that will continue to develop as we see what direction the wars take under a new president. Thanks again, and I'll talk to everyone soon. 
 Even if you don't know, want, or care about the product. Everybody wants an interesting unexpected twist to their day. http://www.moillusions.com/2008/05/deceiving-billboard-ads-part-ii.html People embarrassing themselves singing is fun to watch...but it's worth sticking around for the punchline. It's refreshing to hear a huge company sound a little human by admitting what people are really using their VISA cards for. Isn't it beautiful when an idea is so simple and well executed that you don't even need to describe it? Link to source. This UK Schick ad uses some pretty funny sexual innuendo to sell female razors.  This will not likely see any airtime in the North American market.  How long before people stop being offended by tame humor like this?   Coolest Chameleon Ever Genius Viral Marketing.  Let's try and reverse engineer the creative process here: 1. Ray-Ban glasses come in lots of colors...which is pretty cool. 2. Lots of colors....what has lots of colors...hmmmm...Chameleon! 3. Show a Chameleon adapting to the different Ray-Ban's and make a cool video set to trendy music!  Bingo Bango...it's a hit.  It didn't cost much and mllions of people have seen it already.  For me personally it kind of even worked.  When I think Ray-Ban I think Men In Black ...not the look for me.  But the other colors looked kind of cool.  This isn't their first viral hit either.  Here's another one from 2007. Using the media an ad is displayed on creatively is awesome when done well.  I've lots of cool ads on elevators before, but this list of the Top Ten Coolest Escalator Ads is pretty amazing.  I wonder how many people stumbled a bit as they were surprised by these ads.  It would be fun to grab an Orange Julius and watch people go up the escalator for a while.   The wine industry is a curious market. Thousands of products are basically indistinguishable without sampling. Massive variations in price exist between seemingly similar products. Many top brands are available regionally and in scarce supply. Therefore, to the casual consumer (most consumers) the choice of a wine is overwhelming. This makes the packaging extremely important. On a rack of 10 Chilean Syrah's you've never heard of before the only information you have to work with are packaging and price. There are essentially no features and benefits. You make a snap decision and hope for the best. This list shows 25 brilliant wine bottle designs that no doubt grab the buyers attention and boost sales. B.C. is home to many great wines which don't often make lists like the one above because of their limited distribution. A great example is Blasted Church Vineyards which feature unique labels by artist Monika Melnychuk which get people's attention. The wine is pretty good too so people some back for more. This Guitar Shop in Southampton, England made the most of the security barrier that covers the store front when they are closed. For their efforts they now have worldwide exposure thanks to the good old world wide web (not just on my blog). 
 Who ever thought up daylight savings time should be punished in cruel and unusual ways. This just helps prove that I am not and never will be a ‘morning person’ Tanks to Endless Supra for the great photo. Finally I am starting a new project that I have been waiting to do for a long time. I am calling it the "4-5" table because I was lucky enough to obtain two planks of solid Elm that were the 4th and 5th sequential cuts (of 15) from a large local fallen Elm tree. The 3x3 post pictured are maple. The grain it amazing and I plan to work in the natural exposed edge to the design. I am really excited about this one. Pheasant Hunting in Brown city this Morning. Cold wet and muddy. Perfect. But: Thanks to Christoph Niemann for the artwork. I just recieved a really dumb email. It's so many kinds of wrong I feel like I should take the sender aside and spend the time to explain why. The problem with email is it allows people to spread stupid at the speed of the Internet. Sometimes I feel like I am fighting a blizzard of dumb with a plastic spoon of common sense. Aka a glimpse at how my mind works: (to myself) What is today? 3/11? I like 3/11’s music I really need to sort out my music library. I never did by a 2nd drive to back up my back up drive. I think my ‘membership’ for ecost expired. Expired? I never did put the registration stickers on the plane. I have to get out to the hanger soon. The weather is nice finally, but is supposed to rain. I hope it does not rain went I go hunting this weekend. Am I going to be able to hunt with my thumb bandaged up? Better call Ron and talk to him. Where did I put those Filson pants? Shit I have to cut the wood for the shelves the Girl wanted before I go. I really want to start on that shop project. I have to call Mike about the welding stuff. What time is it? Craptastic… I’m running late. Things I am so not interested in: Anything that is on TV right now. The Kitty's fleeting inerest in sitting in my lap. Anything with teen vampires. More cold weather. Going to work tomorow. Normal 0 false false false MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 /- Style Definitions -/ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:10.0pt; font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-ansi-language:#0400; mso-fareast-language:#0400; mso-bidi-language:#0400;} NO THUMB WEDNESDAY: Buttons are my foe Keyboard laughs behind my back No thumb is no fun If you remember I cut myself the other day , and I did a number on it... its taking a while to heal. Thanks to Savage Chickens for the cartoon. 
I was first exposed to Ex Number Five via the clunky yet harmless Razor Freestyle Scooter video game. Yeah, remember those Razor scooters? Every kid on the block had one back then. Despite not having anything in common whatsoever, the band gained a decent amount of public appeal from that game, and for good cause. They meant business when it came to their craft and musicianship, even down to perfecting the post-hardcore act; twin guitars lash out monstrous, melodic riffs that interchange, harmonize and play off of each other in a way that pulses as the group's lead auxiliary. Alf Bartone fronts a unique and powerful voice that gives their songs an extra injection of steroids, yet he manages to keep away from standard screamo territory. Even drummer Luke Bodenstein proved to be a vital asset with his diverse patterns and intricate fills, dropping serious onslaughts that drive each song home. The band has had a couple different bassists, but Chris Newman certainly threw in a meaty low-end on their later recordings.Preceded by a number of demos, The Team Players Association can be considered Ex Number Five's true output of studio material. My only gripe with an otherwise solid rock album is it only includes nine tracks. "(Not) Go" was the best of the two songs featured on Razor Freestyle Scooter, yet is sorely missed on the record and would have been an excellent bookend for the band's short-lived run. 
It's not every day you lose someone you spent twenty years in space with. That's Dan O'Bannon I'm glaring at in this scene from Dark Star. We were never close, even though we did share a very cozy control room on that space ship. Nevertheless, I was always impressed with his talents, which ran deep in a various directions. I remember reading an interview where he described watching an early screening of Dark Star in which the audience wasn't laughing. It upset him that they didn't realize it was a comedy so he set out to scare the crap out of them instead...and wrote Alien. That worked! I'm obviously glad that Dark Star came to find cult status over time. Dan's name should always be mentioned in the same breath as John Carpenter when Dark Star is mentioned. I have no doubt that when I die Dan will be waiting to torment me with a rubber chicken once again. He was that kind of guy.
A driver's license gives you a certain level of freedom, but it also gives you an enormous amount of responsibility. When behind the wheel this responsibility comes in many forms : - Wearing seat belts - Driving sober - Focusing on the road - Driving defensively In Jan. 2009, NSC called for a nationwide ban on all cell phone use while driving. This comes after NSC researchers and statisticians reviewed more than 50 peer-reviewed research reports, many drawing the same conclusion. Drivers who use their cell phones have a significantly increased chance of getting into a car accident. MAKING OUR WORLD SAFER ... NATIONAL SAFETY COUNCIL SALT LAKE CRIMINAL JUSTICE 145 E. 1300 SO. starts 6:30PM come early to sign in. ( Freeway Watch ) January 4 February 1 March 1 April 5 May 3 June 7 July 12 August 2 September 13 October 4 November 1 December 6 Driving drunk is a major public safety threat that claims thousands of lives year after year. Both alcohol and drugs impair perception, judgement, motor skills, and memory. If you drink - don't drive. Take a cab, or have someone sober bring you home......... Drunk Driving. Over the Limit. Under Arrest. (NHTSA) In an ironic turn of events, a man wearing a breathalyzer costume was arrested Sunday in Oxford, Ohio on suspicion of driving drunk. He was celebrating Halloween and driving with a blood alcohol level of .158, far above his state's legal limit. For more details on this story, including pictures, visit NBC4i . Although no one was harmed, this young man is now internet famous for his antics. Don't drink and drive. It's not worth the risk. Here is a resource to help parents, teachers, and other social sources to stop easy access of alcohol to teens. It's unsafe. It's illegal. It's irresponsible. http://www.dontserveteens.gov DUIhope, then called Freeway Watch, was founded on March 1, 1994 after a drunk driver killed a local teenager who was fixing a flat tire in the emergency lane. We produced this video a few years later as a public service message. We are hoping you will learn how to recognize and report DUI drivers by WATCHing. Please feel free to share this video and show it to your students and loved ones. Together we can make a difference. This video was produced by 3M Company, in cooperation with the National Highway Transportation Safety Association (NHTSA), the National Association of Governors' Highway Safety Representatives, Operation C.A.R.E, and DUIhope. For the past year duihope.org &amp; freewaywatch.org have been at their new home at dui-hope.org .&nbsp;Both sites have been consolidated into one site to better serve the community, and now with our new site design they are streamlined for up to date information. Dui-hope.org &nbsp;continues its 15 year mission to combat DUIs in our state of Utah. Drunk driving endangers us all. Impaired driving endangers as well. We invite you to join us in our work with drug courts and victim impact panels to affect real change on Utah highways and roads, making driving safe for all of us. We've been under construction, and very glad to be back online. Help us put a stop to Driving Under the Influence. Together we can make a difference. 
 CLICK HERE or on the image to view. Glimpses of limitless abundance...images, places, and people we will never forget...we have been touched by everywhere we have been...this journey started out as an idea and we could have never imagined what it would become in reality...we hope this blog has and will inspire you to travel, there is so much out there to experience...new ways of living and seeing the world around you. We are blessed to have had this forum to share this life changing experience with you. Thank you, Namaste. CLICK HERE or on the image to stream video. This file is big but is well worth the wait... It's bittersweet putting this final video up, truly the end of a beautiful journey that started last summer in Los Angeles and ends in Bay Area. Words can't really do justice to our experience, but we have been grateful for the response we have gotten from all of you and hope you have enjoyed it as much as we have. We hope we have inspired some of you to get out there, get a backpack and set off...the adventure of a thousand miles starts with a footsep. Thanks-Benjamin Jones and Malcolm Guess CLICK HERE or on the image to stream video. You just can't tell anyone the rush you feel behind the handle bars of a Yamaha Nuevo...Anyone who has been to Asia knows that without a moto, you can't get around. Motorbikes, motorcycles, mopeds outnumber cars on the roads of Bali, Cambodia, Thailand, and Laos. For the traveller, it is a necessity to learn how to drive one and how to properly disembark without burning your leg on the right side exhaust which each traveller does at least once as evidenced by the red marks on the tan legs all over south east asia. Hop on board and come for a ride... CLICK HERE or on the image to stream video. We hit Calcutta downtrodden, exhauseted emotionally and physically, we were limping to the finish line...The journey from Nepal to Bodhgaya and then on to Calcutta had been arduous to say the least. We were almost stranded in Bodhgaya and could not take a rickshaw as we were told they were too dangerous at night and we would be robbed. The area is very unsafe and full of bandits and we only made our train by paying a local a relatively exhorbitant amount of money to drive us to the train station. When we arrived to Calcutta's dingey traveller's area we were in bad shape but needed to stick it out to finish buying our instruments. We spent a hot day searching through the various music stores and came away with a very nice set of tablas. CLICK HERE or on the image to download slideshow. We have come across many different kinds of monkeys on our travels. Rare gibbons in Thailand, macaques in Bali, langur's in India, and the ones we have stumbled upon while walking down streets, on the beach, in the jungle, or while waiting for buses. My (Ben) mayan birth spell is the Blue Resonant Monkey and I have always felt an affinity with monkeys so I have really enjoyed our many encounters with these creatures that are our closest relatives in the animal world. Enjoy... Welcome to our blog!!! If you have a night to kill, we have a lot of videos from our world travels for you. We've decided to go back and pull out some of our favorites and share them with you. Just click on the video image and it will start to download or stream. Enjoy! As always you will need Quicktime to view these do we have provided you with a link on the right where you can get it free from Apple.com. Dalai Lama: Free Tibet -------------------------From Bali to Bangkok Laos: Jewel of the Mekong ------------------India: Finding the Beatles CLICK HERE or on the image to stream video. It was a tough 4 days as you can read in the entry below, but we made it, even though we had doubts that we would at several times during the journey. When we arrived at this oasis, we were greeted by the sight of monks from all over the world dressed in white, safron, yellow, and red robes chanting and doing prostrations (bowing up and down many times). One cannot but help to feel the profound energy and importance that emanates from this sight, where thousands of monks have been meditating for thousands of years. Upon arrival we circled the grounds which contain many Bodhi trees, temples, and stupas, found a comfortable spot under the same tree as Buddha reached enlightenment and tried to do the same... CLICK HERE or on the image to view slideshow. We left Kathmandu 4 days ago thinking it would take 2 to reach Bodhgaya, India. We could not have predicted what lay in store for us though. Our pilgrimage started out with optimistm and energy but ended with frustration and freyed nerves. Bodhgaya is home of the Bohdi tree which Sidartha Guatama, or Buddha, reached enlightenment under. Until, we began researching our trip, I did not know that you could visit the actual tree, I thought it was just a myth or a story, but there is an actual tree. Unfortunately, to get to Bohdgaya, we had to go through hell. The roughest part of our trip up until this point was going from India to Nepal, but from Nepal into Bihar, India was surpassed it. Never was the difference between Nepal and India so evident. Literally, after crossing the border, the vibe of our trip changed, the tone of the people changed...we were thrown back into fending away desperate people who were intent on selling us something or stealing what we had. I cannot judge these people because they are so poor, I do not know what I would do in their situation... Malcolm has been very ill with Giardia, and we have been stuck on dirty trains, horse drawn carts, auto and bicycle rickshaws who have been anything but honest. The 2 hour bus ride from Muzamphur to Patna was by far the worst of the trip. We had to literally fight people to get a seat, and when we did sit down we were wedged in by people nad luggage. If the bus would have flipped we would have been done. The foul air, thick from chemicals from plastic waste bonfires wafted in throughh the windows and gave us headaches. In Patna, we could not find a guesthouse to sleep in, apparently because we were foreigners. We finally found a place that catered to tourists and we had to pay the most for lodging that we have so far. Upon collapsing on the bed we were excited to order food asw we had not eaten all day. Unfortunatley, the yogurt in the Lassi drink I ordered was off and I began throwing up in the toilet. The hotel staff would not give us our money back and the hot water which should be standard in a hotel of this price did not work. We left the next morning and made the final leg of the journey to Bodhgaya by bus and by rickshaw. Bodhgaya, is located in the state of Bijar, by far the most dangerous, poor, and lawless region of India. You must watch your back at all times and unfortunately, Buddha's prophecy that the area would be forever plagued by famine, poverty, and war has been true. It is ironic that the holiest of all Buddhist sites is in the middle of such a place. At this point we are feeling that we are enduring India rather than enjoying it. However, we have been looking forward to reaching Bodhgaya and the Bohdi tree and are looking forward to meditating under it and soaking up the ambience. 
I have no interest whatsoever in defending the latest round of ridiculous buck-passing going on in the House. The idea, apparently, is that they're going to pass the raft of fixes to the health care bill and simply 'deem' the Senate bill passed. Somehow this is supposed to reduce process-based attacks from the Republicans. The mind boggles. Sometimes you wonder how the Democratic Party hasn't self-immolated yet. We're talking about an absolute core principle of the party. If you aren't interested in trying to get millions of more people some basic health care than what exactly are you doing in the party anyway? And if, even worse, you're Dennis Kucinich, how can you sleep at night knowing how much good this bill would do but still opposing it because it doesn't achieve the purity of alien-inspired dreams? But now we're facing the possibility that living, breathing people who were capable of getting themselves elected to the House of Representatives in the most powerful country the world has ever seen are simultaneously so stupid that they think this legislative rigmarole is going to help them. While I've stated repeatedly that all the fuss about the 'Cornhusker kickback' and such things is mostly an illusion generated by the process, apparently House Democrats are absolutely terrified of it. So terrified that they're not even willing to go on record as having voted for the bill that contains it. Despite the fact that they're going to turn around and IMMEDIATELY vote for another bill that removes it. A bill, by the way, that will be immensely popular and create a serious bind for the Republicans. Because if they just do this the old-fashioned way, the initial vote to pass the Senate bill makes health care the law of the land. They pass it and Obama signs it and it's LAW. At that point, the Republicans in Congress are going to be faced with a seriously deadly choice. They can continue to go nuts and vote against everything health care related--but that will put them on record as attempting to SUSTAIN the 'Cornhusker kickback' and the 'Big Apple buyout' and the 'Sooner snicker-doodles' or whatever. Or, they can vote for the patch and seriously undermine their "health care is going to pay for Rahm Emanuel to kill your grandmother in a big field of corn" message. Since they will have voted for a bipartisan fix to it. But no, the Democrats want to get all fancy now, and adopt a mechanism that is questionably constitutional and stupid on the merits . The whole Democratic establishment has drawn battle lines now . Obama, the House leadership, the Senate leadership, unions, everyone. They're all making it clear that this needs to pass and that they're willing to completely withdraw electoral support for people who don't join in - even to the point of funding primary opponents. And good for them. Even if it wasn't politically smart (which it is), there are some moments when you just have to do what is right and let the chips fall where they may. I don't often like what Will Saletan has to say, but his recent piece on this is spot-on: Maybe passing the health care bill will bring on a Republican tsunami. Maybe it will create a generation of Democrats who revere Obama the way their great-grandparents revered FDR. Maybe you'll be back in Congress next year. Maybe you won't. Either way, this is too big a vote to cast on the basis of politics. Every so often, a bill comes along that's bigger than anything your predecessor got to touch. You're the lucky bastard who had your seat in 2010, when that bill reached the floor. And here you are, worrying about your career, when the purpose of your career is staring you in the face. It's time to just pass the damn bill already. If Congress wasn't full of egotistical maniacs who wanted to get everything juuuuust right this would have passed three or four months ago. Or in January. Or February. But better late than never. Just pass the damn thing and demonstrate that you're not total goobers. Begging to Bleed - Foundation The reason I like this song is that it really reminds me of "Let My Love Open the Door," except with a folksy style that reminds me a lot of the Billy Bragg/Wilco project. If that sounds appealing to you, then you'll probably like this one a lot. If not, well, I warned you. The album is called Chimborazo , and it came out last year. Are House Republicans really going to try to run ads accusing the Democrats of voting for unpopular parts of the Senate bill like the ‘Cornhusker Kickback’? Really? I know political attention spans are often as short as goldfish, but surely the counter-ad “I voted for a bill to ensure that the Cornhusker kickback was removed, while my opponent voted AGAINST that bill” would be pretty damning. Unless the Republicans are planning on voting for the patch – and thus completely ruining their “Obama = health care = teh socialism = ZOMGs” message? Okay, so they're not reuniting. But they ARE playing a show together in July. And (for all the people who have lamented being unable to actually obtain their music after hearing me rave about them), they're re-releasing their albums through my new favorite record label, Hardly Art . In addition, they've got a compilation coming out on July 13, called They’ll Only Miss You When You Leave: Songs 1996 – 2003. My only complaint on that front is that it's got only a couple tracks from Ugly But Honest (my #1 album of the past decade ). But when there's so much great stuff to choose from, you can't really get it wrong. Track list for the compilation record: 1. Low Budget Slow Motion Soundtrack Song For the Leaving Scene 2. Die 3. The Color That Your Eyes Changed With the Color of Your Hair 4. One Night Stand 5. You Should Be Hated Here 6. Drunk with the Only Saints I Know 7. Phantom Fireworks 8. So You Wanna Be A Superhero 9. Brooke Daniels' Tiny Broken Fingers 10. Ignorant Piece of Shit 11. Blessed Arms That Hold You Tight, Freezing Cold and Alone 12. Blue Champagne Glass 13. September Come Take This Heart Away 14. All Apologies and Smiles, Yours Truly, Ugly Valentine 15. Sympathy Bush 16. They'll Only Miss You When You Leave Jonathan Chait is weirdly puzzled over the lyrics to "You're So Vain" by Carly Simon (which is not about David Geffen , despite what you may have heard). Chait says: "[N]othing about the song makes any sense. She's giving an extremely detailed description of a former lover, but insisting that his being able to recognize the description is evidence of vanity." But that's why it's clever! The whole point of the song is that the person is vain, smug, self-satisfied, thinks the world revolves around himself...and is wholly justified in thinking so. At least in respect to the narrator. The song IS about him, after all. It works in the same way that a great "I'm SOOOO over you" song works. If you were really over them, you wouldn't have to write a song about it. And if she wasn't obsessed with him, then his vanity wouldn't be a problem. Right? And then there's a whole additional layer, which is that she has played the vagueness of the subject matter into a multiple-decade-long mystery. So obviously the specific stuff is meant to be true in spirit but not literally correct. The result being: there are quite a few people who might think the song is about them - and by doing so it BECOMES a song about them. Get it? Anyways, it's more fun to not know than it ever would be to get an answer. Puppets - Jose Vanders The puzzlingly named Jose Vanders (as in, she's a she) is embedded firmly in the grand tradition of waif-voiced folksy women playing sweet songs about love and life and growing up. Think of a young Regina Spektor with a bit of the Kate Nash snark. I realize that for some people that might not sound like an endorsement - in which case you're probably better off just passing through. But for those who like a little bit of sweetness in their lives, give this one a listen. In addition to being simple, pure, serene...it's also a lot of fun. The general theme ("I'm a puppet for you") doesn't feel overdone, and the clapping (following the line "I've got strings tied to my fingers, pull them down, and I'll clap for you") is amusing without treading into being precious. "Puppets" is from an EP called Red, Black, Blue, and the Tortoise , which came out a couple years ago. Fit - Windmill (from Puddle City Racing Lights ) Perfect Fit - Laurel Music (from This Night and the Next ) So I'm thinking about buying a new car. This is a pretty major deal since I've been driving the same Dodge Caravan for about 12 years now. And while I love the old minivan, the recognition of rising gas prices and the initial investment required to buy a car designed for a family leads me to believe I really ought to buy a nice little fuel-efficient car. I think I've settled on the Honda Fit. It gets great reviews, good gas mileage, is among the cheaper options out there, and apparently has the coolest folding back seat in the world which actually produces some reasonably good storage space for a small car. The question I have for you, gentle blog-readers, is this: do you have any experience, positive or negative, with the Fit? Is it a good choice? Should I be considering something else? I've written about Slapstick a few times before - and it seems strange to keep coming back to a band that's been defunct for a decade at this point. But still, I just can't say no. The excuse this time is my discovery of some tracks from them that had completely slipped under my radar. Way back in the day I picked up their Slapstick CD, which I believed to be a complete collection of their released material. Turns out there's some other stuff floating around, including this track, which embodies everything there is to love about the band: I Hate Girls - Slapstick Like a cold gust of Chicago wind reaching us all the way from some dark club in the 90s filled with snotty ska-punk of the very best sort. A dirty guitar riff, horns that rise out and above, lyrics about lusting after a girl at a Jawbreaker show, and that absolutely glorious "la la, la la la la la" chorus. What's not to like? 
As another cross blog venture, my good pals at The Philosophy of Time Travel and LastBestAngryMan have invited me to participate in a number of top 5 lists as this decade draws to a close. We have very different musical tastes in terms of our favorite stuff, but I also think we all are willing to listen to a lot of different stuff so there is some crossover. Lists like this are by their very nature completely subjective, but the point has always been to simply tell everybody they are wrong about everything. 5) Kid A by Radiohead This album represents for me the height of Radiohead's greatness - better than everything that came before and much better than everything that has come since. They take their first steps here into really stretching into experimentation but still keep some pop hooks, and the result is just tremendous. Everybody knows at least one or two songs by Radiohead just from osmosis, but what is interesting is that all these years later, you still have a chance of hearing something from The Bends or OK Computer on your radio but very little chance of hearing anything from this album which surely must be their best. 4) Yankee Hotel Foxtrot by Wilco This album is for Wilco what the Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock must have been like for T.S. Eliot: once you produce something this good, how can you live up to it again? Keeping with that analogy, we still haven't seen Wilco's equivalent of The Waste Land . They are still making great music (and I just saw them in concert this year incidentally), but they've never been able to replicate the heights of fancy and genius they hit with this album early in the decade. That's not a knock against the band as few have ever hit heights like this. From the very beginning lyrics: "I am an American Aquarium drinker" you know you are going to get something a little bit different - but through it all it remains a coherent, sometimes heartbreaking but ultimately hopeful work that stands as something to be listened to from beginning to end. 3) Good Apollo, I'm Burning Star IV, Vol 1: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness by Coheed and Cambria Rock Band was basically the greatest thing to happen to these guys in terms of popularity as the fantastic track "Welcome Home" from this particular album is featured in the game, and was also featured in the preview for the movie "9". But more than just that particular single, this is the 3rd album in a series of 4 that comprise an entire sci-fi rock opera by the group, telling a singular tale that, while often clumsy/impenetrable in terms of narrative, serves to tie the whole project together in a single thread. This 3rd volume is in my opinion the strongest with so many great tunes that stand alone, but in particular "Ten Speed (Of God's Blood and Burial)" and "Apollo I: The Writing Writer" rise to such bizarre heights of creativity in subject matter while at the same time keeping coherent metal hooks - it's just brilliant stuff all around. All 4 albums are terrific, but this one for me is the best of the project. 2) Takk.. by Sigur Ros Sigur Ros stands alone in their own category of music making right now for me insofar as I firmly believe they are the most important band out there today. You could argue there are other bands that are better but the reason Sigur Ros is so essential is they are in the unique position of being legitimately popular . How this, by pop standards, weird group from Iceland became pop icons is completely lost on me but I'm totally okay with it because it really shows that all is not lost - people WILL listen to truly great music given the opportunity. If you had told me when Agaetis Byrjun was released that "Svefn-g-englar" would feature prominently on an episode of the TV show "V", I would've told you that was patently absurd. It was very difficult to choose between this album and () (also called "Two Sausages Kissing" in jest) only because () was probably more important for the band's development, but I've listened to Takk.. too many times not to make this the album I choose. I remember hearing Glosoli for the first time when I saw the band in concert - they were touring just before the release of Takk.. - and having my mind utterly blown. When I think of the Platonic model of "hope", I think of that song. 1) Lateralus by Tool This is bar none my favorite band, and this is my favorite album by that band. I get it that Tool isn't for everybody (just people who know what they're talking about), but it is tough to find a musician anywhere who won't at least admit that these guys are all absolutely ridiculous when it comes to the technical talent on display at every instrument in this band. Perfect Circle is a nice project for Maynard and I enjoy them, but this is where Maynard's home is, and this is where he does his best work. It's amazing that this album came out in 2001 and nothing has come out that has been better, including Tool's own 10,000 Days which, while awesome, didn't quite hit the level of Lateralus simply because track for track there are absolutely no weaknesses on Lateralus. Perhaps the way I can most easily sum up the level of this band is to relay this story: after seeing this band in concert with one of my friends who is a musician, he simply turned to me and said "Well, that was intimidating." Indeed. Some context for below - tonight the local minor league team, the Wilmington Blue Rocks , are having "Cowboy Monkey Rodeo Night", which involves monkeys dressed as cowboys riding on dogs. This led to the chat below with a good friend: me: tonight is awesome &nbsp;&nbsp;Cowboy Monkey Rodeo night + fireworks &nbsp;&nbsp;Monkeys in cowboy outfits riding dogs Friend: shouldn;t they be called Dogboy Monkies? me: Cowboy Monkey will lasso you good for suggesting this &nbsp;&nbsp;they don't round up dogs &nbsp;&nbsp;they ride them Friend: yeah true &nbsp;&nbsp;what do they round up? Squirrels? &nbsp;&nbsp;COWS??? me: what they round up are good times &nbsp;&nbsp;Goodtimeboy Monkeys Friend: now that would be illegal - making monkeys round up squirrels while riding dogs &nbsp;&nbsp;then - you feed the losing team to a shark &nbsp;&nbsp;THAT'S good times me: I don't want to live in a country where you can't watch monkeys dressed as cowboys riding dogs herding squirrels tossing them to sharks &nbsp;&nbsp;and you can quote me on that One of the many things that makes baseball the greatest sport in the world is that it represents stability - every March, players start training for April. Every April, thousands of fans show up for Opening Day at their respective ballparks, filled with the hope of possibility - even if their team is predicted to lose 100 games this year, it hasn't happened yet: everybody starts 0-0. As the oft maligned former commissioner Bart Giamatti said: It breaks your heart. It is designed to break your heart. The game begins in the spring, when everything else begins again, and it blossoms in the summer, filling the afternoons and evenings, and then as soon as the chill rains come, it stops and leaves you to face the fall alone. In other words, it appeals because there is so little about the game that ever changes. It is as familiar as the spring, as familiar as the sun rising and setting. When Harry Kalas died yesterday, it surprised me that it hurt. It didn't seem to me at first like I had any right to really be affected: after all, I didn't know Harry personally. I never met the man. I was just a Phillies fan, one that probably took him for granted too often like many others, so used to him calling the games that it didn't even cross my mind that someday, he wouldn't be around to do it. Harry called every Phillies game of my entire life - his presence was as ubiquitous as the Phillies themselves, as baseball itself. I stare out the window at what is a gloomy day here in Delaware, and I know the spring will come. I know that everyone will eventually move on, myself included, because baseball, like life, goes on. But for right now, for this moment, Harry is gone, and with him the spring and the promise that both it and baseball bring. The promise they represent - that there are windows of opportunity in life where anything seems possible - for now seems to have disappeared. The feeling will pass, as all things do, and no matter how much we might want things to stay the same, no matter how much we might want to turn on the game tomorrow night and hear Harry call it, comforted by the familiarity of it all, it won't happen. We learn to adjust. Baseball represents that too, you know: the game may not change, but the people do. It's not a bad thing or a good thing, it just is. Right now though, I just want it to feel like spring, the way it did on Sunday when the Phillies won and Harry called the game, and everything was exactly as I thought it should be on an afternoon in April - and now can't ever be precisely the same again. I absolutely love movies, but I dislike going to the movie theater . In the past 2 years I've seen maybe a half dozen movies in the theater, and very rarely will I go on a busy movie day (like a Friday night) if I go at all. I like a nice Sunday matinee, but really with TVs and DVD players being what they are, with all of the easy access we have to movies via Netflix, movie channels, TiVo, Netflix on TiVo, etc. it just seems kind of silly sometimes to go to a movie theater when I (personally) can be guaranteed to enjoy the experience at home. Going to the movie theater is not a sure good time, mostly because of the occasional rudeness of other movie-goers. But sometimes you just can't avoid the hype and you find yourself unwilling to wait for the DVD release. My buddies at LastBestAngryMan and The Philosophy of Time Travel agreed we would all post our top 5 most anticipated films of 2009. Here's the top 5 movies I'm most likely to see in the theater in 2009, which by proxy means they are the most anticipated: 5) 9 - This film will mark the real feature film directing debut for Shane Acker , who really cut his teeth doing animation with Weta during the Lord of the Rings films. Here's the deal with this one - Acker made a 10 minute or so short film around the concept a few years ago. The movie is embedded below. The film coming out in theaters this year is the whole story. The visual style is super cool and I'm always a fan of animation in all its incarnations. Short film "9": Feature Film Trailer, featuring a terrific song by Coheed and Cambria : 4) The Lovely Bones - There are two big reasons I'm looking forward to seeing this. Number one, the book is absolutely terrific and for me exceeded the critical hype. Number two, Peter Jackson is directing, and the material from the book is something I think he could prepare a feast with. No trailer available yet. 3) The Wrestler - This movie is technically out right now in the US but only under limited release. I check every weekend to see if it is out around Delaware but so far no luck. The number one reason I want to see this: I haven't seen a Darren Aronofsky movie yet that I haven't loved. I also have a soft spot in my heart for the material here because when I was a kid I was a huge fan of pro wrestling. There's a lot of Oscar talk swirling around Mickey Rourke's performance in this one, if that kind of stuff matters to you. 2) Public Enemies - It's a 1930s crime drama starring Christian Bale and Johnny Depp directed by Michael Mann. If you need any more explanation than that I have no idea what to tell you. 1) Watchmen - I'm worried about this movie. Really, really worried. There is a very good reason that Watchmen is the only graphic novel on Time's 100 greatest novels list: it is an absolute masterpiece. It is also really, really complex and has always seemed like it would be a nightmare to faithfully translate to the big screen. We already know that at least one key element (the Tales of the Black Freighter framing device) will not be in the movie. There are more and more reports suggesting that the ending has been changed. The director's original 3 hour cut was apparently loathed by the studio and who knows if it will survive tampering. The whole thing is a recipe for a colossal disaster. But I had a lot of the same skepticism with Lord of the Rings , and boy was I completely wrong there. This easily gets #1 because it is probably the only movie I will definitely see this year in the theater, and that's because there's no way I'll be able to avoid it. A great deal of my friends love the graphic novel as much as I do, and I'll be unable to avoid discussions of this movie when it is finally out. Hopefully they will be discussions about how we were totally wrong about all our concerns over the movie. You don't need to know the ins and outs of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to know that it's bad. In fact, it has been so bad for so long that whenever another bombing or act of terrorism is reported, it just seems to roll like water off a duck's back for most folks. It says something when a story of cooperation is more unexpected and surprising than a story of people blowing each other up. It says something sad about the way things are there. But it also says something awe inspiring at just how far some people will go to try to change things, even on the tiniest of levels. ------- When you say "football", people from different parts of the world will think of different things. Most, of course, will think of what we call in America "soccer". In Australia though, they think of their own variation of "rugby" - Australian rules football. In 2002, Australia hosted the first ever Australian Football International Cup . The idea was to promote interest in the sport in other countries by hosting a tournament that Australia itself would not participate in. It's the kind of thing I can't imagine America bothering to host - we'd want to win our own tournament, after all. But since Australia has the only professional league for their unique sport, it made sense to sit out this tournament because winning was almost guaranteed. Why not give other teams playing their sport in other countries a chance to compete and measure their talents? The tournament was enough of a success that it was hosted again in 2005, and now it will happen a third time here in 2008. This year 16 teams from around the world will compete for the trophy, the most since the tournament started. When you look at the list of teams competing , one jumps out at you: Peace Team . A strange name for a side participating in a rough and tumble game. ------- In January of 2008, Australian football legend Robert "Dipper" Dipierdomenico, along with some other league representatives, presented the rules of the game to a room full of 100 young men. Out of that 100, 40 were selected to participate in a 3 day clinic to learn the basics of the game. The unusual part of the story: these young men were a mix of Israelis and Palestinians, and the clinic was in Jerusalem. Perhaps crazy enough was the idea of getting a team of men completely unfamiliar with the sport ready to compete internationally in just under 8 months. But even crazier was the idea of trying to do it here, with these men. The team faced complications trying to train that would be completely unheard of elsewhere. The coach's instructions needed to be translated to both Hebrew and Arabic. The team was shut out of their Israeli training facility for 4 days during a visit by President Bush when all Palestinians were denied access, including Palestinian members of the team. Team members received threats from both sides of the conflict, either enduring the usual hate from one side or being called "traitor" by the other. Palestinian team members needed to obtain work permits for every training session, sometimes traveling upwards of 4 hours through various security checkpoints. The pressure was too much for a number of the players. Some of them, facing threats from their own friends and neighbors, left the team. In spite of all of this, a few kept practicing. A few kept playing. In spite of the lack of a proper field (they played on soccer fields) with proper goalposts (they had none), they kept learning. The first time the team had seen real goal posts was when they arrived in Australia a week ago. They play their first match of the tournament today against Great Britain. ------- New Zealand and Ireland will be the favorites going into the tournament. The Peace Team will probably be lucky to win a single match. But win or lose, they will do it together . "Everyone knows the story in Israel and Palestine, the occupation, the killings, bombings, we came here to show the people, we came for the peace, we need the peace," says Palestinian ruckman Fares Switte. In January, it's not likely Fares Switte knew what a ruckman was. But then again, in January, the whole notion of a team like this was pretty unlikely too. ------- After the tournament is over, the players on the Peace Team will return to their normal lives. They will return to face the same strife and conflict they faced before they started playing together. They might even return to find themselves reviled in their own homes. But they'll return changed in this small way, knowing this simple thing: if we can play together, we can live together. ------- Note: For a tremendous introduction to the various factions and pieces in play in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, I can't recommend the game Peacemaker enough. It is easily the most engaging introduction I've ever seen, better even than any book I have read on the topic. And yes, it has a Mac version. It's an ever shrinking world. On the one hand it means we tend to fight a little more over resources that we all need. On the other hand, it means we have a better opportunity than ever to learn to live with each other. I'm a big fan of the Olympics. I'm talking about an event where we get to see sports that we probably won't see for another 4 years, but with a built in rooting interest. We root for our country. We root for the human interest stories. We root for the ideal that we can all, just maybe, get along for a couple weeks. Of course the ideal is not reality. The Olympics are bringing some of China's questionable government practices out into the world spotlight. The games are sometimes overshadowed by stories of the conflict in Georgia. In spite of these things, sport goes on. The beauty of sport as a fan is that, for the duration of the match, game, whatever, you aren't thinking about those things. It is not a good idea to ignore what goes on in this world. But it's not a bad thing to set it aside once in awhile. ----- Imagine you've got a tumor in your belly growing so large that it begins to push all of your internal organs, liver, intestine, kidneys... all to the sides of your body. Imagine that the hospital that is trying to treat you has just been taken over by a group that is likely to kill you if they see you. Imagine that it doesn't matter anyway, since the doctors have told you there is nothing they can do to save you. Imagine you are two years old. This boy exists, and he lives in Iraq, the child of a Sunni family whose hospital had been taken over by Shiite militia. On the other side of the world, in Boston, someone hears of this, a wealthy, 85 year old liquor tycoon whose own son died of an incurable form of cancer. The world is shrinking. The elderly fellow from Boston pays for the young boy's family to fly to Jordan where there is a very dim hope of treatment with the tumor so far advanced. The doctors in Jordan do not know what will happen, but it is the only hope. It is not a miracle what happens next . A miracle would be something that defies all explanation. I don't yet believe that acts of human kindness defy all explanation. ----- The pursuit of athletic excellence is an ideal, just like the pursuit of global peace. They may both be fleeting things sometimes, but that doesn't mean they don't occasionally exist, even if only in very small batches. For just a few moments, when Michael Phelps breaks another world record, for a fleeting moment he is the pinnacle of athletic excellence. For just a few moments, when a young Iraqi boy walks out of a hospital in Jordan after treatment paid for by a elderly man in Boston, they are world peace. The world is shrinking. And it is not a bad thing. Aaaaand we're back. So as of today I am 30 years old. Things couldn't be better. I've written before about what I think the advantages to getting older are and I still stand by those things. Bill Watterson once suggested that people who remember childhood as an idyllic time were probably never children, and that's a statement I agree with. It's not like being a kid was bad (it wasn't), but it's a pretty amazing (and sometimes scary) thing to have a modicum of control over your life. I also maintain it is awesome to be able to have the authority to scold those younger than you are. Age is the type of completely arbitrary authority that just increases with every passing day. Just this morning I pulled into the parking garage at work and there was a young fellow blasting music out of his car. Just the fact that I could legitimately think to myself: "That young punk, what's he doing playing music at that volume this early in the morning" and actually have a small part of that thought be automatically accurate (the part about him being "young" compared to me, not necessarily the part about being a punk, he's probably a real swell kid, I mean after all he is arriving at work at 7:30 AM just like I am, probably during his summer vacation) is the type of thing that I find internally amusing enough to keep me in a good mood. So, where have I been these past several months? Well, I haven't been doing anything particularly epic. Since getting married, Jules had been busy studying for the Delaware Bar Exam (a 3 day test which she finished taking last week, results in October) and I've been doing... whatever it is that I do. And frankly that's what I LIKE doing. There was a time in the heady days of my youth (you know, like 8 years ago) where I would have been terrified of the notion of working a 35-40 hour a week job, settling in to some kind of routine. Now it's really what I enjoy most. Some of my best times are just relaxing at home talking to Jules, reading a book or watching baseball on the tube together. I'm a much more boring guy than I used to be, but I consider that to be a good thing. So why haven't I been updating the blog then? What's the excuse? Well, there really isn't any. But I've been thinking during all those months I haven't been writing about what this blog is exactly. Is it a journal? Is it a blog about games? Shouldn't it have a theme of some kind? And I've kind of decided that there are enough blogs out there that spend their time discussing games, and enough blogs out there that are just journals. There are enough blogs out there that complain and mock various things, and really I'm not as good at any of that stuff as they are. So as of today, I'm going to try something new with the blog. I'm going to go for a general theme of optimism. A general theme that says "life can be pretty cool." That may still involve games that I think are fun and self-deprecating personal anecdotes and some of the other random stuff I throw up here... but the gist will be the type of kerfuffle that puts a smile on my face. We'll see, maybe it will put a smile on yours. And if you got this far, thanks for not unsubscribing from this thing. I'm starting to see the following expression used more and more in various publications these days, particularly by journalists: Searching for X on Google produces Y results in Z seconds. If you haven't seen this before, let me give you a couple of examples: From Law.com : Online virtual worlds are wildly popular, attracting millions of people every day, and a recent Google search for MMORPG yielded approximately 32 million results. From the Toronto Star : Partner new Blue Jay shortstop David Eckstein and the word "scrappy" and a Google search will advise you of some 5,300 possibilities. In just 0.38 seconds, too. From Jose Canseco's new steroid book, Vindicated : Put in 'Alex Rodriguez' and 'infidelity' and you'll get like fifty thousand hits. The gist I guess is that there is supposed to be some correlation between X and Y . People, please stop this madness. Maybe you think it's a cute gimmick and a nice alternative to the old stock " Meriam Webster defines 'infedility' as... " type of intro, but all it does is expose you as a complete idiot. For the love of god, there is no correlation between X and Y . It's a firk ding blasting search engine, it goes and gets as many results as it can. Allow me to demonstrate via the following examples of my own. If there was any question that more dinosaurs are wearing pink hats now than ever before, just pair "pink hat" with "dinosaur" in a Google search. You'll get 635,000 results in 0.17 seconds. I always thought bananas were funny looking, like they're from another planet. You might be surprised to hear that a Google search of "aliens plant bananas" yields 526,000 results in 0.29 seconds. Bananas may be the proof we need that we are not alone. Recycling for the planet is one thing, but what about recycling what our own body produces for ourselves? A quick Google search of "lose weight by drinking raw sewage" gives you 153,000 results in just 0.32 seconds. It's obviously an idea worth considering. To writers everywhere, I am begging you this last time to please stop this insanity, or so help me I will Google "[your name here] is completely brain dead", thus proving forever that somebody needs to pull your plug. 
 ruches - beehives Originally uploaded by parisdelhi Reconciling life in Togo and life in the US hasn't been fun. Contrary to what one would think given how the whole world is trying to train Africa out of its supposed backwardness, I have more or less come to the conclusion that the culture, eating habits, amount of physical activity, societal structure and the general way of life of my village in Togo are much healthier than those of the US. In the US we have plenty of money but we no longer know how to live, for the most part we are unhealthy and lost in modern life, and what is worse is that the rest of the world is trying to copy us. In Togo, for the most part people know how to live well. The only thing that is missing is a bit more money. That is where beekeeping becomes useful... One could very well argue that in the end money will manage to strip Africa of its knowledge of how to live well. In that case money is the culprit. pitching in Originally uploaded by parisdelhi To conclude TV or Radio news stories about climate change and the declining livability of the planet, the same message is often repeated: that scientists agree that recycling and more efficient cars and equipment will not suffice to greatly improve the prospects of maintaining a highly livable planet and avoiding the worst consequences of climate change. What is truly needed to improve our chances, scientists conclude, is for humans to fundamentally change their behavior. While listening to international dialog about the human-planet relationship, I hear talk of more efficient power plants and more recycling centers, that help us to comsume more with less or allow us to pollute less or as much while consuming more, I don't hear much serious talk about the scientific community approved idea of societal behavior change or cultural change. In very many ways, I find village life with its hard work, basic foods, and rudimentary entertainment, to be much more healthy than life in the modern desire-driven world. I am fully aware that clean water, good sources of nutrition, and health care are necessary, but how much more than that is NECESSARY? And to what extent does having MORE than that actually have a NEGATIVE impact on our mental and physical health, and on the health of our surrounding world? It is my belief that we spend much more money and resources solving problems created by modernity's attempt to satisfy desires than we spend solving the problem of fundmental needs. Finding fulfillment in the satisfaction of those fundamental needs and foregoing our 24/7 all you can eat "desire saticiety," is a road that interests me. What does humanity want? Health, happiness, and the fulfillment of fundamental needs or the fulfillment of unending fleeting desires, less happiness, and declining human and environmental health? I'll end with a quote from Thomas Merton: "No man can serve two masters. Your life is shaped by the end you live for. You are made in the image of what you desire." Humanity must decide what it wants and then make a conscious effort to pursue what it wants even if that entails modifying very dear cultural behaviors... DSC01635 Originally uploaded by parisdelhi While I was in Togo I had many personal debates taking place and some of them made their way onto this blog. Some debates encouraged external help coming to Africa and others would seem to discourage external aid. I am happy that I had all of those debates because they allowed me to explore international development, Africa, social change, and more, but I want to make clear that there is a place, a lot of places, for well conceived external help that responds to real needs. I will do my best to meet a few of those needs on a small scale where I can be competent. In the photo you see a young veterinary technician in his rural pharmacy. DSC01631 Originally uploaded by parisdelhi Coming back to the US can be damn hard. Once you are in the States, some wonderful feelings are felt but, no doubt, with the lack understanding ears, one can certainly become mildly and temporarily depressed. Finding the cultural continuity that I described in an earlier entry can be very helpful to recent Returned Peace Corps Volunteers (RPCVs), but in the interest of fellow RPCVs I would mention the possibility of collaborating to launch a small project back in your Peace Corps country. As we know, one must have some very effective ways to insure correct use of funds but with strong contacts on the ground and in our world of cell phones and western union, I have found that possible. Designing and providing funds for a small beekeeping project has given me the opportunity to do something meaningful. I planned this project with two fellow community members from my Togolese village and did not launch it to keep my emotions up. I helped plan it because I believed in it. I believe that this project will be effective, and that it will not create dependence, given the way we designed it. Because I believe so strongly in the effectiveness of the project and that I am doing the right thing in implementing it, it has given me a mission when my overseas Peace Corps mission has just officially ended. This project has also made me feel present in my Togolese community and happy to still be a member of that community and an active participant in its welfare. I may no longer be a Peace Corps Volunteer but I am still and will always be an Affem Boussou community member. DSC_0046-2.jpg Originally uploaded by JCTownsley I just heard Cornel West say "Fetishism of commodities." He said "It is also among the destitute because the destitute have a fetishism of commodities, a fetishism of success [and think] 'all I need is success, and then somehow I am a better person.'" I think it is hard for Togolese to escape the "fetishism of commodities" as they peer out into the world through TVs and Radios and I think it is very connected to what the Ugandan Farmer Said in my last entry. He said "They shared a lot of things together...But now things have changed. Each person is on their own. A few people who have acquired material wealth are very scared of sliding back into poverty. They do not want to look like us." It is hard to not be a commodity fetisher in Togo as you learn of the rest of the world. And I believe the young generation will be heavily influenced by commodity fetishism but I also saw a lot of spiritually learned Muslims in Togo refuse commodity fetishism by emphasizing how fleeting and ephemeral earthly life is and how useless that makes attachment to money and things. A nomadic herder, himself a muslim, asked me, as I handed him money for taking me and my friends out in the bush with his cows, "Do you think the prize is down here [on earth] Kabirou? Forget about the money." That came from a man that can live on 20 dollars a month and to whom I was handing 30 dollars. His photo accompanies this entry. I have seen less of that mysticism and refusal of worldly goods in the Christian areas of Togo, but I spent less time there. It is hard for Togolese to escape the "Fetishism of commodities," in the the Commodity Fetisher Gala that is our world. That is sometimes hard to deal with as a Peace Corps volunteer who may have been able to join the Peace Corps in part because you have rejected commodity fetishism. You find that you and the Togolese are going in opposite directions, them toward and you away from commodities... The following two points of view get at a very sociological and anthropological aspect of "Development": How have Western fueled development and westward emigration affected home-grown development in Africa? Togo led me to ponder this question more and more as time went by. "Poverty has always been with us in our communities. It was here in the past, long before the Europeans came, and it affected many - perhaps all of us. But it was a different type of poverty. People were not helpless. They acted together and they never allowed it to squeeze any member of the community. They shared a lot of things together: hunting, grazing animals, harvesting. There was enough for basic survival. But now things have changed. Each person is on their own. A few people who have acquired material wealth are very scared of sliding back into poverty. They do not want to look like us." - Ugandan farmer cited in Voices of the Poor, by Deepa Narayan; Oxford University Press: 2000. On a very similar note, In a 2006 article entitled "OPEN THE BLINDS", now RPCV Dan Mueller tells us of a fictional African village that was developing at its own pace before the world started trying to develop Africa. It would seem that Mueller is saying that organic grassroots development is made impossible or improbable by the promise of the developed world driving up in a 4 x 4 and magically developing the village with money. That prospect drastically changes the rules of the game of getting ahead and tears apart the fabric of the developing society. Mueller continues, saying that the prospect of emigrating to the "developed" rich world and living the good life blinds Africans and leads them to forget the organic development that their ancestors, like ancestors all over the world, were engaged in. Mueller sees this state of affairs as being quite obvious to the observant development worker. Eid al-Adha in village Life back in the US has offered me two satisfying moments of craved Togolese and Muslim cultural continuity. The first moment was meeting two Togolese men who are originally from the area of Togo where I lived. They speak the language of Kotokoli that I learned to an intermediate level while in Togo. Speaking Kotokoli, with all of the cultural importance that is placed on certain subject matters and moments in communication, renders unto the last two and a half years of my life the feeling of richness that memories of those years deserve. Richness that, with no fault to anyone, dissipates like fog in the US context. The second moment of cultural continuity came when I went to Friday prayer at a mosque here in Oregon. There were small differences, none of the Muslim rosaries that were ubiquitous in Togolese mosques, folks were Middle Eastern and Eastern European instead of African, and the sermon, that spoke to God's view on interest or making money off money, made reference to the Western cultural context of being Muslim in the US, to the credit crisis, Plato, and the Catholic church. Not only did I agree with the sermon's message, that we must refuse to make money our first priority, but, as speaking Kotokoli did, the sermon and the prayer that followed rendered the memory of life in Togo full and rich. Living in the US, It is easy for my life in Togo to be drained of its meaning and utility like a motor of its oil. Moments of cultural continuity put oil back in my motor. A poster of Barack sold in Togolese markets Originally uploaded by parisdelhi The morning following the election of Barack Obama, I heard two themes in the reactions of Togolese: 1) This election is a lesson in meritocratic democracy and social equality. 2) This election represents the official removal of the glass ceiling that many assumed would always differentiate the place of blacks and the place of whites in the world. The election certainly proved everything that I had said to Togolese about my experience of America and about what I believed that America was. It was very nice to walk around an American in Africa for that reason and for the reason that my country had just accomplished the feat of making an expression of love and humanity be heard unmuffled. I was proud. I was disappointed, however, that many assumed that I would vote for John McCain but I understand that assumption. While giving a class in a Togolese middle school on the US election process and on the 2008 campaign, I asked the students who they would vote for. They responded that they would vote for Obama. I asked them why and they caught themselves and we laughed as they scurried to find policy reasons for voting Obama. When asked who I would vote for, I joked with the students that "of course I would vote for John McCain given my race." They understood that I was making the point that race or ethnicity should not determine who one votes for and we had another good laugh. 
Dean's latest favorite toy - the ElliptiGO - is the basis for his attempt at the record books for "most distance covered on an elliptical bike in 5 days". He will be ellipting (?) his way down the coast from San Francisco to Los Angeles, a distance of over 500 miles. You can follow him here . I first saw the ElliptiGO at the Death Ride last year . Pretty cool that you can get the athletic benefit of an elliptical trainer while enjoying the outdoors. Here are some pics, courtesy of Eric C Gould : Leor Pantilat won for the 2nd year in a row (3:41:47), aided by a wrong turn by leader Geoff Roes (who still finished third in 3:51:51 ), and out-kicking Max King (2nd, 3:47:39). Joelle Vaught, who won in 2006, ran alone in first most of the race to win (4:13:53) after key rival Kami Semick dropped from stomach issues and flu-like symptoms. Bev Anderson-Abbs came in 2nd female/1st masters (4:29:40), a very strong performance just a few weeks after running a 50-miler, and Darcy Africa was 3rd&nbsp; (4:37:12). It's definitely worth reading the SacBee story and Leor's account to get a full picture of this great race in the mud. Or you can read the account from the man-sized banana at the Hwy 49 crossing. Congrats everyone! Many of us know 41-year-old Topher Gaylord as a seasoned ultrarunner, with finishes at UTMB, Western States, Top 10 at the Miwok 100k, 4th at the TNF Challenge 50-mile, and many others to his credit. A few of us may also know him from crewing for his speedy wife, Kim, or as the guy in the Race for the Soul movie who blew up and came back from the dead for a sub-24 hour finish. But did you also know he’s the President of Mountain Hardwear? Yup, as of this week. Free shwag for everyone! (ha, ha) Columbia Sportswear Company Announces Appointment of Topher Gaylord as President of Its Mountain Hardwear Subsidiary 20-year Outdoor Industry Veteran Brings Rich Global Brand-Building and Operational Experience March 01, 2010: 01:20 PM ET PORTLAND, Ore., March 1, 2010 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Columbia Sportswear Company (Nasdaq:COLM), a global leader in active outdoor apparel, footwear, accessories and equipment, announced today the appointment of Topher Gaylord as president of its wholly owned subsidiary Mountain Hardwear, Inc. As president of Mountain Hardwear, Inc., Gaylord will be responsible for product creation, global sales and marketing of Mountain Hardwear-brand apparel, accessories &amp; equipment, and for global sales and marketing of Montrail-brand trail-running footwear.&nbsp;He will report to Mick McCormick, Columbia Sportswear's executive vice president of global sales and marketing and will relocate to Mountain Hardwear's Richmond, California headquarters, replacing Kirk Richardson who has served as interim president since November 2009. Gaylord, 40, brings 20 years of executive experience and personal passion in the outdoor industry.&nbsp;He joined The North Face in 1993, rising to serve as managing director of the company's EMEA region from 2000 to 2005 and as president of VF Corporation's Outdoor &amp; Action Sports International brands, including The North Face, Vans, Reef and Jansport, from 2006 through September 2008.&nbsp;Gaylord has served as president of 7 For All Mankind within VF's Contemporary Brands coalition since October 2008. "Topher is one of those rare individuals who knows what it takes to build performance-based global brands," said Tim Boyle, president and CEO of Columbia Sportswear.&nbsp;"We believe our Mountain Hardwear and Montrail brands, with combined 2009 sales of approximately $110 million, will benefit greatly from Topher's leadership, knowledge, and global experience." Over the course of his career, Gaylord has been responsible for all aspects of brand positioning and management, product design, merchandising and development, marketing, sales, establishment of multiple go-to-market business models around the world, including wholesale, direct-to-consumer, distributor, and licensing, as well as the successful integration of numerous acquired brands.&nbsp;He has extensive experience working in multi-cultural environments in Europe, Asia and North America, building strong business relationships that have resulted in sustained, profitable growth. "I am energized by the opportunity to lead Mountain Hardwear," said Gaylord.&nbsp;&nbsp; "As a dedicated ultra runner and outdoor athlete, I have always admired Mountain Hardwear and Montrail products and appreciate the authenticity and integrity with which each brand has pursued its passion to serve the high-performance needs of outdoor athletes and consumers.&nbsp;I believe both brands offer rich possibilities for growth as we capitalize on their global potential." Interim president Kirk Richardson will assist with Gaylord's integration and then return to Portland, Oregon to resume his prior position as Columbia Sportswear's general manager of footwear merchandising.&nbsp;"We are indebted to Kirk for serving as interim president at Mountain Hardwear and look forward to welcoming him back to Columbia," said Boyle. About Columbia Sportswear Company Columbia Sportswear Company is a global leader in the design, sourcing, marketing and distribution of active outdoor apparel, footwear, accessories and equipment. Founded in 1938 in Portland, Oregon, Columbia products are sold in more than 100 countries and have earned an international reputation for innovation, quality and performance. Columbia products feature innovative technologies and designs that protect outdoor enthusiasts from the elements, increase comfort, and make outdoor activities more enjoyable. In addition to the Columbia brand, Columbia Sportswear Company also owns outdoor brands Mountain Hardwear®, Sorel®, Montrail®, and Pacific Trail®. To learn more, please visit the company's websites at www.columbia.com , www.mountainhardwear.com , www.sorel.com , and www.montrail.com .&nbsp; About Mountain Hardwear: Mountain Hardwear, Inc. makes cutting edge mountaineering and outdoor equipment, apparel and accessories for ultimate performance in extreme conditions. Established in 1993 by a group of outdoor industry veterans, Mountain Hardwear is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Columbia Sportswear Company based in Richmond, Calif. Mountain Hardwear distributes its products through specialty outdoor and sporting goods retailers throughout the United States and over 40 countries worldwide. Mountain Hardwear has won numerous product and customer service awards since its inception, reflecting the company's commitment and passion toward innovation. It's our relentless drive to create the absolute best that makes us who we are. Mountain Hardwear. PERFORMANCE ELEVATED™. www.mountainhardwear.com &nbsp; Yesterday I had the great pleasure of joining 200 runners for the Caumsett State Park 50k in Lloyd Harbor, NY, put on by New York Ultra Running . As the USATF 50k Road Championships, lots of speed demons were out to enjoy one of the first sunny days to come after a long, hard northeast winter. What better way than a 10 lap loop course with fellow ultra warriors? As I warmed up with Team Inov-8 runner Ben Nephew , we agreed that the day had a lot the right ingredients for a breakthrough PR. Although the temp was in the high 30's, the sun would warm up the day to ideal low 50's by the halfway point. Short of some wind gusts, this was MUCH better than snow/sleet/sub-zero Caumsett 50k's of the past. Plus there were a lot of great runners here - 2x defending champ and course record holder (2:56) Michael Wardian , Scott Jaime (pronounced Hi-Me) from Colorado, 50k Masters American Record holder Dan Verrington , 24-hour American Record holder Mark Godale , 24-hour National Team member Phil McCarthy, Montrail runners Annette Bednosky and Jill Perry , the great Scott Jurek, and a half dozen more that could go sub-3:30 on a good day. I felt like a kid meeting my favorite rock stars! &nbsp; (Ben Nephew and I sport the new Team Inov-8 shirts) &nbsp; (Staying warm at the start) My personal goal for the day was to improve on my 50k PR (3:37 at the 2009 Ruth Anderson 50k ). My speed work was going INSANELY well over the last three months, particularly by teaching me that I could be in a lot of pain and still hold my form. To achieve a PR, like any stretch goal, you need three things. First, you need to show up (check). I know that sounds simple, but as we all know, getting the start line healthy and ready can be tough. Second, you need the opportunity, like a day of perfect weather and runners faster than you (check). Third, you need to believe that it is possible to achieve something beyond your best (check, thank you speedwork). Let's DO THIS! At 8:30am, Suffolk County Legislator Jon Cooper sent off the 50k runners (30 minutes ahead of the 25k runners) and the front pack quickly spread out. Wardian, Jesse Regnier (in his first race beyond 8 miles), and 2:19 marathoner Malcolm Campbell went out hard, running 5:30 min/miles. Scott Jaime and Malcolm Campbell each ran solo at a sub-6 pace a few steps back, and Dan Verrington, Ben Nephew, Mark Godale and I clocked 6 min./miles in the next chase pack. Dan was doing most of the work in our pack, letting us know right up front that he was shooting for "3 and low teens since the 45-49 50k American Record is soft at 3:17". I guess he would know - it's his record! We finished the first lap in 18 minutes. My God, this was fast. &nbsp; (Mark Godale, Ben Nephew, and Dan Verrington chasing Scott Jaime) &nbsp; &nbsp;(Michael Wardian and Jesse Raginer finish up lap #1) We got sight of the Womens race on the out and back section, and front runners Annette Bednosky, Jill Perry, and Yolanda Flamino were sticking close to each other. Last years champ and course record holder, Kami Semick, was not present today so it was anyone's race. They were all keeping each other in sight. &nbsp; (Jill Perry leads Annette Bednosky and Yolanda Flamino) Ben Nephew was nice enough to help pace the pack with Dan, but around lap 3 (mile 9) Dan picked up the pace charging the uphill grades and dropped us. Mark Godale fell off the pace, and Ben and I speculated that he probably wasn't in peak shape thanks to daughter #3 recently arriving. We both had 3-year-olds and knew how that could crimp a training plan, but #3? Fuggetaboutit. &nbsp; (Scott Jaime gives a thumbs up) On each subsequent lap, we molted layers of hats, gloves, sleeves, wool, etc. until we were down to our tank tops in the 45-degree air. Ben continued to do the lion's share of the pacing, running with a short and powerful stride from all his snowshoeing. I was nursing a sore shoulder from a sex-related injury (best if I don't provide detail on that one, but let me recommend that you stretch out before ANY strenuous exercise), but otherwise feeling strong. The aid station volunteers at both stops were amazing, and we barely had to slow for whatever we needed. On lap 6 (mile 18), my body demanded a bio break and I made a absurdly efficient 20-second stop at the port-a-potty. Ben wished me well, and from that point on he would be little more than a dot on the horizon. That was okay though - I knew the last third was going to be a three-night stay in the House of Pain, and it felt proper to venture into that valley of darkness alone. &nbsp;(Local ultrarunners not obeying the speed limit) I wasn't alone, however, since thanks to the loop format I got to see EVERYONE. The New York Ultra Runners were having a great day and making the most of the early signs of Spring. I exchanged atta-boys with 78-year-old Sam Soccoli from North Babylon, NY, and the famous Roy Pirrung who was defying his 62-year-old age with a sub-5 hour pace. 70-old Patricia Delaney was also making good time, and always had a smile on. They sure breed 'em tough out here! At Lap 8, I hit the marathon mark in 2:48 (almost a PR!) and fought desperately to hold my form. Michael Wardian gave a few words of encouragement as he lapped me, slowing but still on course record pace. At the turnaround, I could see that Dan Verrington had passed Scott Jaime, but Scott was keeping him in sight. Ben was still holding on strong and was about a minute ahead of me now. The Womens race found Yolanda Flamino in front after dropping the hammer on lap 3 and gapping the other women by a good 15 minutes. Annette Bednosky, however, was picking up speed in one of her classic negative split finishes. &nbsp; (Ben Nephew keeps cranking) As I entered Lap 10, my stomach knotted up, my head started spinning, and my muscles began twitching like crazy. My pace had slowed to a 7 minute mile as I walked the two aid stations to try and get more liquids in. The pain. My God, the pain! I could feel my heartbeat in the back of my eyeballs. But as the mile markers reminded me, this was almost over. Annette was kind enough to pick up the pace and run along with me until the last 1/2 mile, and I gave it everything. I crossed the finish in 3:20:48, good enough for 6th overall. &nbsp;(Mark Godale and Dan Verrington talk about the race) I laughed out loud as I crossed the finish line. Did that just happen? Did I just take 17 minutes off my PR? Either the training is going well, or I have been seriously sandbagging for a long time now. As I spoke with the other finishers, it turns out many of them had breakthrough days. Michael Wardian (2:55) had beat his previous record by 40 seconds, with Malcolm Campbell (3:04) getting second with a great performance. Scott Jaime (3:13) had passed Dan Verrington (3:15) to claim third and the Masters win, but Dan set a new 45-49 age group American Record in the process. Ben was quite pleased with his 3:18 best on this course, and Mark Godale charged in the last laps to finish a few minutes behind me. Jesse Raginer clocked a 3:28 in his first 50k - not bad at all! &nbsp;(2010 Womens 50k Road National Champion, Yolanda Flamino) (Scott Jaime gets the Masters payday from RD Amy Goldstein) Yolanda Flamino won the Womens division in 3:34, with Annette Bednosky (3:43) taking second and winning the Masters division in a time well under her goal. Jill Perry (3:47) fought through some tough spots to hold onto third. ( full results ) &nbsp; &nbsp;(Scott Jurek, me, and 2010 50k Road National Champion, Michael Wardian) &nbsp; (Sporting the hardware with 3rd place Womens finisher Jill Perry) I felt like an Olympian with all my medals (a gorgeous finisher medal, a USATF medal for 6th overall and a USATF medal for 2nd in 40-44), and was tickled to get the $50 check for third Master. Paydays are rare in this sport! My thanks to RD Amy Goldstein, her wonderful volunteers and sponsors, Howard Nippert and the crew at USATF, and the nice folks of Long Island for putting on a great race. Thanks to the opportunity, assistance, and support you provided, I had a breakthrough day! &nbsp; (Schwag overload! I'm in heaven...) Michele Wallace from the San Diego News wrote a fun article about Mike and Kim Rouse, a couple who (somehow) gets along while training for ultras, Ironmans, and even the Ultraman. I love their quotes about each other - it's truly a match made in heaven! You can read the whole article here . &nbsp; (Photo courtesy of poet Ollie Lind ) Have you ever noticed that half of the stories in endurance magazines sound like Mad Libs for people in recovery? Sometimes I swear they just plug in the facts: " [Name] got into running after recovering from [near-fatal disease or accident] just [random number] years ago. "I was in bed, feeling sorry for myself, [another random number] pounds overweight, and my [body part] looked like [bad food or construction analogy] . I decided the best way to beat [near-fatal disease or accident] was to celebrate the health I had one day at a time. I trained for months and completed [major race] . I'm not embarrassed about my [body part] since it gives me a chance to educate others about [near-fatal disease or accident] . I've now hooked up with [charity of near-fatal disease or accident] to run more, and hope to inspire others with [near-fatal disease or accident] and be living proof it is possible to overcome." Unfortunately it's easy to gloss over the message in these formulaic summaries. In truth, there is something very powerful at the heart of these tales. This is Part II of my long run revelations: "To lead a fulfilled life, embrace death." I've had the good fortune of losing some friends and family in the last six months. I know that sounds backwards, since the pain and loss that immediately accompanies such devastation is soul-crushing. But by embracing loss and authentically internalizing the myriad of feelings that surround it, life feels more precious. Life IS more precious. If we are living, we are survivors. We should all embrace life as fully as our formulaic heroes. It's such a shame that most of us can easily avoid our own finality in day-to-day routine, distracting media, and pharmacologically-enhanced lives. Comfort is good, and probably necessary for some level of sanity, but it's important to regularly remind yourself not to take it all for granted. I often feel this is the reason many of us enter endurance events and push our personal limits - we surround ourselves in pain and adventure so thick that we can't escape asking ourselves the very basic questions of what makes us happy, what makes us tick, and what gives life meaning. Through the pain, we grow, and for days afterward, we cherish every breath, every sunset, and every laugh. At the 2009 Western States, I got so deep it got scary . But the serenity that followed lasted for weeks, even months, and was nothing short of life-changing. If 27+ hours on the trail is all it takes to reach that level of enlightenment and peace, it may very well have been the easiest thing I have ever done. Embrace your finality. Treasure the moments you have. See life in its fullest hue. It's the best way to honor those who left before you, and makes for MUCH better stories. - SD [You can also read Long Run Revelations, Part I - There Is No Such Thing As Work/Life Balance, Only Life Balance ] I've recently seen a large increase in traffic to this blog from blogger.com, meaning more and more bloggers are following me. Great to have you! Just in case it's helpful, I thought I would share a few tips picked up from analyzing traffic over the last few months. We all have different goals for blogging, and it's totally fine if you don't ever analyze your traffic or try to boost your readership. But I will say once you start looking into it, you will be surprised how many people are connecting to your insights. Here a few quick and simple ways to boost your traffic: 1) Use an analytics service . Wonder how I knew about the increase in traffic from blogger.com? My analytics service helped me track it. If you aren't using one, I would suggest you do. Most of these services are free - StatCounter and Google Analytics being two of my favorites - and will start giving you fascinating data immediately after you add a few lines of code to your template or add a widget. Imagine being able to see who sends the most traffic, which search words bring people to your site, and how folks navigate your blog. This week my top referral sites were run100s.com (Stan Jensen's encyclopedic site on ultrarunning), wikipedia (largely on Dean Karnazes inquiries), and forum.somethingawful.com (from a forum conversation that linked to toenail removal), and my top search terms were "caballo blanco", "coconut water", and "cross country championships". It's a fascinating time suck. ;-) Once you get some analytics, a few of these other suggestions will make sense. 2) Add the LinkWithin widget . If you look at the bottom of my blog entry, you'll see a thing that suggests other blog posts you might like. That's LinkWithin , and it's a very simple free widget to add. On average, it has increased my traffic 18% without having to do a thing. But more importantly, it helps convert a lot of first time visitors into reading 2-3 pages. Odds are a few of them will be more regular readers. 3) Bring on the pics ! Behind Google, my #2 contributor of traffic is images.google.com. This is from people looking for pictures of trail running, parks, people, etc., and has continuously been one of the big attractors of new readers to my blog. You can help Google figure out what your pictures are about with some clever image naming, such as "2009_xterra_trail_running_world_championship_hawaii_max_king_winning.jpg". Think about how many image searches might hit that - xterra, max king, hawaii trail running, etc. - especially over time. I've found a direct correlation to the number of pictures in a blog entry, and the number of visitors over time. Basically you can't ever have too many and if you name the images correctly, they will pull readers in for years to come. On the flip side, I recently tried out "Snapshots", a widget that popped up a pre-link window that did not do much for traffic so I turned it off. I've also added "recent comments" on the right, but haven't seen a noticeable change in traffic. But I find it useful, so I will leave it up a bit longer. Got a great tip? Let me hear it! It's how we all get better. Thx, SD Olympians and all-around running superstars Dathan Ritzenheim and Shalane Flanagan dominated the USA Cross Country Championships in Spokane, WA, this weekend. This was Dathan's third and Shalane's fourth national cross country title. &nbsp;(Dathan Ritzenhein, photo courtesy of Photorun.net ) Joining Dathan (34:34 for 12k) on the national team are Minnesotan Patrick Smyth (34:52), Chico, CA's Scott Bauhs (35:01), fellow Eugene, OR runner Ben Bruce (35:16), Admore, PA's Bobby Curtis (35:22), and Gresham, OR's Ryan Vail (35:25). &nbsp;(Shalane Flanagan, photo courtesy of Photorun.net ) Shalane (25:10 for 8k) led by 51 seconds, with 10k superstar Molly Huddle (26:01), Flagstaff, AZ's Amy Hastings (26:09), Olympian Magdelena Lewy Boulet (26:09), Boulder's Rene Metivier Baillie (26:26), and Mammoth Lake, CA's Sara Hall (26:27) rounding out the team. RunOhio does an awesome job recapping the races if you would like to read more. - SD 
